nick	date	comment
1	Kat	2011-04-26	Retroactive Week 1 poll in the hotly-acclaimed new series, Behind the Nitpicking
					
					
							Edited by Bean Bags, 26 April 2011 - 03:53 AM.
2	Daenerys	2011-05-01	Throwing out the top and bottom 5%, I get an average of 7.8 for this episode.
3	John (Snow) Doe	2011-05-02	Those of my friends who are also fans of the series agree with me: an efficiently laid-out opening, offering as much information as possible, but lacking in "wow" moments that both define the series and hold power to attract non-readers.  I was very happy they stayed loyal to the books, but I think this actually became a detriment since the opening is slowly paced and doesn't draw you in right away. I was honestly reminded of how lukewarm I was on the series when I started reading - of course I eventually became a page-turning devotee, but that didn't occur probably until page ~250.
The cold-opening was extremely well done and powerful, but apart from that, I don't see what in this episode (beyond the sheer novelty of the series) would attract a non-reader audience.  A pilot should be a series wrapped into 1 episode; that is, it should offer a taste of what's in store.  I don't think that was done here, and I'm concerned.
4	DecoyRunner	2011-05-04	Disappointing, of course. They couldn't possibly match the world, characters and themes of ASOIAF in the first ep, but even knowing that and allowing for some wobbles, I found it rather underwhelming. They have an excuse to get all expository in the second and third episodes, but the first should have left us breathless. They're playing it a little safe imo. I was not overly shocked or impressed by the Daenerys scenes. Not that I was offended or that I disapprove, I'm just de-sensitized, I guess. Love the opening credits and theme song.
I love the books and have been waiting for this day for a looooong time, so I'll be with them till the end, whenever that may be.
Maximum Dinklage airtime ftw.
					
					
							Edited by DecoyRunner, 04 May 2011 - 08:44 PM.
5	Talan Snow	2011-05-18	I think the series has been brilliant.  My one and only complaint is that the Others (if that was an Other that we saw in ep. 1) are nothing like the description in the book.
6	Buster	2011-05-28	Just finished watching "Winter is Coming" and thought that it was great, a perfect start to what will be an amazing series. It's very faithful to the book and therefore compared to most shows, it was quite slow paced and had little action. Since they had a lot of locations and characters to introduce, it was probably a good thing, especially for people that haven't read the book. Looking forward to the rest of the series. 
Best thing about the episode: Peter Dinklage is perfect as Tyrion and somehow manages to be just as awesome as the character in the book.
7	TheWhiteWolf	2011-06-07	Brilliant it got me so interested in the world of A song of fire and ice that I went out and bought all the books and read them in two weeks flat
However I only gave it a 9 not a 10 because it came out during exams and seriously screwed up my revision!
8	colossus the unstoppable	2011-07-04	Seeing the previews for the episode and reading about the show online is what hot me into the books. This episode may not be the most interesting of the series but I will always be special to me.
9	lyvyathan	2011-10-17	I was blown away. It was top notch!
10	Chelly	2012-01-31	I liked it a lot, but it was definitely the slowest episode of the series. It was necessary, though, because you are introducing the audience into a whole new world.
11	Lord Bear Mormont	2012-03-01	Read all the books but have not seen the series yet. Can't wait until dvd are released.
12	Ser Luke.	2013-02-26	8/10.
13	MouldyMuffin	2013-03-25	Rewatching it, probably a solid 9/10. Not a lot exactly happened, but the episode drew me in big time.
14	usurper0	2013-07-03	Rewatching it, probably a solid 9/10. Not a lot exactly happened, but the episode drew me in big time.Same here.
15	KingIn7heNor7h	2013-07-04	My favorite episode to date!!!! The introductions of the characters were incredible. You get a real touch of the North...RIP Ned Stark
16	Frey-A-La-Mode	2013-07-05	I watched the first season before reading the series (and now I've read it thrice) and I can tell you that I was drawn in right away. Mind you, I have a lot of patience for these types of epic shows with a lot of characters and a lot going on, but besides not getting every little detail/name right away, I found I could follow it pretty closely, and I really dug it. I loved the first scene with The Others/White Walkers, I loved the introduction of The Starks, I loved the royal family, I loved the Direwolves, I loved the scenes in Essos. I remembered posting on my facebook, "Is it bad that merely the opening credits of Game of Thrones is enough to get me hooked?"
That said, I can see why people say that noobs (or people who are not already pre-disposed to fantasy/court-intrigue/epics) there might not have been a lot to draw people in. I watched the first episode with a good friend of mine, and he was pretty underwhelmed... That is, up until Bran got thrown out the window. That made him go "whoa..." as in, this show does not fuck around!
					
					
							Edited by Frey-A-La-Mode, 05 July 2013 - 07:07 AM.
17	Sothoryosdragon	2014-05-04	So it was revealed in the show how John Aryn actually died in Season 4 Episode 5. He was killed by his wife and Littlefinger. The death of John Aryn was basically the opening of this episode and in turn the catalyst for the events in the series. It's just interesting to see how far things have come since the first episode and how things are tying in.
18	The L.E.D.	2015-02-04	It's been a while since you posted this, but allow me to add my two cents.
Â 
I only now that I'm watching the show again from the beginning truly seeing how the show is from the very beginning setting Littlefinger up asÂ theÂ schemer of schemers. He's constantly at work, whether with the Ned/Catelyn business or by giving offhand remarks to Sansa at the tournament, trying to rock the boat all the time. It's like his every word pierces a heart somewhere in the Seven Kingdoms. Brilliant.Â
19	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-22	So I finally just watched the first episode on HBO Go with all the special features. HBO did a phenomenal job, there was some really cool stuff there. For example, there was a kick ass little video about how they filmed the Prologue. Apparently it took them 10 weeks to get the snow all laid out! I'd say it was worth it, I thought the prologue scene was beautiful. 
It was also cool to see some of the props up close. For example, I hadn't actually realized that Robert's crown was essentially shaped like antlers. They even had a 360 degree view of Lyanna's statue, and a cool video of one of the D's explaining about how she's the only woman Robert ever loved, and the significance of the feather. 
Incidently, there were two statements related to the recent fan 'controversies.' At the filming of the Dothraki wedding, the director (I think?) said that we are supposed to see the event through Dany's eyes, with everything being scary and Other. In one the other little videos, Benioff was talking about how, in the infamous Dany bath scene, Viserys' actions made perfect sense to him (Viserys) because in other circumstances they would have been married. But we the viewers are definitely supposed to find it "creepy."
I know part of the reason they included all those special feature things was to further help people who were confused by the details, but I thought it was also just something super cool to do for the fans. Having been a TORN reader from back at the beginning, I definitely got to experience what it felt like for the cast and crew of the project to really want to please and include the fans. It was this special features thing that really drove home just how much HBO is taking it to the next level. It kind of made me feel a little warm and fuzzy inside.
20	DemiNymph	2011-04-23	Please tell me what the feather means. I didn't get it. It's not something from the books, is it?
21	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-23	Please tell me what the feather means. I didn't get it. It's not something from the books, is it?No, it's a D&D idea - see this vid posted the other day:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=geye-7d5RM8
22	legba11	2011-04-23	I said it earlier (long thread), but I don't think there's anyway that Martell would do something so obvious as give a public gift to Drogo at his wedding.  He is clearly established as a very patient and cautious, and openly admits that drawing the ire of the Lannisters (thus certainly the still strongly allied Barethon/Lannister throne) would mean the doom of his people.  If he was to give a gift, it would have been very not-public.
I think a stronger case could be made it was a gift from Oberyn Martell.  He is the viper and he is much more willing to openly stand in defiance.
23	CryFenril	2011-04-23	Viper... snakes... good catch, legba!
Btw, are you the original legba from the old board? If so, welcome back! If not, great name!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
24	Dragonfish	2011-04-23	I said it earlier (long thread), but I don't think there's anyway that Martell would do something so obvious as give a public gift to Drogo at his wedding.  He is clearly established as a very patient and cautious, and openly admits that drawing the ire of the Lannisters (thus certainly the still strongly allied Barethon/Lannister throne) would mean the doom of his people.  If he was to give a gift, it would have been very not-public.Yes, it does seem inconsistent, but I think it's a mistake to assume the show is as consistent as the books are. If the producers wanted to throw in a Dornish envoy as a nod to fans, I don't think they would have thought about it much beyond that.Anyway, toward the end of the last thread we determined that the whole Dornish envoy thing is a mostly unfounded rumor. I think a stronger case could be made it was a gift from Oberyn Martell.  He is the viper and he is much more willing to openly stand in defiance.I've never thought of Oberyn as much of a schemer. The way he solves problems is with his spear, not with an envoy.
25	Kaitscralt	2011-04-23	Why can't the snake-giver have just been some random person presenting a gift that was supposed to weird Daenerys out? It's only the pilot.
26	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-23	Why can't the snake-giver have just been some random person presenting a gift that was supposed to weird Daenerys out? It's only the pilot.I agree. Although it would be cool to have some Dornish business going on, snakes are definitely a sure-fire way to further freak out a sheltered girl who is supposed to be terrified by all the scary Others around her.
27	Daenerys	2011-04-23	Yeah, I personally think the snakes were just some random gift-giver, I wouldn't try to read too much into it. But then again, who the hell gives a crate of snakes as a wedding gift? Uh...thanks I guess? But as I recall Drogo gives no reaction at all to this. If it were really unusual or insultng or shocking, wouldn't he be surprised or angry or something?  Just seems like another poorly thought out "let's think of anything weird to make the Dothraki more exotic" move. Like, let's say, eyeliner on a warlord.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 23 April 2011 - 01:53 PM.
28	legba11	2011-04-23	Yea, I already said I think the snakes were just a random gift, fun to speculate while we wait for tonight...
Oberyn wouldn't give snakes as a scheme, other than to tweak Robert and his brother.  He definitely seemed a "Let's poke it with a stick and see what it does" type in the short time we got to know him.
29	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-23	I kind of hope that, in an effort to illustrate Dany's transformation from timid fragile petal into Woken Dragon, HBO shows Dany wearing the snakes on her shoulders all the time. And then maybe Drogon will eat the snakes /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
30	Kat	2011-04-23	I kind of hope that, in an effort to illustrate Dany's transformation from timid fragile petal into Woken Dragon, HBO shows Dany wearing the snakes on her shoulders all the time. And then maybe Drogon will eat the snakes /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Are you suggesting that Dany should take the snakes with her on the plains? /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
31	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-23	Are you suggesting that Dany should take the snakes with her on the plains? [img]http://asoiaf.wester...default/dry.gif[/img]Of course! She can have little saddle baskets that the snakes ride around in, but mostly they can cling to her arms as she gallops about. Then at night they can sleep with her and Drogo in their tent o' love. Either that, or the care of the snakes can be relegated to Dany's annoyed handmaidens.
32	Talleyrand	2011-04-23	Are you suggesting that Dany should take the snakes with her on the plains? /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Snakes on the Plains? Sounds like i just found my new pitch to new line cinema
					
					
							Edited by Lothbrok, 23 April 2011 - 04:25 PM.
33	aeu	2011-04-23	What are Will's last words? Sounds like "fuckin... *unintelligible*"He says "Forgive me Lord."It's a weird thing to say though. I have no idea who the Lord is. It has been suggested he is asking for forgiveness from Ned, but that doesn't make sense to me.
34	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-23	Snakes on the Plains? Sounds like i just found my new pitch to new line cinemaOMG. I can't believe I missed that. *hangs head in shame*
35	Kaitscralt	2011-04-23	"Someone get these motherfucking snakes off these motherfucking plains!"
36	Whitering	2011-04-24	He says "Forgive me Lord."It's a weird thing to say though. I have no idea who the Lord is. It has been suggested he is asking for forgiveness from Ned, but that doesn't make sense to me.Well, the southern people of the realm worship the Seven. However, most of the teaching of that religion states that there are not seven gods but seven aspects of a single god.
37	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-24	Well, the southern people of the realm worship the Seven. However, most of the teaching of that religion states that there are not seven gods but seven aspects of a single god.Be that as it may they never use the singular.As for the alleged Dornish snakes, I still think it too much of a risky gambit for any one in Dorne to openly send an open envoy to Dany's wedding.
38	CryFenril	2011-04-24	I think what Will was saying was "Forgive me, my lord", to Ned, for being an oathbreaker. He also protests that he's not a coward, and asks for news to be brought to his mother. So I think it's just him interacting personally with Ned. As for the snakes - it needn't be anything political or overt yet, just Oberyn being curious and sneaking into the wedding to get a look at the last Targaryens, Bael the Bard-style. Only instead of songs, it's snakes he brings (and no, he won't be making off with the lovely maid; he's just taking a peek to stay abreast of things). If that is in fact what we're being teased with, it's very subtle indeed. It could even hint at Alleras, but I think the serpents can really only point to one person.It strikes me as the kind of homage D&D would toss in there as a nod to those in the know - sort of an acknowledgment of the people who are die-hard fans, and would go berserk over something absolutely inconsequential because we know what it might mean. It's a minor detail that means nothing in and of itself, but those quick enough to catch it would get all wiggly and happy. Maybe. I could just be over-excited and reading too much into it... naaaah, I never do that!
					
					
							Edited by CryFenril, 24 April 2011 - 09:17 AM.
39	aeu	2011-04-24	I think what Will was saying was "Forgive me, my lord", to Ned, for being an oathbreaker. He doesn't say "my Lord" though, he just says "Forgive me Lord" It is a weird way to address Ned.In any case, is there any reason for him to apologize to Ned? Will did not swear an oath to him. I can see him pleading to be forgiven before the sentence is passed, but no reason to ask for Ned's forgiveness right before he dies.
40	RemitMan	2011-04-25	The first episode does a tremendous job dealing with the execution and the discovery of the wolves. Everyone is present and all of the most important lines are delivered flawlessly. In particular, Sean Bean shows a reluctant determination as he almost whispers the sentence of death. This scene shows us Jon, Bran, and Eddard, and reveals much about their characters.
On the other hand, the most disappointing scene in the first episode is the wedding night of Daenerys and Drogo. The book surprises us by revealing Drogo as a sensitive and loving husband. The series shows us a rape scene. One of the most touching and special moments of the first book is completely reversed. How can Dany come to love someone whoÂ<U+0092>s raped her? The series has taken its first serious misstep.http://asoiaf.ovrnit...thrones-s01e01/
41	Thelonious	2011-04-25	I finally saw this, as I went hom for Easter and my Mum(!) taped it, so we watched it together. It's interesting to watch it with someone totally unfamiliar with the story. She has a background in medieval history so Dany being traded about like a chattel didn't seem to bother her, which I thought was interesting. She had one complaint, one question and made one prediction about the story:
Complaint: She didn't rate Peter Dinklage's performance. I kind of agree, because for all that he's been good in other things i've seen, he struggles with the accent in this and it's detrimental to his performance. That's something that can be improved though.
Question: It wasn't 100% clear to her what throne Viserys was lusting after. "I assume it's Fatty's", she said, but it's interesting that that perhaps wasn't made totally clear.
Prediction: "I think it'll turn out that they have quite a good marriage" she said of Dany and Drogo at the end of the wedding scene. Cue Emilia Clarke sobbing. "But maybe not just yet".
42	CryFenril	2011-04-25	He doesn't say "my Lord" though, he just says "Forgive me Lord" It is a weird way to address Ned.In any case, is there any reason for him to apologize to Ned? Will did not swear an oath to him. I can see him pleading to be forgiven before the sentence is passed, but no reason to ask for Ned's forgiveness right before he dies.I have rewatched the scene a few times, and I could swear it's a very quiet but contracted "Forgive me, m'lord" - which seems perfectly appropriate, as one would likely be asking forgiveness for one's crimes before dying.
43	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-26	I finally saw this, as I went hom for Easter and my Mum(!) taped it, so we watched it together. It's interesting to watch it with someone totally unfamiliar with the story. She has a background in medieval history so Dany being traded about like a chattel didn't seem to bother her, which I thought was interesting....Prediction: "I think it'll turn out that they have quite a good marriage" she said of Dany and Drogo at the end of the wedding scene. Cue Emilia Clarke sobbing. "But maybe not just yet".I finally watched it with my wife, and she had a similar reaction to the Dany-Drogo scene.  She has never read the books (and she doesn't have any sort of history background, she is a music teacher) but she thought Drogo was actually pretty tender with Dany.Her comment, while the scene was happening, was literally something to the effect of, "What are you crying for?  He is being pretty gentle, and he is obviously going to be way better than your brother. Just Relax!"I guess my reservations about this scene proved to be unfounded.
44	red snow	2011-04-29	Just caught up on the show (I was on holiday) and I was quite pleased with it. Some of the cast are instantly standing out for me; Arya, Theon, Viserys [almost wish they had cast the actor as someone else as he's great] and of course Tyrion. I thought Jason Momoa was being underused but hopefully that's intentional so that we can see that he is not as bad as he initially seems (the tv show is making him far leass sympathetic already).
I was worried though that people who haven't read the books may be confused though (something I found happening in later installments of the potter films). I may not notice as i can fill in the gaps with the books. As a control (ever the scientist) I asked my brother, who has never read the books what he thought. Two episodes in and he thinks it's good "a bit like Rome" and that "the dwarf is good". Seems like the show is doing things right in that respect.
My major grumble is with the intro which is excellent aside from the clockwork building of cities. I find that really irksome as to me it screams steampunk which is nothing at all like the technology present in westeros. I think this would confuse even non-fantasy readers as well. 
I'm pleased they made a biggish deal about discovering the direwolves although it was a pretty quick transition into them ageing up and two episodes in I feel they are shying away from the wolves when they can. Perfectly understandable considering they are a tricky element to film. Seeing the mother though, I'm reassured that the wolves will become more dire come season 2 /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Regarding that scene, Vicky pointed out to me that Jon Snow stops before Ghost yelps. We initially thought that was a bad editing mistake bit then I wondered if they were actually being really clever (the books clearly indicate a connection between the stark children and their direwolves). Already the show has me doing "lost-style" cover-ups for potential mistakes.
EDIT: I forgot that the actor playing Joffrey was excellent too. He's a complete an utter little shit and that's exactly how Joffrey should be. I can see his scenes being a guilty pleasure. So far the "bad guys" are definitely stealing the show for me. Can't wait for littlefinger.
					
					
							Edited by red snow, 29 April 2011 - 03:01 AM.
45	Thelonious	2011-05-01	I think Alfie Allen as Theon may prove to be inspired casting. What he lacks in terms of looks he makes up for in swagger, which is something that hadn't occurred to me when reading the books but makes perfect sense.
46	Hazl	2011-05-01	I think Alfie Allen as Theon may prove to be inspired casting. What he lacks in terms of looks he makes up for in swagger, which is something that hadn't occurred to me when reading the books but makes perfect sense.I'd love for GRRM to describe Theon in the books using the word "swagger".
47	RSasoiaf	2011-05-08	Finally got to see it all this weekend.....it was hard to get considering i found no way to get HBO around here.
Regarding the episode.....LOVE IT!!!! itÂ´s bound to be epic. WELL DONE!!!!
My only notes:
Tyrion and Arya were just over the top, altough actors were good and scenes were funny so it doesnt really hurts. It looked good!
But has others said
On Tyrion: he does not come across in the book like we see him in his first scenes. Episode 1 Tyrion is on a different level compared with book Tyrion. But its ok because as i have seen on following episodes, he seems to be getting on track.
On Arya: yeahhh, Maisie is just perfect and whatever they write she will perform a small wonder out of it. Still....i had the feelling that was not really the Arya we start with in the book. I have the fellling book Arya is a lot more shy and inside the closet to beggin with. I feel its only after facing Joff and loosing Nymeria that she really starts to go a bit more agressive towards Sansa and only after Syrio does she openly sees herself as a possible warrior. Also, the kind of passion, commitment and sacrifice she goes through in order to try and become a warrior....iÂ´m not sure people will understand that or even buy it if the show tries to go there. Because as for the show, she already started like a little warrior, very confident, a natural. Both the scene wth the bow and the food play in the banquet are a bit unrealistic considering what we know about her in the beggining. And boy, would she get in trouble if she would do that food fight on the royal banquet.....she is not the StarkÂ´s jester but a lady from a high house. But again, it looked good so let it be /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> i was pleased with seing it!
On the most often complaints:
CatÂ´s motives: IÂ´m ok with it, its a change but im ok with it. it doesnt go that far from the character and she can still get back on track and do what she will have to do.
Theon: we have time for him latter!
The crypt and the lack of info about Lyanna and the rebelion: miss it a bit but thereÂ´s still time for that also.
Sandor: no problem, i will give the guy the chance and trust he can act bad ass.
Danny/Drogo: No problem also. I understand what they are doing. I would still like to have Danny start showing her dragon blood from the 1st step, but its ok if they want to make for a more "weak girl grows strong" story ark. In reallity, DannyÂ´s book does have the power and the will to fight since the beggining, she just cant see how she should use it and she is more or less misguided by Viserys view on the universe (which is more or less the only one she has to start with). This is why she has a good first night with Drogo, why she proudly mounts her Silver, she really wants power, she really feels like being a Queen is her destiny. She may not be so sure on the path she is taking but she does want to be powerfull and she imediatelly feels somewhat attracted by DrogoÂ´s power. And by the same logic, she quickly dismisses Viserys as week as soon as she can compare him with other better examples. HBOÂ´s Danny will be a bit different but in the end will get more or less to the same place i believe. So its ok.
48	Gildenlow	2011-05-27	I just noticed...http://30.media.tumb...jp1ryo1_500.pnghttp://24.media.tumb...jp1ryo1_500.png
there's multiple Others.
					
					
							Edited by Gildenlow, 27 May 2011 - 02:33 AM.
49	litechick	2012-03-14	OK, so I'm a noob to the HBO threads and I just bought the DVD's and watched them all within the last 24 hours.  I want to jump in and discuss but I'm a year too late.  Be that as it may, these are some of the things I'm thinking about on first viewing.The lift cage at the Wall:  I like that they put it on a track rather than a hanging, swaying contraption like in the books.  I'm a little skeptical about the manpower of the lift though.  That fricken thing would be heavy and they just show one poor bastard walking a wheel to lift it.At the very least, it should be counterweighted with a load equal to the weight of the lift, leaving the operator to hoist the weight of the cargo only.  I will admit that this is the sort of thing that would only interest engineering geeks so I won't belabor the point....except to add that I'm missing the switchback stair.  It will be important later and I'm curious what they will do when the time comes.  Also, a lift on a track can't swing over to deliver Jon Snow on the North side of the wall for his fateful meeting with Mance.The flipflop of Catelyn's approval for Ned accepting the Hand job:  I'm guessing that they chose to make the TV character argue against it in order to make the Cat more likeable to the viewing audience and I don't necessarily fault them for that but someone who is deeply familiar with the book version, it's a major departure for the whole motivations and essence of the character.Ditto on Tywin gutting an animal:  I get it that they needed to communicate an air of menace immediately as the foundation of that character.  In the books George has the liberty of developing that menace without Tywin speaking a word but even for a great actor, that would be hard to pull off in a 2-3 minute scene. Nevertheless, I have that fangirl, kneejerk reaction that Lord Tywin would never do that--he would command a servant.  That detail would be entirely appropriate to the introduction of Randyl Tarly but not Lord Tywin.The First Ride:  In the commentary they delicately indicate that the actors didn't feel capable of communicating that switch of tone from brutal to romantic but it doesn't quite scan for me.  In the books, Drogo has his game face on during the public portion--seeming warlike and hard--but once he gets Dany alone he is all gentleness (albeit with the unstated fatalism that she is gonna get fucked one way or the other.)He is patient with her fears and her timid modesty.  He gives her time to transition through her emotions, come to acceptance and ultimately desire.  In real time, I'm guessing that this evolution would take at least an hour.  Realistically, that could only be done on screen with a montage and I can't blame them for not going that route.The real shift is from the first ride to the second.  Drogo is all sensitivity and consideration at first but in the books he quickly settles in to the sort of sexual dynamic with which he is more familiar and that has always seemed to me to be the disorienting and troubling part.Because the HBO version starts with rape, it throws the whole dynamic off because why is she reminding him of it in an effort to assert that intimacy and bring him back from living death?  Bah, it's interesting to discuss the differences but I can't really fault the production too much.  It's a complicated thing to communicate on screen.I'm surprised to see so much commentary on the snakes.  I easily rationalized it like this:  a bunch of allies/suck-ups are trying to out do each other giving exotic and expensive gifts;  the snakes produce some precious venom and therefore make a terrific wedding present.This post is way too long so I'll just cut off there and see if anyone wants to talk to me. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
50	opark77	2012-03-15	OK, so I'm a noob to the HBO threads and I just bought the DVD's and watched them all within the last 24 hours.  I want to jump in and discuss but I'm a year too late.  Be that as it may, these are some of the things I'm thinking about on first viewing.That must have been a mammoth viewing session if you watched all ten and the commentaries!The lift cage at the Wall:  I like that they put it on a track rather than a hanging, swaying contraption like in the books.  I'm a little skeptical about the manpower of the lift though.  That fricken thing would be heavy and they just show one poor bastard walking a wheel to lift it.At the very least, it should be counterweighted with a load equal to the weight of the lift, leaving the operator to hoist the weight of the cargo only.  I will admit that this is the sort of thing that would only interest engineering geeks so I won't belabor the point....except to add that I'm missing the switchback stair.  It will be important later and I'm curious what they will do when the time comes.  Also, a lift on a track can't swing over to deliver Jon Snow on the North side of the wall for his fateful meeting with Mance.We don't see that at all in this episode do we? You make a valid point regardless about counter weighting.Gemma Jackson (Production Designer) did a featurette on the lift design if you want to see some behind the scenes footage of it:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=wjcTf6T4cO4The flipflop of Catelyn's approval for Ned accepting the Hand job:  I'm guessing that they chose to make the TV character argue against it in order to make the Cat more likeable to the viewing audience and I don't necessarily fault them for that but someone who is deeply familiar with the book version, it's a major departure for the whole motivations and essence of the character.But you get the Angel/Devil shot with her and Luwin over Ned's shoulders out of it! I agree it is a sweeping change, however it didn't seem to affect her through the rest of the season. Why do you think she wants him to go in the book? I think her motivations in the book lie with firstly with the protection and secondly with the betterment of her family. She recalls the symbolism of the direwolf with the stag's antler in its neck signifying that she thinks Robert poses a threat to her family and concludes that Ned must not offend Robert by declining. Ned also realizes that she is keen for Sansa to become Queen one day.In the show they have dropped the secondary concern with the betterment of her family but her primary motivation is still protecting them - she has just reached a different conclusion about the dangers of the situation and the best course of action. She takes Ned's position from the book of wanting to stay in Winterfell. In the show Luwin argues alone for going south while in the book he backed her up. Having the two sides verbalize the arguments for and against the decision to go south helps to create a dynamic and dramatic moment for Eddard.Ditto on Tywin gutting an animal:  I get it that they needed to communicate an air of menace immediately as the foundation of that character.  In the books George has the liberty of developing that menace without Tywin speaking a word but even for a great actor, that would be hard to pull off in a 2-3 minute scene. Nevertheless, I have that fangirl, kneejerk reaction that Lord Tywin would never do that--he would command a servant.  That detail would be entirely appropriate to the introduction of Randyl Tarly but not Lord Tywin.I've seen this kneejerk reaction several times. I don't understand it. I thought the symbolism was fantastic and that the barely contained rage of book Tywin was well expressed by show Tywin killing and butchering a stag all on his own. It also speaks to his appreciation of well honed skills and his distaste for other people. The English gentry still go on about respect for the animals they hunt today.The First Ride:  In the commentary they delicately indicate that the actors didn't feel capable of communicating that switch of tone from brutal to romantic but it doesn't quite scan for me.  In the books, Drogo has his game face on during the public portion--seeming warlike and hard--but once he gets Dany alone he is all gentleness (albeit with the unstated fatalism that she is gonna get fucked one way or the other.)He is patient with her fears and her timid modesty.  He gives her time to transition through her emotions, come to acceptance and ultimately desire.  In real time, I'm guessing that this evolution would take at least an hour.  Realistically, that could only be done on screen with a montage and I can't blame them for not going that route.The real shift is from the first ride to the second.  Drogo is all sensitivity and consideration at first but in the books he quickly settles in to the sort of sexual dynamic with which he is more familiar and that has always seemed to me to be the disorienting and troubling part.Because the HBO version starts with rape, it throws the whole dynamic off because why is she reminding him of it in an effort to assert that intimacy and bring him back from living death?  Bah, it's interesting to discuss the differences but I can't really fault the production too much.  It's a complicated thing to communicate on screen.I agree the dynamic is altered for the show by the staging of that first scene. I think the second time we see them have sex in the show is very unlikely to be the second time they have had sex. The look of Dany in the first scene of "The Kingsroad" suggests that she is having a very difficult time of it for days / weeks. By the time she gets pregnant in "Lord Snow" she tells Irri that she has missed two periods so at least 5 weeks (and probably much longer) have passed since the wedding night.I'm surprised to see so much commentary on the snakes.  I easily rationalized it like this:  a bunch of allies/suck-ups are trying to out do each other giving exotic and expensive gifts;  the snakes produce some precious venom and therefore make a terrific wedding present.Now this was in this episode! I also didn't dwell on it either before hearing the commentary; I'm not sure I even had a rationalization.This post is way too long so I'll just cut off there and see if anyone wants to talk to me. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Breaking your thoughts down by episode instead of trying to cover the whole season in one go is probably a good way to get them into easier to discuss portions. I'm rewatching the series in anticipation of the second season and have been writing a series of blog posts at gameofthrones.wikia.com if you're interested.
51	litechick	2012-03-17	Opark, thanks for responding.That must have been a mammoth viewing session if you watched all ten and the commentaries!Yeah, I have a tendency to work with something on the TV so I just keep rolling through them while I did a soldering project. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />You are correct and my post was not strictly limited to Ep1.  I could argue that we see the lift in the opening but...still guilty.Why do you think she wants him to go in the book?I agree with your assessment of her motivations.  The point which I think gets missed by her flip flop is that she is from the south (comparatively) and she is on board with playing the Game in a way that Ned is not.  She knew he was uniquely ill-suited to play the Game but she sent him anyway--she threw him to the lions (if you'll pardon the expression) to suit her own ambition.Even as I write it out, I realize it's a petty point to nitpick but for some reason I feel like the show is candy-coating her and I would rather let her be judged with all her strengths and flaws intact.Same with Tywin.  It changes the essence of the character.  In order to understand Lannister pride you need to understand that he would never lower himself to preparing food for others (cause I don't see how he could possibly be planning on eating it all himself.)Dany/Drogo--not really worth quibbling about, it all worked out in the end.  It's just a shame that the audience missed out on that tender side of him.  I loved the way the confrontation over the slaves turned out and it goes a long way to mending the initial error.
52	Sir Cortnay Penrose	2012-05-08	Is there a forum/thread for us poor mortals who had to wait for the DVDs to watch season1 (and are now trawling the internet for comments on season 2?  I gather 
	Spoiler Sir Rodrik meets a different death than in the book...
 .
I haven't got any smart comments, except it was great.  My husband and I managed to get our daughter on board.  Her comment on Ned's death was "Poor Cat."
53	Lyonel B	2012-05-10	I was just re-watching this episode and noticed a bit of a glaring error. In an attempt to convince Ned to stay in Winterfell, Cat pleads with Ned that "your father and brother once road south on a King's demand." While Rickard was called to answer Brandon's charges, Brandon rode to KL on his own accord.
54	Distorted Humor	2012-05-18	Watched it last night - the big issue for me was that Drogo was a lot less tender with his new bride then in the books.    But I must say, the casting was amazing.
55	rmholt	2014-05-23	To treat my withdrawal watching old Eps.
Q: deserter claimed to see white walkers. But he just saw wights, right? Unless there was a WW off screen. Before that the dead wildlings were laid out in a pattern. Does that mean anything to anyone? 
Snow looked fake! Or was that just me?
56	Stuart Kerrigan	2013-06-19	Hi all,
I keep reading about how Jon Arryn was played by Sir John Standing in the pilot - but as far as I recall his only scene was a corpse. Wiki articles mention he appears in flashback only in the pilot - have I missed a scene or some such or was his scenes deleted?
57	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-06-29	that's strange... where did you read this?
58	Nordling	2013-06-30	Most likely it was deleted, along with other flashback scene from pilot showing the death of Rickard Stark and his elder son.
59	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-06-30	Most likely it was deleted, along with other flashback scene from pilot showing the death of Rickard Stark and his elder son.are you sure? are these deleted scenes available?
60	Sothoryosdragon	2014-05-04	Any word on these deleted scenes?Â
61	AlienTwo	2014-05-06	This has some relevant info...
Â 
http://gameofthrones...i/Pilot_episode
Â 
They have never released the actual pilot, and maybe never will...

					
					
							Edited by The Sad King Guybrush, 06 May 2014 - 12:49 PM.
62	CrannogXninja	2014-03-24	In episode 1, When Rob n' Ned visit Lyannas tomb, there's a feather in her hand. Its Black and red. 
AKA 
Fire and blood.
Anyone notice this??
63	ChrisJM89	2014-04-02	Surprised, no one has commented on this. I've seen it. A very good spot. Black and red in the middle with a white outline. Had to youtube it to make sure.

					
					
							Edited by ChrisJM89, 02 April 2014 - 02:53 PM.
64	JonCon's Red Beard	2014-04-02	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=geye-7d5RM8
65	Bishop437	2011-04-17	Here there be spoilers. If you have not read this book you shouldn't be reading this
I thought a few thing that they changed were interesting. First thing is it seems "the Others" will be refered to as "the White Walkers". I like the move for television because viewers may not pick up on just who "the Others" are. Easy enough. They changed the way the epiloge resolves although it doesn't matter very much. Royce still dies but without putting up a fight. The wrong ranger survived the encounter with "the Others" as it was the older more grizzeled man who was beheaded by Eddard in the snow. I noticed that some of the things I would have expected to happen when "the White Walkers" appeared didn't happen. It didn't get noticely colder. There seemed to be only one. And they actually let the young ranger live which I think is out of charecter for them. They hate the living and doubt very much that they would have let him go to serve as a warning to the Wall or the Seven Kingdoms. But as I said it changes nothing really. I wonder why they left out the coldness that travels with them or that they only appear in the night but I still found it to be very well done. I didn't mind the pace of the show really. Alot of things have to happen in each episode and I expect things to move right along. It actually makes me think that because of the way things are moving I think Its entirely possible that Ned may only be in ... 3... mabey 4 episodes before his card gets punched. So much has still got to happen!
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 18 April 2011 - 01:15 AM.
66	KyleLitke	2011-04-18	Here there be spoilers. If you have not read this book you shouldn't be reading thisI thought a few thing that they changed were interesting. First thing is it seems "the Others" will be refered to as "the White Walkers". I like the move for television because viewers may not pick up on just who "the Others" are. Easy enough. They changed the way the epiloge resolves although it doesn't matter very much. Royce still dies but without putting up a fight. The wrong ranger survived the encounter with "the Others" as it was the older more grizzeled man who was beheaded by Eddard in the snow. I noticed that some of the things I would have expected to happen when "the White Walkers" appeared didn't happen. It didn't get noticely colder. There seemed to be only one. And they actually let the young ranger live which I think is out of charecter for them. They hate the living and doubt very much that they would have let him go to serve as a warning to the Wall or the Seven Kingdoms. But as I said it changes nothing really. I wonder why they left out the coldness that travels with them or that they only appear in the night but I still found it to be very well done. I didn't mind the pace of the show really. Alot of things have to happen in each episode and I expect things to move right along. It actually makes me think that because of the way things are moving I think Its entirely possible that Ned may only be in ... 3... mabey 4 episodes before his card gets punched. So much has still got to happen!As far as Ned goes, I'm not sure if there are 8 or 10 episodes in this season...I doubt Ned dies in the final episode, maybe not even in the second to last, but it wouldn't be as early as 3 or 4. There's actually not all that much going on after Ned dies in the first book. A bit, enough for at least one episode and probably 2, but I don't think any more than that.As far as the Others, I'd bet it's due to Lost. The "bad guys" in Lost were called The Others. Doesn't matter to most people if the books came out first or not, people will see it as a ripoff if they're continuously called that. I'm just speculating there but I'd bet that's a big reason why they're calling them the White Walkers.
67	TheKassi	2011-04-18	Honestly I am nothing short of ridiculously impressed over how much of the core plot remains unaltered. If I compare it to other translations I have seen in the past several years, such as The Dresden Files or Sword of Truth, and I am astounded of the quality of the reproduction. The show will not be perfect, I would guess as time goes inconsistencies will build upon inconsistencies, but heck after watching tonight  I would not be surprised if I am proven dead wrong.
 Hope HBO picks up more books.
68	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	I don't think Ned loses his head in 3 or 4 episodes. Once Eddard bites the dust there's only enough for one episode really.  You have the King of the North part,Sansa's ending and Dany with the fire. so he'll probably be dead around episode 9.
69	ingsve	2011-04-18	As far as I can tell Eddards death is the cliffhanger for the 9th episode.
70	ingsve	2011-04-18	As for things that were left out then the presenting of the three weapons to Dany who refuses them and gives them to Drogo instead was left out. That makes sense though since not all the bloodriders are cast and also it removes the fact that Dany had memorized the custom of refusing the weapons. Not having that scene makes her look even more uneasy and out of place at the wedding. Having her actually partake in a ritual like that would have made the tone different. They also didn't present her handmaidens to her but that would have just added more characters to introduce and it makes sense to spread things like that out a bit.
As for things that were added I think it all made good sense. I think they might have overdone it a bit with the nudity since some people seem to think it was a bit too much. They could easily have covered a few more of them up just so that it wasn't so blatant. It would have been enough to show Ros and Dany I think.
71	reiver	2011-04-18	A few things i noticed changed:
Ned's speech to Bran about bravery and about how a person who deserts is dangerous (which ties in to Osha's intro).
Jon dropping "trueborn" when he says a pup for each of your children. 
Robb snapping at Theon which seems to put them at odds earlier and also the way it hinted toward Theon's loyalty being more to Ned. Made them seem less brotherly. 
No nipple twisting from Viserys which, combined with making Dany naked vs. the book, changed the tone of his abuse of her.
Ned said "she was my sister" rather than she was a Stark when Robert complains about burying her in the crypt. Also ned doesn't mention that he was with her when she died. 
Robert says "in my dreams i kill him every night" which is odd as it's not clear who "he" is or why Robert is saying this. Admittedly Ned's next line makes it clearer ("the targaryens are gone") but the books line of "I vowed to kill Rhaegar for what he did to her" seems to me a lot better. Even if they replaced Rhaegar for the more nebulous "him" it would make the scene and what it's trying to convey clearer for newcomers, giving a bit of history and motivation for only a few words more. The link to Dany works quite well and could still be included ie:
R:"I vowed to kill him for what he did to her"
N:"You did" 
R:"Only once! In my dreams i kill him every night." 
then *as in the show*
I know it's a bit nitpicky but hell it's the internet and this is one of my favourite scenes in the book and one of the most significant in the whole series as it sets up so much and conveys so much info. I love the "only once" line and it saddens me that this was cut. That the scene ended up bookending the horrible Tyrion and his whores scene only rubs salt in the wounds. Chopping up this section is bad enough but it also is very clear what the lines of dialogue were chopped to include. Yay for nipples. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Any time anyone talks about the difficulty of getting through 80 pages in one episode they need to look at that utterly extraneous excuse for nudity. I see no problem with tyrion being introed as he was in the book or at least a combo of that and the Arya talking about the imp. 
No wick dipping or hand shitting /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
I missed the conversation Bran overhears as it has some nice backstory and a false trail over the death of Jon Arryn although i suppose that the added Cersei Jaime scene in KL covered some of that.
Other than the one i went into detail on i didn't really have too many complaints about the adaptation. It hit most of the beats i wanted it to (ie. "all dwarves are bastards in their father's eyes") and the additions worked out well. The scene between Catelyn and Cersei was gold and one of my favourite bits from the episode. Catelyn's look when Cersei makes the sweet but obviously calculated barbed remark about Sansa making her dress sold me on Michelle Fairley.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 18 April 2011 - 09:12 AM.
72	gumby	2011-04-18	So the king just decided to say 'fuck my house'?  Every banner in the kings party was Lannister and not one banner was Baratheon.  This is probably going to confuse a lot of people with no point of reference and the thought that Robert would be soooo whipped by Cersei that he wouldn't even have one banner that represents his house is kinda of infuriating.  The 'No' scene was great until they left out Dany saying "Yes'.
73	Tobin	2011-04-18	The 'No' scene was great until they left out Dany saying "Yes'.Yeah, I had to explain that one to my guests who hadn't read the books. The way the scene is cut it implys that he rapes her - but he really doesn't. After I explained what was missing, my friends were a bit easier with it (I had told them this wasn't their normal fantasy show, but I think they underestimated how different).Watching the show play out - you realilze just how much subtext is included in the books.
74	Social Justice Bass	2011-04-18	No nipple twisting from Viserys which, combined with making Dany naked vs. the book, changed the tone of his abuse of her.That was one of the very few things that I thought felt "off". I like the Viserys we see in the show, but he really needs to be more unstable and temperamental. It's part of what made him so unpleasant.
75	Huan	2011-04-18	I missed Ghost in the scene between Jon and Tyrion. Sounds like they're using the direwolves less in the show due to training issues, but hopefully they'll show Ghost going with Jon to the Wall and presumably Nymeria will put in a much-needed appearance in the next episode.
76	juicy b0nes	2011-04-18	That was one of the very few things that I thought felt "off". I like the Viserys we see in the show, but he really needs to be more unstable and temperamental. It's part of what made him so unpleasant.I totally agree. When reading the books, Viserys always seemed unpredictable in that you never knew the next cruel or stupid thing he would do next. Nipple twisting ftw!
77	snookyrump	2011-04-18	Ned's big chapter looks to be #7: "You Win or You Die"
78	Huan	2011-04-18	I totally agree. When reading the books, Viserys always seemed unpredictable in that you never knew the next cruel or stupid thing he would do next. Nipple twisting ftw!I was totally dreading actually seeing nipple twisting and much preferred to see him touch her breast. That was creepy enough for TV.
79	juicy b0nes	2011-04-18	I was totally dreading actually seeing nipple twisting and much preferred to see him touch her breast. That was creepy enough for TV.Both are creepy, however nipple twisting implies (assumed) control, while touching of breast implies that he just wants to hook up with his sister. I did get the sense that he is both attracted to Dany and his need to control her at the same time, which is good. I just think that the nipple twist would have shown the pathetic attempt to find any sort of power over anyone..
80	alguien	2011-04-18	So there were a couple minor changes that made me wonder a few things. 
What was up with the feather that Robert put into Lyanna's statue's hand?  Was that just something the writers threw in to give the show a little ambiance, or was it some memorial of a time that Robert and Lyanna went hawking or something?
Sean Bean had a lot of prolific scars on his chest.  Was this merely to show how much of a hardened warrior he was or could they be scars from a certain duel at the Tower of Joy?
Why were the wildling bodies arraigned with a circle slash?  Another addition to up the creepy factor (it worked) or do the Others have some kind of symbolic magic they wanted to work? 
Nothing major and I'm think they're good either way.  But some of the changes make me wonder, do the creators of the show do them based on info given by GRRM?  Or is it just adaptation changes? 
In any event, LOVED the first episode.  Great stuff!
81	Rattle Pants	2011-04-18	Quite well done. Loved the majority of the added scenes. Shifting Cersei's and Jaime's conspiring from the love scene to KL was brilliant I thought. Gave it better pacing. Though I too got the totally wrong vibe from the "No" scene. I'm wondering if they're setting up Drogo to be less sympathetic. Because I'm not sure how they'll show Dany's growing affection for him later on after this scene.
82	Winterfelled	2011-04-18	I actually prefer the TV version of the "No" scene. I didn't particularly buy that Dany would go from being scared and humiliated to willingly spreading her legs for this horselord at the first glimmer of humanity in him. This change makes it a bit more realistic, and it doesn't hurt anything going forward. Even if their relationship is portrayed as more of a captive/captor (which, in reality, it is), it doesn't preclude her from falling in love with him.
I was very impressed overall with the episode. I thought they were faithful in all the right places, and their cuts thusfar seem to be for the best.
83	Trebla	2011-04-18	I was expecting the "nipple twist" but wasn't bothered by the lack of it. I thought Harry Lloyd's performance conveyed that Viserys isn't all there. Just his mannerisms portrayed an "off" feeling. He switches from doting brother when he brought her the fabric to creepy as he disrobed her. Plus, his comment that he'd let 40,000 Dothraki have Dany for his throne showed he was cruel.
I also liked his face when Illyrio presented Dany with the dragon eggs. He looked like a child with his feelings hurt.
84	Snow White	2011-04-18	I missed the nipple twist, but really just because I was expecting it. The GF hasn't read the books, and she got the proper "this guy is creep" vibe.Tyrion's 'banquet' seemed odd to me, but it does establish his proclivities from jump. The drawback is that, since it's not made clear that they're whores (combined with Peter's good looks,) it undermines his 'ugly dwarf who thinks he has to pay for sex' hangup. The Ranger sinking to his knees in front of the Other White Walker was a big mistake. Lots of people (The GF included) thought that meant he was done for, and didn't connect him with the Ranger who showed up south of the Wall.
85	Dremora	2011-04-18	Glad I'm not the only one who thought it seemed more like rape than in the book.
86	reiver	2011-04-18	Tyrion's 'banquet' seemed odd to me, but it does establish his proclivities from jump. The drawback is that, since it's not made clear that they're whores (combined with Peter's good looks,) it undermines his 'ugly dwarf who thinks he has to pay for sex' hangup. It was mentioned that it was a whorehouse when Jaime came in. Something along the lines of "do you not know what a closed door in a brothel means?". I agree it didn't come across well and really did nothing more than establish his proclivities with none of the motivation or self-loathing that goes along with it. It's a really poor scene and i don't get why it was added let alone when.
87	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Tyrion's 'banquet' seemed odd to me, but it does establish his proclivities from jump. The drawback is that, since it's not made clear that they're whores (combined with Peter's good looks,) it undermines his 'ugly dwarf who thinks he has to pay for sex' hangup.Unless one thinks that it's common to sleep with normal girls in whorehouses they did make it perfectly clear.
88	Xenophon	2011-04-18	It was mentioned that it was a whorehouse when Jaime came in. Something along the lines of "do you not know what a closed door in a brothel means?". I agree it didn't come across well and really did nothing more than establish his proclivities with none of the motivation or self-loathing that goes along with it. It's a really poor scene and i don't get why it was added let alone when.Yes, his one-liner that being the Queen's brother was his greatest accomplishment was a much better introduction to the character than that whorehouse scene.
89	russjass	2011-04-18	Okay, so I thought it was good, well done within the scope of what they could do. We are always going to miss the internal dialogue. 
Couple of things felt off, and one I may be completely mistaken about. Maester Luwin and Catelyn seem to have changed places when discussing Ned going south. In the book I remember (and this is what I may be wrong about) Maester Luwin was taking the "There must be a Stark in Winterfell" line, while Catelyn was urging him to go sout first to gain advantage for himself and a better place for her children in the future, and after Lyssas letter to discover what the Lannisters were up to, although mainly to prevent any harm to her children. I felt that this established what a hard faced bitch she could be when it came to protecting the kids, and led into what she was willing to do later. Seemed more like a scared woman this way.
The "Things I do for love" scene was good, but didnt feel quite right. Jaime seemed happy to throw Bran off, like it was nothing. Whereas in the book he says it with revulsion when he looks at Cersei, setting up the love/hate relationship we now know it really is, and also paving the way for the character development we see in book three. I realise that this is easier to show in a book than on TV, but still, could have been better.
Other than that, agree with a lot of what has already been said, tyrions whores and danys rape, change the tone slightly. There is no real showing yet of what Tyrion really is.
90	cybroleach	2011-04-18	Well I watched it last night with two friends from work, one has read the books and enjoyed it but felt there wasn't enough 'hook' elements in the episode to draw in a new audience epically with so much character jumping, my other friend was new to the series and found alot of it boring, he did find it shocking with the Bran ending. I personally felt HBO messed up with a 1hr premier rather than going for a 2hr shot to really get it off to a bang, and had to agree about the slow pacing. Also the one change I really didn't care for is Will's escape from the WW, it just lets him go as he's cryin on his knees vs the fact that Gared rode away like a bat outta hell to escape. Still very impressive though
.
91	cybroleach	2011-04-18	double post
					
					
							Edited by cybroleach, 18 April 2011 - 12:59 PM.
92	Slyfinger	2011-04-18	One nitpick.
When they come across the direwolves and Jon doesn't tell Theon, "I think not, Greyjoy. This one is mine." when he finds Ghost.
Other than that, awesomeness.
93	Russ Snow	2011-04-18	I thought it was good! But one thing I didn't like was the the fact the entire dothroki wedding and stuff took place beside the ocean... Which they called poison water, they hate the ocean, makes no since why they wld be by it.
94	Xenophon	2011-04-18	I thought it was good! But one thing I didn't like was the the fact the entire dothroki wedding and stuff took place beside the ocean... Which they called poison water, they hate the ocean, makes no since why they wld be by it.Yeah, I wondered about that too.  I'm guessing they did it so they could point the camera out to sea to hide the fact that there were only around 50 people at the wedding.
95	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Yeah, I wondered about that too.  I'm guessing they did it so they could point the camera out to sea to hide the fact that there were only around 50 people at the wedding.One part of it was that they wanted a visually beautiful setting and they felt this did the trick better than a grassy plain. As for explanations, the part of the Dothraki not even wanting to go near the sea is unimportant to the plot. Such detailed criticism will pick the entire show apart.
96	reiver	2011-04-18	I had thought they would shoot the whole wedding at night. It masks the numbers involved better, the dancing wouldn't have looked so... wrong against bonfires and nothing says fierce warrior culture like the darkness and fire.
97	alguien	2011-04-18	One nitpick.When they come across the direwolves and Jon doesn't tell Theon, "I think not, Greyjoy. This one is mine." when he finds Ghost.I was hoping for that line too.  It was interesting how Theon told Robb "I take orders from your father, not from you."  Different than the friendship they seemed to have in the books.
98	dylan	2011-04-18	First of all I loved the first episode, I do agree that it didnt have enough of a hook for new viewers like my dad. He found it a bit confusing. I thought they should have added more of the scene where Jon and Tyrion first meet and talk as it is one of the best scenes in the series and it portrays more of Tyrion that wasnt shown in the episode. Master Luwin wasn't wearing a masters chain too. My dad at the end said he was a little disturbed with what I'm reading which i thought was pretty funny.
99	morbiczer	2011-04-18	Maester Luwin seems to wear no chain. I wonder why they left that out.
100	lacuna	2011-04-18	[...]Why were the wildling bodies arraigned with a circle slash?  Another addition to up the creepy factor (it worked) or do the Others have some kind of symbolic magic they wanted to work? [...]It's the Danish A, a one-letter word meaning "island", slightly askew.Or the Greek letter Phi, liberally interpreted as taken from the classic "Fee-Phi-fo-fum. I smell the blood of an Englishman; Be he alive or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread!"That's my story, and I'm sticking to it.
101	Huan	2011-04-18	Maester Luwin seems to wear no chain. I wonder why they left that out.It looks like he's wearing a large-link chain that dips down to his waist or so...
102	Russ Snow	2011-04-18	One part of it was that they wanted a visually beautiful setting and they felt this did the trick better than a grassy plain. As for explanations, the part of the Dothraki not even wanting to go near the sea is unimportant to the plot. Such detailed criticism will pick the entire show apart.I hear ya, not trying to pick it apart just throwing in my two cents, and I think it important because a little later in GOT drogo won't take dany across the narrow sea because of the water and it's core to the dothraki beliefs, I just thought it was off is all, just like the whole time I was wishing the direwolfs were in it more...
103	Elrick	2011-04-18	None of the changes they made bothers me that much mainly because I look at this series as some what removed in someways from the books. Its just that I feel if you want everything to happen the same way in the shows as the books your just going to be disappointed and will never enjoy the show for what its worth. At least in my opinion.
104	reiver	2011-04-18	I don't think anyone here is claiming that they want everything to be identical to the books, no-one is deluded enough to think that everything will survive a change of medium. This thread, at least as i judged it and it's how i structured my first reply, is about the differences more from curiosity than trying to hold the show to account. Obviously people are going to have opinions on how well the changes work and whether something is lost or added. For me it's a mixed bag. Some changes like Sansa scene and Cersei+Catelyn add to the show and the characterisation. Others, such as the Brothel scene weaken the show and make it seem puerile rather than adult. What i liked i think i'd like despite the books and same with what i disliked.
105	Elrick	2011-04-18	I don't think anyone here is claiming that they want everything to be identical to the books, no-one is deluded enough to think that everything will survive a change of medium. This thread, at least as i judged it and it's how i structured my first reply, is about the differences more from curiosity than trying to hold the show to account. Obviously people are going to have opinions on how well the changes work and whether something is lost or added. For me it's a mixed bag. Some changes like Sansa scene and Cersei+Catelyn add to the show and the characterisation. Others, such as the Brothel scene weaken the show and make it seem puerile rather than adult. What i liked i think i'd like despite the books and same with what i disliked.Well one thing I liked is I got to see more character interaction that I didn't see in the books. For example the way Jaime and Cersei talked to each other in the beginning. This was good and important because you saw some but not a lot in the first book.
106	Bastard of Godsgrace	2011-04-18	Just finished watching it on Polish HBO. As for discussions of "rape scene", well, based on comments here, I was expecting something decidedly more brutal and explicit. At the first moment I thought it was censored on Polish TV (such shit does happen here from time to time), but after reading more of the threads I saw it probably wasn't. Having Drogo repeat "no", without Dany saying "yes" was somewhat confusing, and after consideration I admit it did make the whole scene more like rape than in the books.
Also, am I the only one who thinks the final scene was disappointing? It was one of the most dramatic scenes in the books and here, blah. Jamie just pushes Bran and that is all. Decidedly anticlimactic.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Godsgrace, 18 April 2011 - 04:38 PM.
107	The Bastard King	2011-04-18	As far as Ned goes, I'm not sure if there are 8 or 10 episodes in this season...I doubt Ned dies in the final episode, maybe not even in the second to last, but it wouldn't be as early as 3 or 4. There's actually not all that much going on after Ned dies in the first book. A bit, enough for at least one episode and probably 2, but I don't think any more than that.As far as the Others, I'd bet it's due to Lost. The "bad guys" in Lost were called The Others. Doesn't matter to most people if the books came out first or not, people will see it as a ripoff if they're continuously called that. I'm just speculating there but I'd bet that's a big reason why they're calling them the White Walkers.I'm thinking Ned attempts to take control of King's Landing at the end of episode 8. He's executed in episode 9 and all of the aftermath in the last episode.
108	ingsve	2011-04-18	First of all I loved the first episode, I do agree that it didnt have enough of a hook for new viewers like my dad. He found it a bit confusing. I thought they should have added more of the scene where Jon and Tyrion first meet and talk as it is one of the best scenes in the series and it portrays more of Tyrion that wasnt shown in the episode. Master Luwin wasn't wearing a masters chain too. My dad at the end said he was a little disturbed with what I'm reading which i thought was pretty funny.Maester Luwin was wearing his chain. You can clearly see it when he brings Cat the letter from Lysa. It's not a short collar around his neck or anything like that but rather a very long chain that goes all the way down to his waist.
109	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	I thought it was good! But one thing I didn't like was the the fact the entire dothroki wedding and stuff took place beside the ocean... Which they called poison water, they hate the ocean, makes no since why they wld be by it.In the novel, Drogo does take possession of Illyrio's manse during his wedding.  that presumably DOES have a view of the sea as Pentos is a port.  But in truth, it mostly had to do with them not having the budget to costume, feed and pay 40,000 Dothraki extras.
110	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	I hear ya, not trying to pick it apart just throwing in my two cents, and I think it important because a little later in GOT drogo won't take dany across the narrow sea because of the water and it's core to the dothraki beliefs, I just thought it was off is all, just like the whole time I was wishing the direwolfs were in it more...I didn't intend my words to be that much of a criticism towards what you said, I meant it more as a friendly warning. That they don't want to sail is a part that I hope they still have included (and I think so because Drogo changes his mind due to a pretty significant plot event) but they can still refuse to sail on the sea while still accepting to be near the shore on land.
111	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	In the novel, Drogo does take possession of Illyrio's manse during his wedding.  that presumably DOES have a view of the sea as Pentos is a port.  But in truth, it mostly had to do with them not having the budget to costume, feed and pay 40,000 Dothraki extras.Khal Drogo has his own manse in Pentos in the novel. A gift to make sure the Dothraki don't try to attack the city.
112	Mandurang	2011-04-18	One of the visually thematic complaints I have is that the Dothraki, with the exception of Drogo, looked more like Picts or Woads to me than the Eurasian equestrian nomads of real-life history I had in my mind. That is not to say that Dothraki can't look like that in the world of Westeros, I just had pictured them a little bit differently. A very slight complaint and one I'm guessing most people will not pick up, but still is there. 
Also, I thought the inclusion of Robert's flirting with and fondling the serving girls at the feast in Winterfell was a little jarring at first. Why Cersei, who slammed her drinking horn in his face for not apologizing to her the day after for hurting her in bed, and who got up and left the table when the king yelled at her in another occasion, would just sit there and look while Robert fooled around with a serving wench seemed completely out of character to me. Until I realized, that is, that first-time viewers do not have the luxury of being presented with the backstory and POVs like the rest of us who read the books, so I guess it kind of makes sense. You can't have everything. 
The same was true for Tyrion's introductory scene. First-time viewers cannot get the story with Tysha in the detail we got it, so some sort of introduction is required. Too bad the tone it sets for Tyrion is a little off the mark, in my opinion. 
However, it was a good representation of the novels. My socks were not blown off, but I reserve the right to be amazed in the future.
113	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	One of the visually thematic complaints I have is that the Dothraki, with the exception of Drogo, looked more like Picts or Woads to me than the Eurasian equestrian nomads of real-life history I had in my mind. That is not to say that Dothraki can't look like that in the world of Westeros, I just had pictured them a little bit differently. A very slight complaint and one I'm guessing most people will not pick up, but still is there.I'm far from an expert of the Eurasian nomads but did that really include copper-skinned people? That's the skin color the Dothraki were said to have and I always took them as being inspired both by the Mongols and the North American Indians.
114	Mandurang	2011-04-18	I'm far from an expert of the Eurasian nomads but did that really include copper-skinned people? That's the skin color the Dothraki were said to have and I always took them as being inspired both by the Mongols and the North American Indians.I'm far from an expert myself, but the prevalent theory is that the two phyla are related since the Americas were first settled by humans from Asia crossing the Bering land bridge. And I believe, that certain Mongol or Turkic tribes did indeed exhibit such traits as the skin color Dothraki are said to have.
115	Snow White	2011-04-18	It was mentioned that it was a whorehouse when Jaime came in. Something along the lines of "do you not know what a closed door in a brothel means?". I agree it didn't come across well and really did nothing more than establish his proclivities with none of the motivation or self-loathing that goes along with it. It's a really poor scene and i don't get why it was added let alone when.Yes, it is mentioned but just that once. And Jaimie brings additional girls into the whorehouse? And Winterfell has a whorehouse? That really doesn't look like a whorehouse?I've got a suspicion this was a last minute (or at least very late) addition.Another small complaint was the Wheelhouse. It looks like a gaudy coach-and-four. I know they have a budget, and it's really not important, but I had heard rumors of some kind of large contraption that made me think it was going to be more impressive.
					
					
							Edited by Snow White, 18 April 2011 - 07:05 PM.
116	Skittles	2011-04-18	I'm thinking Ned attempts to take control of King's Landing at the end of episode 8. He's executed in episode 9 and all of the aftermath in the last episode.Perhaps I'm misinformed...but I thought Sean Bean was only going to be in two episodes. We saw one so... either the information I heard is absurdly off, or the show makers are going to have to be very, very creative?
117	Mandurang	2011-04-18	Perhaps I'm misinformed...but I thought Sean Bean was only going to be in two episodes. We saw one so... either the information I heard is absurdly off, or the show makers are going to have to be very, very creative?I really don't see that happening. Probably your information is way off.
118	Aoife	2011-04-18	Absurdly off, I believe. If you got that from IMDb, I really wouldn't rely on it. If nothing else, we know he's in the next episode based on previews, and he virtually has to be in at least one towards the end of the series, so....
Just thinking here about Ned:
	Spoiler 
Ep 1, we've seen.
Ep 2, we have previews for.
The rest: we've seen scenes of him confronting Cersei, talking to Arya, fighting with Jaime & co, talking to Littlefinger (and, in fact, also meeting with Cat as a result of LF), talking to Varys, talking to Renly, fighting with Robert as part of the Council, opening the book Jon Arryn'd been reading, and I'd be very surprised if they didn't actually show him during his last episode, so... yeah, there's virtually no way all of that could be condensed even into one single, third episode for him to appear in. 

Definitely more than 2, and probably the bulk of the episodes this season. I'd be surprised if there were many at all without him.
119	Skittles	2011-04-18	Actually, I read it somewhere on this forum... but even when I read it, it seemed like it would be too hard to accomplish.
120	Eponine	2011-04-18	Another small complaint was the Wheelhouse. It looks like a gaudy coach-and-four. I know they have a budget, and it's really not important, but I had heard rumors of some kind of large contraption that made me think it was going to be more impressive.In the book, the wheelhouse is double-decked and pulled by forty draft horses. Probably could have been more impressive, but I think that following the literal description would have made the thing look ridiculous.
121	Snow White	2011-04-18	In the book, the wheelhouse is double-decked and pulled by forty draft horses. Probably could have been more impressive, but I think that following the literal description would have made the thing look ridiculous.No doubt. I wasn't expecting it to match the book exactly. I just figured something a bit more impressive than a coach. Still, if they're going to make budget that's the sort of thing I'm fine with them dialing down.
122	CryFenril	2011-04-18	As enthusiastic as I am about the show so far, I was very disappointed in the Dothraki. No rings in the drooping moustachios (hardly any mustaches at all, comparatively speaking!), more like a hodge-podge of barbaric peoples than a single consolidated group. I, too, envisioned them much like Mongols or Huns, not like the remains of a diaspora.
123	Trebla	2011-04-18	And no tinkly boys! That's gonna take away one of Strong Belwas' iconic lines!
124	dylan	2011-04-18	Maester Luwin was wearing his chain. You can clearly see it when he brings Cat the letter from Lysa. It's not a short collar around his neck or anything like that but rather a very long chain that goes all the way down to his waist.Oh i didnt notice that. I wonder why they made his chain so long instead. To me the fact that the masters had the size of chains they did showed me something about them. For example  now are they going to have master pyrcell( check spelling) chain even longer or the same size
125	CryFenril	2011-04-18	Pycelle's chain is often described as "ponderous", with many more gold and silver links (along with gemstones) than lesser metals. Treatment will be interesting indeed!
126	Huan	2011-04-18	And no tinkly boys! That's gonna take away one of Strong Belwas' iconic lines!"They jingle when they die."  I thought I heard bells tinkling in Khal Drogo and Dany's consummation scene. Will have to re-watch to check.
127	Inglorious Pencil	2011-04-18	Yes, it is mentioned but just that once. And Jaimie brings additional girls into the whorehouse? And Winterfell has a whorehouse? That really doesn't look like a whorehouse?I've got a suspicion this was a last minute (or at least very late) addition.If I remember correctly, that scene was in the very first script that leaked for the pilot, except that it was set in King's Landing and Jaime went to summon Tyrion because they had to begin their trip north. Apparently they wanted to delay Tyrion's appearance as much as possible, though yeah, the details of it are a bit murky - I don't think there's a brothel in Winterfell, I guess we are supposed to assume it's someplace down the kingsroad or in a nearby village. Also I thought the other girls were from the whorehouse as well? Except that Tyrion only hired one and Jaime eventually paid for the rest so his lil' bro would be done quicker.
128	arya_underfoot	2011-04-18	What's up with Jaime's accent? It sounds wierd and out of place.Anyway, Catelyn's character has been portrayed very differently to what I would've expected, and what's in the books. In the books, I thought she was very ambitious, and was keen for her children to go to King's Landing, and for Sansa to wed into the royal family. I think she even said something along of lines of Ned deserving the promotion to Hand and the associated prestige/glory etc...None of that comes across. Instead, she wants to stay in the North with her husband and children.I was also very disappointed that Tyrion didn't do a reverse somersault when he runs into Jon outside the dining hall.
129	Damocles	2011-04-19	It was deeply disappointing that set the tone of the Tyrion's character by jumping right in, and then exaggerating and blowing up his whoremongering. He's much more insecure in the novel, and it is in other areas that he surprises and excells. Here, he's having a gangbang with Jaime in the first twenty minutes.
130	kn32	2011-04-19	It was deeply disappointing that set the tone of the Tyrion's character by jumping right in, and then exaggerating and blowing up his whoremongering. He's much more insecure in the novel, and it is in other areas that he surprises and excells. Here, he's having a gangbang with Jaime in the first twenty minutes.This right here is my one serious complaint of the show. While it's definitely not something that would keep me from enjoying the series, it's a big blow, because Tyrion was always my favorite (after Ned kicked it, at least).In my mind, one of the key components for building Tyrion Lannister is that he has been a tortured individual, and while he looks like a monster and is surrounded by real ones within his own family, he has a good moral compass. He's also a hopeless romantic with a severely wounded heart and possessive nature. The careless orgy scene is not fitting.It's possible that I could imagine that whore house scene playing out in his youth, but it does not fit at all with the dwarf I grew to enjoy so much now at all.
131	The Direwolf	2011-04-19	I think a little too much is being read into the whorehouse scene.  I have a feeling throughout the series the insecurities of Tyrion will become quite clear and prevalent.  I think one thing the whorehouse scene did nicely that no one seems to have metioned here is establish the relationship between Jaime and Tyrion.  In the book in Tyrion's POV we see him say how Jaime is the only really family member who ever understood him and didn't make him feel bad, but we don't have a ton of interaction between the two to actually show that to be the case.  Since the show obviously can't really give us those insights from Tyrion's POV this type of scene at the very least did a decent job of showing the two brothers have a pretty good relationship despite whatever else may be going on with the Lannister family.
132	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-19	None of the changes they made bothers me that much mainly because I look at this series as some what removed in someways from the books. Its just that I feel if you want everything to happen the same way in the shows as the books your just going to be disappointed and will never enjoy the show for what its worth. At least in my opinion.I disagree. Every single adaptation so far is like that. I hoped ASOIAF was going to be diferentThey have 10 episodes for a 1.000 pages book. That is way more than most books get. They couldÂ´ve had done some things better. The great scenes from the book are poorly portrayed on screen. The prologue is important, it sets the idea that there is some horrible shit going on that no ones know about while humans play their silly power games. There was suposed to be some kind of alien inteligent race that mocks humans, not a werewolf/uruk hai head tossing hybrid who likes to decor using torn pieces of anatomy. BranÂ´s fall has absolutely no build up and has nowhere near the impact it has on the books. IMHO, that is the most impressive scene from the early part of the books and it was poorly done.They couldÂ´ve spent more focus on the relationship between the characters and the details from the book. Instead they layered the grounds for a show that, IMHO, will only focus on major political schemes and power strugle while totaly ignoring the small things. You know, Team Stark VS Team Lannisters.Just hope it changes in the next episodes and the first one was tailored like that just to catch the audience attention (less nudity and more dialogue). Im also looking to see episode 8, which was directed by GRRM.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 19 April 2011 - 06:46 AM.
133	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-19	This right here is my one serious complaint of the show. While it's definitely not something that would keep me from enjoying the series, it's a big blow, because Tyrion was always my favorite (after Ned kicked it, at least).In my mind, one of the key components for building Tyrion Lannister is that he has been a tortured individual, and while he looks like a monster and is surrounded by real ones within his own family, he has a good moral compass. He's also a hopeless romantic with a severely wounded heart and possessive nature. The careless orgy scene is not fitting.It's possible that I could imagine that whore house scene playing out in his youth, but it does not fit at all with the dwarf I grew to enjoy so much now at all.Agreed. They broke the character already.Also, the character has got to be the best looking dwarf IÂ´ve ever seen. I was expecting the oposite. I wanted to see a ugly as f=ck dwarf who limped. I mean, isnt this HBO? I thought they were the ones who could pull it of.This kind of thing (not to mention Dany and Drogo) makes me believe they will dispose of most of the characters details and just go for the whole macro Stark vs Lannister deal. Still, it was just one episode, I guess we will have to wait more.
134	Manakhkubar	2011-04-19	Just hope it changes in the next episodes and the first one was tailored like that just to catch the audience attention (less nudity and more dialogue). Im also looking to see episode 8, which was directed by GRRM._Written_ by Martin, not directed by him I hope. I agree they flattened and streamlined a lot so far - which was going to happen no matter what - but I too didn't like the trade-off of story and "fan service" ratio in EP1. However, I liked _how_ they compressed story and relationships so far. And I was positively surprised how they handled some critical scenes.
135	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Agreed. They broke the character already.Also, the character has got to be the best looking dwarf IÂ´ve ever seen. I was expecting the oposite. I wanted to see a ugly as f=ck dwarf who limped. I mean, isnt this HBO? I thought they were the ones who could pull it of.This kind of thing (not to mention Dany and Drogo) makes me believe they will dispose of most of the characters details and just go for the whole macro Stark vs Lannister deal. Still, it was just one episode, I guess we will have to wait more.I'm glad I'm not that dramatic when I watch things. We've hardly seen much of Tyrion so I find it far too early to say what they are doing with his character.By uglying him up they would probably reduce the effectiveness of his acting since such makeup covers some facial expressions etc. The fact that he's a dwarf alone makes him repulsive to most people in Westeros (thus covering all important parts) and there are future events that will be even more sad for him if he isn't ugly in every sense of the word. This is not a problem for me as the original Tyrion is still available in the book.And of course many character details will be disposed of. Martin's characters are deeper than most TV show characters even from shows where there's focus just on a few. This has a ton of characters so it should be obvious that the show will be more shallow than the book.
136	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-19	I'm glad I'm not that dramatic when I watch things. We've hardly seen much of Tyrion so I find it far too early to say what they are doing with his character.By uglying him up they would probably reduce the effectiveness of his acting since such makeup covers some facial expressions etc. The fact that he's a dwarf alone makes him repulsive to most people in Westeros (thus covering all important parts) and there are future events that will be even more sad for him if he isn't ugly in every sense of the word. This is not a problem for me as the original Tyrion is still available in the book.And of course many character details will be disposed of. Martin's characters are deeper than most TV show characters even from shows where there's focus just on a few. This has a ton of characters so it should be obvious that the show will be more shallow than the book.Yeah, but now they have 10 episodes covering 600 minutes of content. They couldÂ´ve had done it better. It can be shallow, just not that much.Anyway, that is based on one episode. Maybe they rushed things in the first episode so they could spend more time developing other parts of the story. Anyway, I still want some aditiona ressources, like some flashbacks detailing Tyrion story and the battle between Rhaegar and Robert. The great thing about the book is that it transitions extremely well from current events to past events and the characters thoughts about it. I wish they have time to explore that.
137	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Yeah, but now they have 10 episodes covering 600 minutes of content. They couldÂ´ve had done it better. It can be shallow, just not that much.Anyway, that is based on one episode. Maybe they rushed things in the first episode so they could spend more time developing other parts of the story. Anyway, I still want some aditiona ressources, like some flashbacks detailing Tyrion story and the battle between Rhaegar and Robert. The great thing about the book is that it transitions extremely well from current events to past events and the characters thoughts about it. I wish they have time to explore that.The first episode was pretty much spot on for covering 10% of the pages of the novel. Putting less into the first episode means that another episode will have to be even more rushed than this was, or that they need to cut out even more of the plot and details than they have done (making it more shallow overall, not less as you suggested). And as a side note, most episodes will be shorter than 60 minutes. Add that the opening and closing credits take some time and there's unfortunately clearly less than 600 minutes for the plot. I think you're overestimating how much time they have, both in numbers and in how long it takes to tell things.From what we've heard the first two episodes have the highest pace (out of the six that's been made available to some). Probably because they want to establish as much as possible in the beginning so the rest can play on that. As for flashbacks, I thought there would be some of those but I know a few reviewers commended the show on not doing something as cheesy as flashbacks, instead telling the story through dialog, so it doesn't seem that the first six episodes will have them.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 19 April 2011 - 08:37 AM.
138	darrylzero	2011-04-19	A few things i noticed changed:Ned's speech to Bran about bravery and about how a person who deserts is dangerous (which ties in to Osha's intro).I hope they find a way to work that in later, with Bran asking about or something, though it sure doesn't seem very likely since he's already been thrown from the tower.  Still, that's a pretty huge omission.  I feel like those would have been some of the better lines to keep.I also wish Theon had kicked the head.  Oh well.  Overall, though, very impressed.
139	Snow White	2011-04-19	In my mind, one of the key components for building Tyrion Lannister is that he has been a tortured individual, and while he looks like a monster and is surrounded by real ones within his own family, he has a good moral compass. He's also a hopeless romantic with a severely wounded heart and possessive nature. The careless orgy scene is not fitting.That's just it, it's a careless, nay joyful, orgy. All they had to do was have the new girls rush in eagerly and then draw up short when they realize what they got themselves into. Have Jaimie slap them on the ass and tell them to get to work and you've established Tyrion in the eyes of Westeros.There was suposed to be some kind of alien inteligent race that mocks humans, not a werewolf/uruk hai head tossing hybrid who likes to decor using torn pieces of anatomy.Yeah, I'm puzzled why they went in that direction. They look almost simian. And why call them "White Walkers" when they're so dark? BranÂ´s fall has absolutely no build up and has nowhere near the impact it has on the books. IMHO, that is the most impressive scene from the early part of the books and it was poorly done.I have to disagree there. The GF hasn't read the books and she was absolutely shocked by that. She wouldn't let me go to sleep until I told her if Bran lived or not.
140	Myrddin	2011-04-19	I assumed the "white walkers" title is to differentiate the show from Lost, which used The Others for their, um, other people too.
141	Abaddon	2011-04-19	That's just it, it's a careless, nay joyful, orgy. All they had to do was have the new girls rush in eagerly and then draw up short when they realize what they got themselves into. Have Jaimie slap them on the ass and tell them to get to work and you've established Tyrion in the eyes of Westeros.And ruined Jaime's and Tyrion's relationship, which would be a much bigger misstep than they made with the scene in the first place (and I didn't really like the scene).  You think Jaime would send whores in on Tyrion without warning them first?  Without giving them a very healthy purse of Lannister gold first?
142	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-19	That's just it, it's a careless, nay joyful, orgy. All they had to do was have the new girls rush in eagerly and then draw up short when they realize what they got themselves into. Have Jaimie slap them on the ass and tell them to get to work and you've established Tyrion in the eyes of Westeros.Yeah, I'm puzzled why they went in that direction. They look almost simian. And why call them "White Walkers" when they're so dark?I have to disagree there. The GF hasn't read the books and she was absolutely shocked by that. She wouldn't let me go to sleep until I told her if Bran lived or not.My wife hasn't read the books either, and she wouldn't let me so much as leave the couch until I told her if Bran was alive or not. Though it was actually pretty misleading when they showed the preview for ep2 and someone (Cat I think?) mentioned "murdering" Bran. Not sure if I like that or not. My wife also asked why they were called "White Walkers" when there was nothing white about them.
143	Snow White	2011-04-19	And ruined Jaime's and Tyrion's relationship, which would be a much bigger misstep than they made with the scene in the first place (and I didn't really like the scene).  You think Jaime would send whores in on Tyrion without warning them first?  Without giving them a very healthy purse of Lannister gold first?Fair point, but then show that.Then again, outside of his family (and the smallfolk,) a lot of that loathing seems to exist in his own head. They may be playing that angle here, but I wonder if it'll come across that way or if it'll just seem inconsistent.
144	Prince of Dinas Emrys	2011-04-19	I disliked the "whores" scene the moment I saw it, though it was certainly amusing and rather vivid. I can't seem to put my finger on precisely why I dislike it, it just feels out-of-character for Jaime (even if he did hire Tyssha for Tyrion -- or did he?), and anyway, where exactly were they?
145	Abaddon	2011-04-19	I dislike the scene because, IMHO, Tyrion is a "one woman" kind of man, even though they are whores.  Maybe they're doing this to make his later relationship (such as it is) with Shae seem more unusual, not just the way he is normally.  If that's what they are setting up, then I could see that working.
146	Eponine	2011-04-19	I dislike the scene because, IMHO, Tyrion is a "one woman" kind of man, even though they are whores.  Maybe they're doing this to make his later relationship (such as it is) with Shae seem more unusual, not just the way he is normally.  If that's what they are setting up, then I could see that working.His relationship with Shae WAS unusual. Between Tysha and Shae, it's implied that Tyrion goes through any number of whores without forming any real relationship or being dedicated to just one of them at a time. He doesn't seek out Shae as a longtime companion - he sends Bronn to find a random pretty camp follower and comments that he'd told Bronn to warn the girl he found because "there was a look the girls got in their eyes sometimes when they first beheld the lordling they'd been hired to pleasure". In other words, he's hired a lot of whores, but he falls for Shae because she's so good at faking love for him. This really wouldn't contradict the image of him cavorting with multiple whores before he meets Shae.
147	Fangus	2011-04-19	I did not see Mance Rayder at the feast. Not that I expected to.
But I loved the show. And I have been reading this forum for a while now but only today signed up. Sorry my first post wasn't a better contribution...
					
					
							Edited by Fangus, 19 April 2011 - 12:52 PM.
148	Whitering	2011-04-19	I will further add that he was with one woman before Jaime threw three more into the room.
The thing I missed most about Danny's wedding was her joy of riding Silver for the first time. We didn't get that ride here and I think it was important as it helped to earn the respect of the Dothraki.
149	reiver	2011-04-19	I can understand that aspect as they're trying to simplify Dany's character at the start to make her arc more pronounced (same with the no, no, no, yes). I hope they incorporate that scene into a later episode as part of her empowerment as i like the "given me the wind" line.
150	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	His relationship with Shae WAS unusual. Between Tysha and Shae, it's implied that Tyrion goes through any number of whores without forming any real relationship or being dedicated to just one of them at a time. He doesn't seek out Shae as a longtime companion - he sends Bronn to find a random pretty camp follower and comments that he'd told Bronn to warn the girl he found because "there was a look the girls got in their eyes sometimes when they first beheld the lordling they'd been hired to pleasure". In other words, he's hired a lot of whores, but he falls for Shae because she's so good at faking love for him. This really wouldn't contradict the image of him cavorting with multiple whores before he meets Shae.I agree with your assessment of his character. When Cersei suggests that he might joing the Night's Watch and he responds that the whores from Dorne to Casterly Rock would go begging, that seems like a joke with a lot of truth in it. They need to establish that really well because he won't be having that much chance to set that part of his character until he meets Shae, unless he has an extra stop in Mole Town
151	Abaddon	2011-04-19	Good points, Eponine.  I guess most of the time we see Tyrion he's already hooked up with Shae or celibate not by choice (traveling to/from or at the Wall, captive on the way to the Eyrie and at the Eyrie, etc).  So it didn't really seem like it was like that in the books, but as you say, it wouldn't make sense otherwise.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 19 April 2011 - 01:26 PM.
152	TheLoneliestMonk	2011-04-19	Bran was what was missing. The thing hat first got me tearing through the books was wanting to find out what had happened to bran after the fall, but the show spent the time they should have spent building bran love on arya while she really could have waited on epp 2
153	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	Bran was what was missing. The thing hat first got me tearing through the books was wanting to find out what had happened to bran after the fall, but the show spent the time they should have spent building bran love on arya while she really could have waited on epp 2Bran has four scenes where he's featured prominently, PRIOR to the fall scene:- the archery scene at the beginning- his (brief) talk with Ned after the beheading- the Direwolf discovery scene- pre-Robert's arrival climbing and interacting with CatThen, at the beginning of the final scene, he sees his father off to hunt in a very cute bit.In fact, he probably gets the most face time of any of the Stark children in the first episode.  More than enough time IMHO to build up Bran love.  The non-readers I'm aware of were properly shocked regarding Bran and are itching to know his fate.
154	Snow White	2011-04-19	Between Tysha and Shae, it's implied that Tyrion goes through any number of whores without forming any real relationship or being dedicated to just one of them at a time. He goes through any number of whores, but always serially. While he's with one (for whatever amount of time he decides is appropriate) he's very loyal, and expects the same from the whore in question. Recall the instructions he gives to Shae once he takes her on.Â<U+0093>I am a Lannister. Gold I have in plenty, and youÂ<U+0092>ll find me generous... but IÂ<U+0092>ll want more from you than what youÂ<U+0092>ve got between your legs, though IÂ<U+0092>ll want that too. YouÂ<U+0092>ll share my tent, pour my wine, laugh at my jests, rub the ache from my legs after each dayÂ<U+0092>s ride... and whether I keep you a day or a year, for so long as we are together you will take no other men into your bed.Â<U+0094>
155	Eponine	2011-04-19	We have no idea whether he's loyal when he's been with a whore in the past. 
Just because he tells Shae that she'll take no other men into her bed doesn't mean that he intended at that point to do the same. He does take her on as a personal companion as well, but the mentions of how he frequents multiple whorehouses at other times doesn't necessitate that every woman he's been with has also been a personal companion or that he's never returned to one before employing the services of the next.
156	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Yes, Bran does get the most time of the children and I think Arya gets the least amount of time since she hardly gets to speak. I'm not counting Rickon.
As for Tyrion's whores, when he takes Shae into service he is riding with an army. There won't be many quality girls around at all and even the bad-looking ones will be busy. For all we know the arrangement is just special because he doesn't want to share his whores with a hundred soldiers. In normal cases he can afford to go to the brothels that common soldiers etc can't dream of.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 19 April 2011 - 01:59 PM.
157	Abaddon	2011-04-19	In fact, he probably gets the most face time of any of the Stark children in the first episode.  More than enough time IMHO to build up Bran love.  The non-readers I'm aware of were properly shocked regarding Bran and are itching to know his fate.For that matter -- so are the readers!  It's been a long time since a A Storm Of Swords... waiting a week is nothing in comparison with that /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.Luckily, we can all enjoy watching Game Of Thrones and then it will be a relatively short wait until July 12th.
158	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	For that matter -- so are the readers!  It's been a long time since a A Storm Of Swords... waiting a week is nothing in comparison with that /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.Luckily, we can all enjoy watching Game Of Thrones and then it will be a relatively short wait until July 12th.Ha, good point!   /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
159	All-for-Joffrey	2011-04-19	I don't know if this has been mentioned yet but rather than nitpicking about minor detail changes, I would like to praise a minor addition. I like how they included a brief scene with Cat brushing Sansa's hair. In the 2nd or 3rd book when Cat is reminiscing/grieving, she reflects on how she used to like to send the maid away so she could brush Sansa's beautiful hair herself. I think the producers have a very keen eye for detail on the show, understand the nuances of the books well (well, mostly) and know what they're doing when they're changing/adding/subtracting things.
					
					
							Edited by All-for-Joffrey, 19 April 2011 - 03:58 PM.
160	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	I don't know if this has been mentioned yet but rather than nitpicking about minor detail changes, I would like to praise a minor addition. I like how they included a brief scene with Cat brushing Sansa's hair. In the 2nd or 3rd book when Cat is reminiscing/grieving, she reflects on how she used to like to send the maid away so she could brush Sansa's beautiful hair herself. I think the producers have a very keen eye for detail on the show, understand the nuances of the books well (well, mostly) and know what they're doing when they're changing/adding/subtracting things.Very well spotted. I had forgotten that part of Cat's memory reflections but when you mention it it's coming back. These are the most interesting kind of things to notice in my opinion, where they've changed things and managed to add things from the books that couldn't have been shown otherwise.
161	Snow White	2011-04-19	We have no idea whether he's loyal when he's been with a whore in the past. Just because he tells Shae that she'll take no other men into her bed doesn't mean that he intended at that point to do the same.It's not explicit, but he's quite resistant to the other whores in Shae's whorehouse hideaway. I didn't say he treats every whore like Shae, I said he appears to be loyal (exclusive might be a better word) for whatever amount of time he decides is appropriate. Clearly that's often an hour or a night. He's promiscuous, but serially. I don't know if this has been mentioned yet but rather than nitpicking about minor detail changes, I would like to praise a minor addition. I like how they included a brief scene with Cat brushing Sansa's hair. In the 2nd or 3rd book when Cat is reminiscing/grieving, she reflects on how she used to like to send the maid away so she could brush Sansa's beautiful hair herself. I think the producers have a very keen eye for detail on the show, understand the nuances of the books well (well, mostly) and know what they're doing when they're changing/adding/subtracting things.Oh, nice catch.
162	Lyri	2011-04-19	His relationship with Shae WAS unusual. Between Tysha and Shae, it's implied that Tyrion goes through any number of whores without forming any real relationship or being dedicated to just one of them at a time. He doesn't seek out Shae as a longtime companion - he sends Bronn to find a random pretty camp follower and comments that he'd told Bronn to warn the girl he found because "there was a look the girls got in their eyes sometimes when they first beheld the lordling they'd been hired to pleasure". In other words, he's hired a lot of whores, but he falls for Shae because she's so good at faking love for him. This really wouldn't contradict the image of him cavorting with multiple whores before he meets Shae.First off, a big hello to everyone. I am a newbie here and this is my first post. Tyrion is by far my favorite character, and I really wanted to jump into this discussion because I also viewed the brothel/orgy scene to be out of character for Tyrion. I would not argue against Tyrion having hired any number of prostitutes in the past, but I've always seen him as having hired one at a time. It has always seemed clear to me that Tyrion is looking for more than just a sex act from those women; he's looking to simulate intimacy with a woman. My apologies if this post comes across as a little psych 101-ish. Most of Tyrion's life seems to have been devoid of true intimacy, growing up without a mother, with a father who is ashamed and contemptuous of him and a sister who is disgusted by him. He is not only a dwarf, he is also butt-ugly. Even backed by Lannister gold, I doubt he's spent much, if any time wooing noble daughters, flirting or pursuing a normal, healthy relationship. I imagine Sansa's reaction to him is probably pretty par for his course. So what's a rich, ugly dwarf to do? Use that Lannister gold to pay prostitutes to play the part- not just sex, but the whole "be there for me when I come home, ask me how my day was, wifely act." And I imagine he's done it again and again, almost a fetish in a way. So anyways, without going on ad nauseum, you probably get where I'm coming from and how I'm reading Tyrion. Seeing the HBO show throw a gaggle of whores at Tyrion made me a little sad to realize how darn much of his depth and nuance is going to go awol in the show. Particularly since that was Tyrion's intro to the TV audience. I've read a number of reviews that basically assumed Tyrion was the "drunk, lecherous whoremonger" who will be there to provide comic relief. *cry* Tyrion is much more about pathos than comedy, and I'm hoping that gets developed. Thanks for letting me ramble. Carry on /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
163	RemitMan	2011-04-19	Very, very nice overall. Even with all the nudity, I still think that there was more in the book (ie. Catelyn).
I kind of wish that Catelyn was still the one that convinces Eddard to go south.
Also, I'm really disappointed that Drogo wasn't gentle and kind with Dany.http://asoiaf.ovrnit...thrones-s01e01/
164	slweal	2011-04-19	Is it just me or was the scene with Cersei and Jaime at Jon Arryn's funeral (thing) discussing what he knew added?
I love Lend Headey but I still don't see her as Cersei.
165	reiver	2011-04-20	That scene was added but i think at least some of the dialogue was taken from the scene in the tower that Bran overhears just before his fall. 
I admit i was unsold on her as Cersei: her features are too masculine for the soft looking Cersei and she always projects a confidence which is at odds to the book description of her looking vulnerable. In short i think she looks too much like cersei would like to be (well without the cock). That said i liked what i've seen and although it'll be different i've got no qualms about her beauty. She is an absolutely stunning woman.
166	A'shaman	2011-04-20	No Mance Radyar at the feast /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
167	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-20	No Mance Radyar at the feast /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />we don't know that, I am sure we didn't see everyone at the feast. He wasn't pointed out as being there in the books either, until he told Jon about it, so I wouldn't use that as an example of something left out.
168	usul	2011-04-20	yeah but we know there've been a singer at the feast ! there were also jon in it ... so it's not illogical if one is not that the other neither ...
169	Kaitscralt	2011-04-20	I found the episode very well done. Bran was not as adept and graceful at climbing as the books described but a real little kid did the best he could I suppose.
Also, the Dothraki wedding seemed very toned down and almost silly with just a couple people tussling. I imagine the recasting of Daenerys severely messed up the budget of this scene -- I heard it had to be redone on a lesser scale -- but I could be mistaken.
170	Fangus	2011-04-20	we don't know that, I am sure we didn't see everyone at the feast. He wasn't pointed out as being there in the books either, until he told Jon about it, so I wouldn't use that as an example of something left out. Sure, but it still would have been cool to see a glimpse of someone who may have been Rayder. And I don't know if GRRM even knew if Rayder was there when he wrote the feast scene (or rather if GRRM had yet decided that he was there when he wrote the scene).
171	Masha	2011-04-20	The "Things I do for love" scene was good, but didnt feel quite right. Jaime seemed happy to throw Bran off, like it was nothing. Whereas in the book he says it with revulsion when he looks at Cersei, setting up the love/hate relationship we now know it really is, and also paving the way for the character development we see in book three. I realise that this is easier to show in a book than on TV, but still, could have been better.Other than that, agree with a lot of what has already been said, tyrions whores and danys rape, change the tone slightly. There is no real showing yet of what Tyrion really is.I thought that Bran's fall scene was set up pretty good. It showed that Jaime was clearly reluctant to throw out Bran while Cercei shrilly demanded that he kill him. Although when he did push Bran off, it showed off his ruthlessness and arrogance (this is the man that Ned found lounging on Iron Throne with murdered Aeris lying next to him).I disliked the "whores" scene the moment I saw it, though it was certainly amusing and rather vivid. I can't seem to put my finger on precisely why I dislike it, it just feels out-of-character for Jaime (even if he did hire Tyssha for Tyrion -- or did he?), and anyway, where exactly were they?I thought it was a good scene too. It the novels Tyrion was always self-depreciating, proclaiming his ugliness and whoring activitess loudly with certain dark humor. This establishes him as sort of sarcastic character. Besides, I am not sure why is everyone is claiming that he is not ugly enough, in the books he is described as being a dwarf =ugly, his wounds that ruin his face and make him truly ugly don't happen till end of next book.Very, very nice overall. Even with all the nudity, I still think that there was more in the book (ie. Catelyn).I kind of wish that Catelyn was still the one that convinces Eddard to go south.Also, I'm really disappointed that Drogo wasn't gentle and kind with Dany.http://asoiaf.ovrnit...ckquote></span>I am not sure that Drogo raped her at the end, the scene closed out with her collapsing on her knees. Anyhow, its pretty much impossible to be extremely faithful to the book and movie to tv series because the show will suffer for it in quality and pace. While book fans will probably love it, new viewers will not. This is probably as faithful as one can get with TV or movies.
172	Chataya de Fleury	2011-04-20	Re - the whorehouse scene...
I am in the camp that says, "hey, this is establishing Tyrion's character, because until he hooks up with Shae, we have only *heard* that he frequents whores."  As viewers, we need to be shown, not told.
And they may change a lot of things - Shae may or may not make an appearance.  I know for sure (talking with George in Minneapolis last year during "Days of Ice and Fire") that Chataya will not be in the show; and hence, maybe not Alayaya, later on.
Anyways - did anyone see Tommen, Myrcella, or Rickon???
173	Aoife	2011-04-20	I saw Tommen and Myrcella getting out of the coach, I think. Rickon was in the archery scene and then alongside Catelyn while greeting Robert. I'm sure they were all at the feast somewhere, as well, but I think they're more clearly seen at other times.
174	Arya	2011-04-20	The one thing that really bothered me about the episode is that the Targaryens don't have violet eyes.  Contacts or digital colouring are both really easy to do, and IMHO it's important to establish that the Targaryens were always *foreign* conquerors to Westeros.  Fire and blood, yo.
175	Arya	2011-04-20	Also, more than anything else, I hope we get to see Rhaegar in flashback!
176	TerraPrime	2011-04-20	The one thing that really bothered me about the episode is that the Targaryens don't have violet eyes.  Contacts or digital colouring are both really easy to do, and IMHO it's important to establish that the Targaryens were always *foreign* conquerors to Westeros.  Fire and blood, yo.From all accounts, they did try both, and it just didn't work. Alas.
177	Xenophon	2011-04-20	From all accounts, they did try both, and it just didn't work. Alas.Personally, I'm glad it didn't work.  They look different/fantastic enough with those wigs, IMO.  And if R+L=J, then the last thing we need is an even bigger physical difference between D and J.
178	fitheach	2011-04-20	And they may change a lot of things - Shae may or may not make an appearance.  I know for sure (talking with George in Minneapolis last year during "Days of Ice and Fire") that Chataya will not be in the show; and hence, maybe not Alayaya, later on.How was it known if David and Dan would put Chataya in season 2? They just greenlit season 2 yesterday. Has the season 2 script already been written?
179	Derfel Cadarn	2011-04-21	How was it known if David and Dan would put Chataya in season 2? They just greenlit season 2 yesterday. Has the season 2 script already been written?Before commissioning the show, a lot of stuff concerning the later seasons would need to be discussed to ensure the series as a whole would be viable.  They couldnt just do season one, then realise Clash of Kings or Storm of Swords was unfilmable.  I'm guessing GRRM would also have to assure them that, assuming the show continues to be successful, the series will be finished or at least plotted enough, by the time the series catches up with it. I'm guessing seasons 4 and 5 will be a mixture of AFfC and ADwD since both happen at the same time.As to the episode, I liked it.  Must be confusing for new viewers, hopefully they will stick with it.  The Tyrion scene with the whores was a bit 'off'.  I didnt think there were any brothels near Winterfell.  If they hadn't mentioned a brothel specifically, I'd have assumed the prostitutes were camp followers who had joined the entourage since it left Kings Landing.  Some of the nudity did seem a bit unnecessary albeit still less than the book.  A bit awkward since I recommended this show to many people, including my mother. The wedding; I'm guessing Dany riding on the horse would have taken up too much time, and wouldnt necessarily have made the point visually it made in the book, i.e Dany being unafraid for the first time.  For all the viewers would know, she was prone to recklessness.  Her saying "yes" without the benefit of the point of view text we got in the book might have made her seem to be adapting too well to her new situation.  We know from the book that she continued to find the sex with Drogo uncomfortable.  I'm guessing the Yes moment will be merged with the scene in the book where they do it 'missionary'.  Re comments that Cersai doesnt seem manipulative or 'evil' enough, bear in mind that's only from the character points of view.  The points of view make her seem to be much crafty and experienced at intrigue than she actually is.  Actors:  Arya really stood out, the little slouch she did when Sansa got praised for her embroidery was so Arya-like.  Tyrion seemed okay, though we saw so little of him.  Viserys seemed spot on.
180	Chataya de Fleury	2011-04-21	How was it known if David and Dan would put Chataya in season 2? They just greenlit season 2 yesterday. Has the season 2 script already been written?As has been said, David and Dan have to have some idea where they are going with this, overall.  If they leave out Chataya (and her brothel) in Season 1, it doesn't make sense that she would appear in Season 2.  I'm sure they want to cut down on complexity, etc.  All I have is George telling me that "unfortunately, Chataya was one of the characters that didn't make it from the books to the screen" in November 2010 /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />ETA - brothels near Winterfell...yes, there is one, although it may be an inn with some working girls; it's not really made clear.  It's in AFFC or ASoS - Theon brings Kyra, his fave working girl, from the place and has her in Ned Stark's bed.
					
					
							Edited by Chataya de Venoge, 21 April 2011 - 10:56 AM.
181	Snow White	2011-04-21	Very, very nice overall. Even with all the nudity, I still think that there was more in the book (ie. Catelyn).Probably a push overall. The GF was disappointed that Sean didn't flash more skin (during the bedroom scene I told her, "If you're going to see it, it'll be now.")The one thing that really bothered me about the episode is that the Targaryens don't have violet eyes.  Contacts or digital colouring are both really easy to do, and IMHO it's important to establish that the Targaryens were always *foreign* conquerors to Westeros.  Fire and blood, yo.Well, some things work better on page than screen. Remember, they're supposed to have silver hair as well. I think the bleach blonde works better.
182	Masha	2011-04-21	Probably a push overall. The GF was disappointed that Sean didn't flash more skin (during the bedroom scene I told her, "If you're going to see it, it'll be now.")Well, some things work better on page than screen. Remember, they're supposed to have silver hair as well. I think the bleach blonde works better.I think they tried but it looked too fake instead of just being "foreign exotic"
183	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	Am I the only one who thinks the scene with Dany and Drogo came off wrong? In the book, she ends up wanting him but they really make it seem like he forced himself on her.....totally random, I hope the show ends exactly as the book is written because that's the best book ending I've ever read....
184	Khalasar	2011-04-21	You're not the only once Cuse.  The Mrs (who introduced me to the books) found it disturbing enough that she left the room.
185	Whitering	2011-04-21	No Mance Radyar at the feast /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />We don't know that. We didn't know he was at the feast in the books until book 2 I think.
186	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	You're not the only once Cuse.  The Mrs (who introduced me to the books) found it disturbing enough that she left the room.lollll...my dad, who hasn't read the book, actually argued with me saying "she did want to do it" and I'm like "what scene did you watch? because he clearly pushed her hands down".....maybe the next episode will start where that scene left off, I dunno...but I have to teach myself that it's an ADAPTATION, and while I'm currently reading these books and forming my own mental pictures, I can't push away the TV enjoyment because it's slightly different.....
187	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	Also, the Dothraki wedding seemed very toned down and almost silly with just a couple people tussling. I imagine the recasting of Daenerys severely messed up the budget of this scene -- I heard it had to be redone on a lesser scale -- but I could be mistaken.remember those scenes are from her perspective, not ours. Targaryens would probably think a Dothraki wedding was silly....I actually didn't think it was barbaric enuff, there was a lot of dry humping....After checking out who Daneryes would have been, i'm glad they re-cast her....
					
					
							Edited by CuseGirl, 21 April 2011 - 04:41 PM.
188	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-21	So was that Quentyn giving Daenerys the snakes?
189	Tasmanian Tiger	2011-04-21	I'm surprised no one has mentioned the glaring omission from the first episode of Bran and Joffrey's mock-duel in the training yard. While it's not an important scene at the time, it becomes the answer to one of the biggest mysteries throughout the entire series.
Either they're going to have to flashback to it, discuss it in conversation or change the outcome of that plotline entirely. As the scene is relatively insignificant unto itself, there would be no reason to do either of the first two options until the mystery itself is solved. That would mean somewhere in season 3 or 4 they'd have to say, "Hey, we solved this mystery. It was something that happened years ago that we never discussed but totally happened." And that's going to confuse the audience.
Most likely they're going to cut it. That means finding a whole new villain to blame and a reason to blame them. A strange alteration in any case.
190	Aoife	2011-04-21	I think you're misattributing causes for that mystery. If you're talking about what I figure you're talking about, the instigator's reasoning is explained later. Looking for approval from a distant father-figure. (And yes, it was only explained later, IIRC, we don't hear the inspiring quote first-hand.)
191	Bronn Stone	2011-04-21	I'm surprised no one has mentioned the glaring omission from the first episode of Bran and Joffrey's mock-duel in the training yard. While it's not an important scene at the time, it becomes the answer to one of the biggest mysteries throughout the entire series.Either they're going to have to flashback to it, discuss it in conversation or change the outcome of that plotline entirely. As the scene is relatively insignificant unto itself, there would be no reason to do either of the first two options until the mystery itself is solved. That would mean somewhere in season 3 or 4 they'd have to say, "Hey, we solved this mystery. It was something that happened years ago that we never discussed but totally happened." And that's going to confuse the audience.Most likely they're going to cut it. That means finding a whole new villain to blame and a reason to blame them. A strange alteration in any case.I don't think the duel between Joffrey and Robb (not Bran) was the reason Joff sent the killer.  It was more about trying to impress his father.   Joff held no ill-feelings about Bran either way.  We'll know more after episode 2 - whether the knife plot changes will hinge on what is said in front of Joffrey by Robert (or someone else).
192	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	I don't think the duel between Joffrey and Robb (not Bran) was the reason Joff sent the killer.  It was more about trying to impress his father.   Joff held no ill-feelings about Bran either way.  We'll know more after episode 2 - whether the knife plot changes will hinge on what is said in front of Joffrey by Robert (or someone else).Wait, when did we find out who tried to kill Bran? I guess I gotta re-read the book, I missed that completely....
193	Tasmanian Tiger	2011-04-21	Wait, when did we find out who tried to kill Bran? I guess I gotta re-read the book, I missed that completely....I forget the exact book, though I think it's the last one. It comes after every other possible alternative is dangled and then refuted.And yes, they did mention he wanted fatherly approval but without something happening to bring the lives of Bran and Joffrey together it would seem a strange leap from the old man saying, Â<U+0093>Poor kid shouldnÂ<U+0092>t have to live as a crippleÂ<U+0094> to the son going, Â<U+0093>I know, IÂ<U+0092>ll enact a plot to kill that kid in a highly clandestine manner.Â<U+0094>Granted, Joffrey is an idiot so anything is possible.
194	Bronn Stone	2011-04-21	I forget the exact book, though I think it's the last one. It comes after every other possible alternative is dangled and then refuted.And yes, they did mention he wanted fatherly approval but without something happening to bring the lives of Bran and Joffrey together it would seem a strange leap from the old man saying, Â<U+0093>Poor kid shouldnÂ<U+0092>t have to live as a crippleÂ<U+0094> to the son going, Â<U+0093>I know, IÂ<U+0092>ll enact a plot to kill that kid in a highly clandestine manner.Â<U+0094>Granted, Joffrey is an idiot so anything is possible.Not as strange as "I quarreled with Robb so I will kill Bran".  Bran and Tommen got along famously during their duel.  Laughing their heads off as boys playing would.
195	The_Halfhand	2011-04-22	First off, I just want to say that as a die-hard fan of the books, i will support this show in any way that i can.  However, there are a lot of changes they made to the show which just make no sense to me, especially when the book nailed them so perfectly.
1.  The changes to the prologue
Switching the two characters of Gared and Will isn't that big of a deal to me, but the imagining of The Others and the death of Weymar Royce was.  The fight between Royce and The Other while his companions looked on, and then Royce's resurrection as a wight communicated so many things - the nature of the Night's Watch and the threat of the Others.  I also think they introduced the Wall too early.  it's going to take some of the impact out of it when Jon and Tyrion first arrive and see it for the first time.
2.  The chances to the Direwolf scene
Honestly, the changes they made to this scene baffle me.  It was nailed perfectly in the book, all they had to do was translate the lines to the screen.  Instead, they totally gut the symbolism of the scene and the relationships of the brothers.  Ned's reaction in the show to the keeping of the pups was so out of character it was cringe-inducing.
3.  Jon Arryn's funeral
I feel like the adding of this scene takes a lot of the intrigue out of the early portion of the story.  This is stuff thaqt could have been communicated at the end of the episode where it was supposed to be.
4.  The Haircut scene.
Honestly, why was this scene in the show?  Theon, Robb, and Jon getting haircuts and saying the Prince is a royle prick.  Then, they say "Sheer him good" in relation to Jon, but the next scene his hair looks exactly the same.  Brilliant.
5.  The King's Arrival
Why they made the changes here is another big question.  The stuff with Arya chattering on clumsy exposition like "Where's the Imp?" and "That's Jamie Lannister! The Queen's Twin Brother!" was horrid.  Seriously, they couldn't think to come up with a more clever way to communicate that information?  And Sana's "Shut UP!" constantly being repeated was a bit out of character.  Sansa is always so well mannered in the books except when pushed publically by Arya.
6.  The crypt scene.
There was SO MUCH that could have been communicated in the crypt scene between Robert and Ned with the addition of a few simple lines.  Again, they seemed to be changed needlessly.
7.  Danny's bath.
Anyone else think the "No milady! Its too hot!" line was handled poorly?  How hard would it have been to have Danny say something about her liking the heat?
8.  Tyrion's Introduction
The scene where they introduce Tyrion was horrible.  Just horrible.  First off, they present him as being far more leterchous than he is in the books.  And much of his dialogue in that scene made very little sense.  I'd rather they would have kept his introduction short and gave him his full interaction with Jon at the feast as his first intro to the audience.
9.  Lack of Direwolves
The Direwolves play such a huge roll in the books, and here they are completely marginalized.  Especially concerning Jon Snow and Ghost.
10.  Jon Snow's scene during the feast
Jon is coming of as way more petulant than he was in the books.  He's sooooooo emo!  No interaction with Ghost, and his first scene with Tyrion was so mishandled, it captured none of the budding friendship that was there in the book.  Very disappointing with the changes made there.  The lines about Tyrion's birth killing his mother and Jon never knowing his mother were KINDA important, and yet nowhere to be heard.
11.  Danny's "rape" scene
I thought that it was terrible how Danny never got the "freedom rush" of riding her horse through her wedding, and then eventually submitted herself to Drogo, which was all very important to her development in the books.  Here, she's just scared, scared, scared, and then raped.  Totally sets the wrong tone for her character, who is much more active in the novels.
12.  The things I do for love...
Finally, the final line that Jamie delivers was soooooo poorly done.  In the books, he goes to help Bran until his sister says "What are you doing?"  Only then does he ask Bran his age, and then pushes him off the tower by saying - WITH LOATHING - the things I do for love.  obviously, no one on the production staff bothered to read the book before shooting that scene.  Jamie isn't a "bad character," Cerci is, and he did what he thought she wanted him to do, even though he hated it (a common thread for Jamie, who had to put up with the crazy stuff King Arey's did.)
So did I hate the show?  No, I didn't hate it.  But I didn't love it as much as I should have because of the silly changes that were made.  I'll keep watching, and I hope they'll get better about sticking to the important stuff in the novels.  But it really upsets me that these little nuances that made the series so enjoyable were changed for the show without any good reason for doing so.
196	Whitering	2011-04-22	...So did I hate the show?  No, I didn't hate it.  But I didn't love it as much as I should have because of the silly changes that were made.  I'll keep watching, and I hope they'll get better about sticking to the important stuff in the novels.  But it really upsets me that these little nuances that made the series so enjoyable were changed for the show without any good reason for doing so.I agree with all your points. On top of all that, I don't think Arya would have even known that information. She never paid attention to that kind of stuff. It would make more sense for Sansa to be pointing it out. I don't know, her characterization was slightly off. Yes, she is mischievous but also a little angry for being forced into the role of a noble daughter. I guess that's not important at this stage of the show but I hope they introduce it later.
197	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-22	The_Halfhand said:"wahhhh"Because the number of executive producers, writers and also George Martin collaborating to fit 85 pages into 60 minutes is easy.If we all had our say on how it shoulda been portrayed while sticking to the time constraint and getting the messages across, we would have 1,000,000 different versions of the show.I had some grievances as well but thought that turning 85 pages into 60 minutes was done terrificly. But it looks like you should just stop watching now.
198	ser_nerdick	2011-04-22	4.  The Haircut scene.Honestly, why was this scene in the show?  Theon, Robb, and Jon getting haircuts and saying the Prince is a royle prick.  Then, they say "Sheer him good" in relation to Jon, but the next scene his hair looks exactly the same.  Brilliant.Ha, good point. I thought the same thing about his hair. I expected him to have very closely cropped hair in the next scene.
199	johnnysd	2011-04-22	To be honest, I am a little surprised at all the wailing about the Dany scene, especially amongst those who have read the books multiple times. While that scene is very touching in the books, right after that Drogo does start raping here EVERY DAY to the point that Dany considers killing herself. The way they have done it in the series will make a lot more sense especially to those new to the books because as their love grows it will seem more believable and be a better overall arc.
Also, a lot of the dialogue that people are missing so much may actually have been filmed and cut down in editing. It will be very interesting if there is a possibility of director's cuts of the shows on Blu-ray. It would really help to sell them and be a great gift to fans.
200	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	Guys I suggest you stop watching the show right now because the preview for the next episode includes another made up scene not in the books. Too bad, so sad.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Is this your first time seeing a film adaptation of a novel?
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 April 2011 - 12:55 PM.
201	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-22	To be honest, I am a little surprised at all the wailing about the Dany scene, especially amongst those who have read the books multiple times. While that scene is very touching in the books, right after that Drogo does start raping here EVERY DAY to the point that Dany considers killing herself. The way they have done it in the series will make a lot more sense especially to those new to the books because as their love grows it will seem more believable and be a better overall arc.I agree. I think it's a compression of the "bad stage" of their relationship. They don't have the time to show the detail of the book, by including repeating scenes of Drogo abusing Dany, so they combined all the abusive stage of their relationship into one scene. Probably next episode we will see them beginning to come to an understanding as husband and wife.
202	Snow White	2011-04-22	I had some grievances as well but thought that turning 85 pages into 60 minutes was done terrificly. But it looks like you should just stop watching now.OK, but Halfhands suggestions would have (largely) improved the thing without adding time. It's fair to note that.Ha, good point. I thought the same thing about his hair. I expected him to have very closely cropped hair in the next scene.That was an odd scene. The barber is the fight coordinator, so that may have just been some service.I think it's a compression of the "bad stage" of their relationship. They don't have the time to show the detail of the book, by including repeating scenes of Drogo abusing Dany, so they combined all the abusive stage of their relationship into one scene. Probably next episode we will see them beginning to come to an understanding as husband and wife.I think that's where they're going with it, but I also think they're overthinking themselves. A "yes" would have taken a second, but conveyed volumes.We'll see if they address these things next Sunday.
203	johnnysd	2011-04-22	I agree. I think it's a compression of the "bad stage" of their relationship. They don't have the time to show the detail of the book, by including repeating scenes of Drogo abusing Dany, so they combined all the abusive stage of their relationship into one scene. Probably next episode we will see them beginning to come to an understanding as husband and wife.With the Dany relationship they could move the "tell him that he has give me the wind" scene after the consumation scene as a way to stay true to the book and smoothly transition into the next phase of their relationship.
204	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-22	With the Dany relationship they could move the "tell him that he has give me the wind" scene after the consumation scene as a way to stay true to the book and smoothly transition into the next phase of their relationship.That would have looked really odd on TV. Without Dany's internal monologue, it would have looked like she got raped, but was then given a present and was perfectly happy about it. Not exactly PC, or anywhere near what the original scene meant to convey. Who knows, we might see that scene next week.
205	The_Halfhand	2011-04-22	Because the number of executive producers, writers and also George Martin collaborating to fit 85 pages into 60 minutes is easy.If we all had our say on how it shoulda been portrayed while sticking to the time constraint and getting the messages across, we would have 1,000,000 different versions of the show.I had some grievances as well but thought that turning 85 pages into 60 minutes was done terrificly. But it looks like you should just stop watching now.Um, I thought I made it clear I wasn't going to stop watching because I support the show and the books.  You can easily turn 85 pages of a book into 60 minutes of TV, and still leave in the little nuances that make the book great.  That was my point.  I honestly don't understand some of the changes, especially considering that all they had to do was leave in a couple extra lines per scene to hit the right beats.I don't mind them adding new scenes or changing things.  That's the nature of an adaptation.  But I do mind changing things that don't really need to be changed for no apparent reason.  The direwolf scene is a perfect example.  Could they not have cut out the wasteful haircut scene and allowed the full Direwolf dialogue to play out, with Jon Snow finding Ghost and happy he has a pup of his own instead of looking like he just got stuck with something he didn't want and have Theon quip "That one's yours, Snow."  Explain to me how the changes made to that scene made sense?  I just don't see it.You don't need to have 1,000,000 different versions of the show.  Why not just something that sticks to the books?  I mean, its all there for anyone to see.  The beginning of Game Of Thrones should have been the easiest part to adapt because it doesn't require flashbacks, dreams, or many characters spread out all over the kingdom.  Yet, they made changes that just did... not... make... sense.I do enjoy the show and will continue to watch, but I am still baffled at some of the decisions that were made with the adaptation.
206	The_Halfhand	2011-04-22	To be honest, I am a little surprised at all the wailing about the Dany scene, especially amongst those who have read the books multiple times. While that scene is very touching in the books, right after that Drogo does start raping here EVERY DAY to the point that Dany considers killing herself. The way they have done it in the series will make a lot more sense especially to those new to the books because as their love grows it will seem more believable and be a better overall arc.Also, a lot of the dialogue that people are missing so much may actually have been filmed and cut down in editing. It will be very interesting if there is a possibility of director's cuts of the shows on Blu-ray. It would really help to sell them and be a great gift to fans.She considers killing herself because of a number of things, not just the rape (saddle sores, culture shock, etc.).  But to me, I felt that Danny submitting to Drogo was a huge character moment, because next to the riding her horse through the wedding, its the first time we see her stop being afraid and take some initiative.  If they had just showed her taking a little control in the "consummation scene," I think it would have set the stage for her character better, and for Drago too.  I don't mind the other liberties they took with Danny's scenes, but I felt that "Yes" moment she had with Drago was extremely important to her development as a character in the books, and could have easily been included in the show.It's possible some dialogue hit the cutting room floor.  But little bits of dialogue go a long way in communicating to the audience the important bits of backstory that make the books so rich.  I mean, the part about Tyrion and Jon Snow not knowing their mothers was kinda important in the books, since it set up Tyrion's relationship with his sister and father, and the fact that Jon doesn't know anything about his mother, which will eventually come into play later in the series.So I don't mind the producers making changes, but a lot of the changes they decided upon rob the story of a lot of the richness the books have.  I think that's my biggest gripe.
207	fitheach	2011-04-22	Guys I suggest you stop watching the show right now because the preview for the next episode includes another made up scene not in the books. Too bad, so sad.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Is this your first time seeing a film adaptation of a novel?Don't be an ass n00b. Most have read the novels several times and watch HBO... Some borders here actually work in the film industry... We do get it, the show is based on the novels. Doesn't mean a person can't be critical while still enjoying it.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 22 April 2011 - 10:44 PM.
208	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	Don't be an ass n00b.LOL! As you were. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 April 2011 - 11:30 PM.
209	fitheach	2011-04-23	LOL! As you were. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Walks like a duck + talks like a duck = duck.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  You may want to understand the culture of the land (Westeros) your travelling in...
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 23 April 2011 - 12:03 PM.
210	Anduck	2011-04-23	1.  The changes to the prologue...  I also think they introduced the Wall too early.  it's going to take some of the impact out of it when Jon and Tyrion first arrive and see it for the first time.I agree with this. It's such a great moment in the book when we first see the wall with Jon. If they do it right it could still work, however.4.  The Haircut scene.8.  Tyrion's Introduction.Honestly, why [were these] scene[s] in the show?It's often stated that it is difficult to adapt the text into the time available. That said it seems odd to insert scenes that, to my mind, have little apparent purpose.6.  The crypt scene.... Again, they seemed to be changed needlessly.I actually thought they handled the scene pretty well. As you say though, it could have that much better.9.  Lack of DirewolvesThe Direwolves play such a huge roll in the books, and here they are completely marginalized.  Especially concerning Jon Snow and Ghost.I think I read somewhere that they had some trouble training them. Definately would have been good to see Ghost more though.10.  Jon Snow's scene during the feast...  The lines about Tyrion's birth killing his mother and Jon never knowing his mother were [very] important, and yet nowhere to be heard.These sould have included, I'm sure they could have found some time to add a couple of lines.12.  The things I do for love...I was very worried beforehand how that would be delivered but I actually liked it quite alot. He, unfortunately, didn't say it with loathing but it could have been much worse, so I'm happy.
211	fitheach	2011-04-23	Could they not have cut out the wasteful haircut scene...I have a feeling* the haircut scene was put in when they had to reshoot the pilot. Kit Harringtin's hair was short during the first filming, longer for the re-shoot. So, the whole reason for that scene could've been due to a continuity issue with his hair  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> ... Sadly, there could've been another (better? more important?) scene in it's place if they hadn't had this issue. I'm not saying the acting or dialog wasn't good or interesting- they were, but it just looked thrown in. *this is only my theory as to why this scene happened.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 23 April 2011 - 12:18 PM.
212	Derfel Cadarn	2011-04-23	I am in the camp that says, "hey, this is establishing Tyrion's character, because until he hooks up with Shae, we have only *heard* that he frequents whores."  As viewers, we need to be shown, not told.Shae has been cast, can't remember the actress but wiki has a Shae in the cast list.Re Dany's bath scene, I'd have liked a line stating she liked the heat.  With that gone, it just looked like she was maybe self-harming. I liked Ned's interaction with Jaime, about how he doesn't fight in tourneys because when he fights a man, he doesnt want him to know what he can do.  Of course, I'd have liked it better if I didn't know how the final Ned/Jaime confrontation goes.I liekd the scene where Jaime pushes Bran.  It could have been done differently but I think it captured Jaime's impetuousness. To have emphasised the loathing, it might have made Jaimie a bit too sympathetic at this point.  I rewatched it last night and found myself liking Tyrion's performance even more.  Sansa seems way too tall for 13.  She's almost as tall as Ned.  Though Cersai does comment on it.  Out of curiosity, have all the children been aged up by 2 years?  They seem to have changed Robert's crowning from 15 years ago in the books to 17 years.  I can't remember how old Sansa was in the books at the start, 11 or 12 I think.I liked the opening credits, it's a good way of making the new viewers familiar with the basic geography of Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by Derfel Cadarn, 23 April 2011 - 01:03 PM.
213	Kaitscralt	2011-04-23	Walks like a duck + talks like a duck = duck.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  You may want to understand the culture of the land (Westeros) your travelling in...Teach me more.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
214	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-23	The scene at the barbershop was done because they wanted to portray a sense of the boys being boys (they grew up together) and give the females something to see (eye candy). You will see that this scene is a way of making their goodbyes in episode 2 translate into a warmer feeling for the non-reader audience.
215	Snow White	2011-04-23	I think I read somewhere that they had some trouble training them. Definately would have been good to see Ghost more though.I think they had twelve weeks to train them, and these weren't acting dogs that already have a lot of training.I liekd the scene where Jaime pushes Bran.  It could have been done differently but I think it captured Jaime's impetuousness. To have emphasised the loathing, it might have made Jaimie a bit too sympathetic at this point.  Everyone I know who is a non-reader was absolutely shocked by that scene, so it seems to have worked.
216	Kaitscralt	2011-04-23	Everyone I know who is a non-reader was absolutely shocked by that scene, so it seems to have worked.Same here. At least three non-readers I know watched the show (some on their own, some because I held a gun to their head) and all of them called me shocked the next day about 1) A brother and sister having sex and 2) Jaime pushing the kid out the window.Everyone assumes he died, too.If only.
217	Huan	2011-04-23	Same here. At least three non-readers I know watched the show (some on their own, some because I held a gun to their head) and all of them called me shocked the next day about 1) A brother and sister having sex and 2) Jaime pushing the kid out the window.Everyone assumes he died, too.If only.I have wondered: did Bran survive because part of him was already joined with Summer? Or was it the three-eyed crow that met Bran in the "warg universe" and guided him back? Or perhaps a combination of both. Maybe Bran was flailing aimlessly in wargland while in a coma (like an infant since he was new to it) and the three-eyed crow noticed him and recognized his gift.
218	Raiyna	2011-04-23	As far as the White Walkers and them not being white, I disagree.  They are described as having chalk white skin.  They very well could have.  It was dark and there were shadows abound.  Here's a pic from the show.  In the light, they definately could be white.http://images.wikia....hite_Walker.jpg
					
					
							Edited by Raiyna, 23 April 2011 - 10:00 PM.
219	Snow White	2011-04-23	I have wondered: did Bran survive because part of him was already joined with Summer? Or was it the three-eyed crow that met Bran in the "warg universe" and guided him back? Or perhaps a combination of both. Maybe Bran was flailing aimlessly in wargland while in a coma (like an infant since he was new to it) and the three-eyed crow noticed him and recognized his gift.The crow seemed focused on opening Bran's third eye. I'm not clear on whether/how that helped him out of the coma.As far as the White Walkers and them not being white, I disagree.  They are described as having chalk white skin.  They very well could have.  It was dark and there were shadows abound.  Here's a pic from the show.  In the light, they definately could be white.http://images.wikia....hite_Walker.jpgPossibly, but the trick is that people are talking about "White Walkers" and these didn't look white. Add the wights in, and you get some confused viewers.
220	The_Halfhand	2011-04-23	As far as the White Walkers and them not being white, I disagree.  They are described as having chalk white skin.  They very well could have.  It was dark and there were shadows abound.  Here's a pic from the show.  In the light, they definately could be white.http://images.wikia....hite_Walker.jpgNope.  There's no way those things were white in the show.  I've watched that scene dozens of times, and they all appear to be dark brown.
221	The_Halfhand	2011-04-23	I have a feeling* the haircut scene was put in when they had to reshoot the pilot. Kit Harringtin's hair was short during the first filming, longer for the re-shoot. So, the whole reason for that scene could've been due to a continuity issue with his hair  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> ... Sadly, there could've been another (better? more important?) scene in it's place if they hadn't had this issue. I'm not saying the acting or dialog wasn't good or interesting- they were, but it just looked thrown in. *this is only my theory as to why this scene happened.I guess that makes sense, but honestly, his hair looked *exactly* the same after he had it cut, lol.  I don't think anyone would have noticed how short it was.
222	Aoife	2011-04-24	He also "shaved" for the king's arrival & feast, even though he ended up not attending. (Robb too, and presumably Theon, though I don't remember T having as much stubble beforehand.) I would have said that would be more obvious, but people aren't mentioning it, so I'm not so sure now. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Slick - I think she is tall for 13, but I'm pretty sure she was actually 13 while filming, too. Maybe 14 by the time it was finished, but close enough. Just one of the lucky tall types!
223	CryFenril	2011-04-24	Aoife, I get the impression that Jon was told at the last minute that he wasn't invited, which is why he's beating the crap out of the dummy in the yard - he's pissed. It also helps him along the road to wanting to leave without spending the time showing the constant subtle snubbing he gets from Cat. I think what we're getting is another important plot point that needed trimming for time's sake. I wonder if we'll get the "It should have been you" line, or if they'll 86 that one. I almost hope they do - it seemed (to me) unnatural and wrong, somehow. I never though that, even in her grief, Cat would be that vicious. It's more of a Cersei thing to say.
224	Aoife	2011-04-24	Yes, that's also the impression I got. Or at least it wasn't made clear to him that he was not included when Cat (was that explicit? I don't remember, but I'm pretty sure there's some reference to the command coming from her) told "the boys" to go see Tommy and get cleaned up. I was just pointing out another reason for the Tommy scene at all - it's not just hair length that had changed and needed to be explained, but also going from neo-beard/stubble to clean-shaven.
I have a feeling they'll keep that line in, but I hope they build up to just how grief-stricken and irrational Cat is at that point. If the "I think you should leave now"/ "I want you to leave now" line really is from Cat to Cersei, that may help -- Cat has gone from acknowledging Cersei's rank (courtyard greeting) and making attempts at polite conversation (feast scene) to anger and virtual commands to her queen. Not something that I think "regular Cat" would have done.
225	Manakhkubar	2011-04-24	I wonder if we'll get the "It should have been you" line, or if they'll 86 that one. I almost hope they do - it seemed (to me) unnatural and wrong, somehow. I never though that, even in her grief, Cat would be that vicious. It's more of a Cersei thing to say.Well, in the books, Cat is devasted and almost completely out of her mind when Bran fell - a proper context for that line. The one scene from the Ep2 preview it looks like the TV Cat is much less fragile, she seemed very clear of mind and rational in the "Bran was pushed and the Lannisters did it" shot. If they smoothed out the emotional curve for Cat, I think they have to cut or change that line ...
226	CryFenril	2011-04-24	Well, in the books, Cat is devasted and almost completely out of her mind when Bran fell - a proper context for that line. The one scene from the Ep2 preview it looks like the TV Cat is much less fragile, she seemed very clear of mind and rational in the "Bran was pushed and the Lannisters did it" shot. If they smoothed out the emotional curve for Cat, I think they have to cut or change that line ...I agree wholeheartedly - and I think it's also a chance to iron out a character flaw that seemed very out of place for someone who was always proud of "doing her duty" and "being good at waiting". Cat's "should have been you" comment always stuck out as wrong note to me - as did the whole idea of stunted, waddling, crampy Tyrion doing a backflip somersault off of a roof. Poor guy can't even walk right half the time thanks to aches and pains, and we're supposed to think he can be an acrobat on impulse?
227	WinterDreams	2011-04-24	The way that the comsummation scene between Drogo and Daenerys appeared to me to be rather different from the books. The scene from the book makes Drogo seem much more tender towards Dany than he appeared in the first episode. He did say "no" just like he did in the book but Dany was still crying as the scene was ending. Also, the way he (gently, I guess?) pushed her down at the end seemed to me to be going in a different direction than the tenderness he seemed to be showing her just moments earlier. I had a lot of mixed feelings about this scene. 
On the other hand, she's about to have sex with a frightening Dothraki horselord, so the way that scene was played definitely made sense.
228	TerraPrime	2011-04-24	The way that the comsummation scene between Drogo and Daenerys appeared to me to be rather different from the books. The scene from the book makes Drogo seem much more tender towards Dany than he appeared in the first episode. He did say "no" just like he did in the book but Dany was still crying as the scene was ending. Also, the way he (gently, I guess?) pushed her down at the end seemed to me to be going in a different direction than the tenderness he seemed to be showing her just moments earlier. I had a lot of mixed feelings about this scene. On the other hand, she's about to have sex with a frightening Dothraki horselord, so the way that scene was played definitely made sense.There's a whole thread dedicated to this topic: Click here.
229	WinterDreams	2011-04-24	Personally, I think that the creators of the tv show are planning to keep Ned in until the 6-7th episode. Especially since Sean Bean was one of the big draws to the show, so I think that they wouldn;t want to kill him too early as they might be afraid that it would affect ratings to kill one of the most important and likeable characters in the series. My guess is they want to give the audience time to grow to know and care about Ned before they kill him. At the same time, I don't think that he is going to die at the very end because then the flow to the rest of the story will be all messed up and they will have to rush to catch up with the stuff that happens in the story after Ned's death. \
And that would piss people off more than if they killed him too early.
230	Masha	2011-04-25	Personally, I think that the creators of the tv show are planning to keep Ned in until the 6-7th episode. Especially since Sean Bean was one of the big draws to the show, so I think that they wouldn;t want to kill him too early as they might be afraid that it would affect ratings to kill one of the most important and likeable characters in the series. My guess is they want to give the audience time to grow to know and care about Ned before they kill him. At the same time, I don't think that he is going to die at the very end because then the flow to the rest of the story will be all messed up and they will have to rush to catch up with the stuff that happens in the story after Ned's death. \And that would piss people off more than if they killed him too early.From what I could see in WIKI its either episode 7 or 8 (Eps titles are pretty good give-away), most likely its end of 7th/start of 8th. Frankly, if it was me, I would have kept him till end of 8th and finished the eps with his death. I reviewed GoT book again, and while it is a lot of pages, not that much happens afterward to most characters. I think there is only 1 POV for each character to wrap up loose ends except for Dany. 2 whole episodes should have been enough to wrap it up.
231	wolverine	2011-04-26	I don't know if this was discussed before but I was doing a first time ever re-read and I am disappointed how the conversation between Ben-Jen and Jon took place on HBO.  The conversation in the book was great and it does not make any sense that Jon is completely left out of the feast.  He doesn't necessarily need to end up crying since he has been aged up, but the scene in the book was very good and the scene on HBO was pretty meaningless.
232	Bishop437	2011-05-02	Also, more than anything else, I hope we get to see Rhaegar in flashback!This wont happen until season 2 in the house of the undying. I don't think they plan on using flashbacks. And since Dany actually "sees" Rhaegar through the doorway I'm sure we will see him as well. Then again ... Mabey not....
233	Ser_Aeron_Connel	2011-05-04	I don't know if it really counts as being "left out," but did anyone else think Robb, Jon, and Theon's lack of chest hair was a little off? I know it's strange, but it kind of struck me (like smooth-chested Chris Evans in the upcoming Captain America flick) as a modern aesthetic being rear-projected. The North needs hairy manly men! And not just the Umbers!
234	Aoife	2011-05-04	No, because I noticed chest hair on at least Robb. He's no Gaston, admittedly, but it was there. They're all 23/24 (maybe 24/25 by now), playing 17-year olds, and two of them are relatively fair-haired. I don't expect them to look like Tom Selleck as Magnum PI. Yet. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
235	lady crackhead	2011-08-08	Robb snapping at Theon which seems to put them at odds earlier and also the way it hinted toward Theon's loyalty being more to Ned. Made them seem less brotherly.No. MORE brotherly.  They were only in a romantic relationship in slashfiction. Theon snaps at Robb earlier on when they've found the direwolves, & Theon responds like an older brother (foster-brother, & hostage, who is at least 4 years older than Robb) would, that he doesnt take orders from him, just his dad.
236	Fire Eater	2011-09-05	In the beginning episode, where Ser Waymar Royce encounters the Others he does so during the day, in the books it was at night since the Others can't come out during the day, even Old Nan later in the series says that, how are they going to cover up that gaping hole. Plus, the younger ranger Will was the one with Royce not Garrett. The Others in the books were more akin to ghosts and shades, while the show showed them as brown humanoids. They cut out the scene where Royce duels with one of them in the night, and his blade shatters and he dies.
237	Crannog Man	2011-09-12	Like many, many others I started reading the books right after episode 10 (started with ACoK) and have not been back to read over AGoT.  I think, primarily, because like someone said above about things being lost in the transition between media. Even though I am 200 pages or so into AFfC I still go back and watch episodes from season 1 and catch something new everytime and, it helps solifify what I've read in CoK and SoS.  It sounds like they've done a tremendous job in the transition. Ever since the LoTR film adaptation I've tried to keep in mind that it is inevitable some changes will occur and while annoying, may not change the overall plots.  I wonder if I have mad a mistake now and will I be annoyed when season two starts next April.
238	Crannog Man	2011-09-12	solidify not solofify:)
239	Distorted Humor	2012-05-18	The only change from the book is that they got the wedding night wrong, and if they wanted to titillate, the no, no, no, ok YESsssss in the books is much better then what showed up on the screen, otherwise the changes seemed minor.
240	ClaireLongClaw	2012-06-23	I don't know if anyone else noticed this, but in the scene where we first see Tyrion his eyes fit the description in the book, one black (brown contact in his right eye) and one blue (should be green but i'm not gonna complain about that). The next scene we see Tyrion, his eyes are both a stunning blue (watch at about time code 42:39). The producers had the coloring of his eyes right, but they changed them after only a small number of scenes in the whore house (time code 30:25 or so)
					
					
							Edited by ClaireLongClaw, 23 June 2012 - 02:02 PM.
241	LittlefingerInYourBum	2012-08-04	Theon didn't kick the head... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
242	Waarg	2012-11-01	No one said "Barristan the Old." /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
243	Ran	2011-04-16	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the pre-show (starting at 8:45PM) begins.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 16 April 2011 - 05:11 AM.
244	Ran	2011-04-17	So, those who are new to the show: what'd you think? What were you confused about? Who did you like best? Did you see what was coming?
245	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-17	also, those who are new to the forums and Game of Thrones, welcome. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
246	young man	2011-04-17	Question.
Are the books as... porno and vulgar as the HBO series or is that Hollywood shining through?  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
247	Slyfinger	2011-04-17	Question.Are the books as... porno and vulgar as the HBO series or is that Hollywood shining through?  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I wouldn't describe it as porno and vulgar. I see it as a brutally honest and relentlessly fascinating take on the high fantasy genre that doesn't pull any punches.And HBO may have added a random sex scene or two... but they've taken out at least I know of.
248	Carldog	2011-04-17	I'd say ep1 is about on par with the books, in terms of sex and violence.
249	fitheach	2011-04-17	So, my husband watched the first episode with me- he hasn't read the books- and he like it overall, but had a few issues.1. He thought that Dothraki sounds like Klingon...2. Though Jaime looked like that prince from Shrek.3. Wasn't crazy about the music score- thought it was too typical of the genre (I agree, I'm not digging the score- the scene with Ned and Cat under the heart tree with the background harp music? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />) .4. Was a bit confused in some conversations where back story is mentioned without explanation. Luckily he had me to explain some (particularly the scene in the crypt and the back story on Ned's dead sister and "him" who Robert hates so much). He (my husband) thinks if a viewer doesn't have someone who knows the novels around, they could feel a little lost, but basically understood that all backstories will eventually be revealed.5. He thought there was a tad too much dog style sex (3 scenes), and I kind of agree but understand why the Dothraki do it that way. My problem is mainly with the last "things I do for love" scene- it would have been more in keeping with her character if she had been on top.Otherwise he liked the show. I like it as well, but found the pace to be fast and choppy... But it's the pilot episode, so I expected it for the most part. Edit: P.S. Am I the only one who doesn't think the opening credits are all that awesome?
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 18 April 2011 - 11:15 AM.
250	georgeforeman	2011-04-17	2. Though Jaime looked like that prince from Shrek.Didn't see it until you mentioned it, but yes, 100%!Edit: P.S. Am I the only one who doesn't think the opening credits are all that awesome?Yes. They were awesome.
251	SerLady	2011-04-17	I adored the opening credits. Usually shows like these show knights jousting, dragons, etc. [Or maybe I'm just thinking of BBC's Merlin.] But I loved how the castles and everything was made of gears and how it showed the geography of Westeros and beyond. Simply fantastic. Also, I was really excited that Sean Bean's name was the first to appear.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
I felt like some of the stuff would've been hard to understand, though. [Thank god I read the book]. My mom was watching it with me [terribly awkward] and didn't quite understand why the deserter had to die. I guess the show'll talk more about the oath and such in later episodes though. I ended up explaining the basic story behind everything to my mom though.
I really liked the dialogue in the scenes. Most of it matched fairly well with the book, so that was really exciting. As mentioned above though, I could deal with less of the boobs and such. But since it was included in the book, I guess the producers had to shove some of it into the show.  /huh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' /> 
Fantastic beginning. I can't wait for the second ep.
252	Phoenix59	2011-04-17	The back story regarding Robert and Ned's sister will, I am sure, be brought out as we go. That was designed to make viewers curious about what happened to her. 
Doggie style sex was pretty much the norm up until not too terribly long ago. That's why they call the Missionary position the Missionary position.
253	Bishop437	2011-04-17	Question.Are the books as... porno and vulgar as the HBO series or is that Hollywood shining through?  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Well.... There is sex in the books for sure. and I didn't see anything that would have surprised me at all. The actors are definetly in charecter. HBO is right on I think.
254	The Prophet	2011-04-17	I can see how some parts would be confusing without having read the book. I watched it with someone who hadn't as well and it was kind of choppy when you start to hear their questions. It is easy to take it for granted since I've read AGOT 3 times and understand it very well.
However I think they stayed very true to the books, leaving nothing hugely important out, and had a great pace (if in face it goes 12 episodes [am i right?])
Hopefully in the next episode there are a few more "info dump" conversations and they can catch people up on a lot of the "why" type questions they left out in this one.
:thumpsup:
255	Dragon of Valyria	2011-04-17	I enjoyed it. Some scenes were out of order and there were some changes here and there, but that's to be expected in an adaptation. I enjoyed every minute of it, and I loved the credits sequence (the main show logo, with the heads on the four corners, is clever too).
256	fitheach	2011-04-17	Yes. They were awesome.I'll have to watch it again, maybe I was distracted. I did like the gears/pop up of the city/Winterfell/Pentos, but found the zoom out to the sun thingy to be jarring- and didn't like the Game of Thrones title/font at the end of the credit sequence- looked a bit World of Warcraft-ish to me /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />. Will watch again and review my initial impression.Doggie style sex was pretty much the norm up until not too terribly long ago. That's why they call the Missionary position the Missionary position.Uh, yeah ok. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> I don't think they were doing that position on the show to be historically accurate. Personally, I have no problem seeing it- neither does my husband, just seemed a bit over done.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 17 April 2011 - 10:44 PM.
257	Czarlos Valderrama	2011-04-17	think they stayed very true to the books, leaving nothing hugely important out, and had a great pace (if in face it goes 12 episodes [am i right?])Just 10 episodes.
258	Trebla	2011-04-17	My dad had the same reaction many people had when he saw Will, Gared, and Waymar Royce emerge from the Wall...
"That guy looks like Mark Wahlberg"  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
259	mep59	2011-04-17	Question.Are the books as... porno and vulgar as the HBO series or is that Hollywood shining through?  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Well as they say, sex sells, however, I think in the HBO version it is more prominent than in the books. The books are incredibly large in scope and depth. It's Tolkien for adults. Martin (the author) deals with all kinds of topics and issues in a very adult and realistic way in that a lot of people are motivated by power, wealth or sex. There is certainly sex in the books but it never seemed gratuitous to me.
260	RainyKincaid	2011-04-17	I'm giving the premier a neutral. I liked the period detail. It's difficult to fathom why the bastard want's to volunteer to guard the wall after just seeing the terrified guard decapitated. The hard core sex among characters we don't know seems like porn. I was disappointed in the credits because sometimes HBO does a truly beautiful job with them. I was miffed at the writer for killing(?) a child character we'd just begun to have sympathy for. I won't be able to bond with the characters if there's a Soprano style whacking every episode. I'll watch again next week because I have faith in HBO.
261	Spanky	2011-04-17	My dad had the same reaction many people had when he saw Will, Gared, and Waymar Royce emerge from the Wall..."That guy looks like Mark Wahlberg"  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Lol.  Same thing the person I was watching with said.  Marky Mark.  :3
262	Steel_Wind	2011-04-17	Edit: P.S. Am I the only one who doesn't think the opening credits are all that awesome?No. You were not the only one. They were okay -- good even. But not worthy of all the gushing I thought.
263	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	No. You were not the only one. They were okay -- good even. But not worthy of all the gushing I thought.When I saw them on the theater screen, I thought they were amazing.  I have a 42" tv, and thought they looked "meh" on it.  The screen size really made a difference (at least to me).
264	Bishop437	2011-04-17	I'm giving the premier a neutral. I liked the period detail. It's difficult to fathom why the bastard want's to volunteer to guard the wall after just seeing the terrified guard decapitated. The hard core sex among characters we don't know seems like porn. I was disappointed in the credits because sometimes HBO does a truly beautiful job with them. I was miffed at the writer for killing(?) a child character we'd just begun to have sympathy for. I won't be able to bond with the characters if there's a Soprano style whacking every episode. I'll watch again next week because I have faith in HBO.I'm so tempted to say things but I wont do it. Just keep watching. I swear all the sex and nudity is consistant with the story. And I can explain Jon's desire to go to the wall without a spoiler I think. At Winterfell Jon will be nothing. He cannot inherit from Eddard anything. at the Wall he could rise high within the Nights Watch and his birth will not be a hinderence. Lady Stark ( as I think we can see from the show ) bears Jon no love. She will never make his life easy at Winterfell. In the Nights Watch  He thinks he may find Honor. Something Eddard has taught his sons to desire by example.
265	TrueMetis	2011-04-17	A great start, already can't wait for the next episode. Rather weird watching this with my younger brothers and mother around though. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
266	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	A great start, already can't wait for the next episode. Rather weird watching this with my younger brothers and mother around though. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Yeah, I had my son join me for the second airing of it.  I think he was embarrassed.
					
					
							Edited by Lany Cassandra, 17 April 2011 - 11:28 PM.
267	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-17	I too thought the open credits were disappointing. Sure, they were neat, but that's about all I can say for them.
Yes, I thought I saw a Marky Mark in there as well, but it was a Marky Mark mixed with Matt Damon.
And now that you've compared Jamie to the prince from Shrek, I will never be able to see him any other way.
268	Shamalamadoo	2011-04-17	Yeah, I had my son join me for the second airing of it.  I think he was embarrassed.Just be glad you didn't watch it with your twin!  I thought it was great - not having read the books.  I'm considering skipping the rest until it comes out on DVD so I don't have to wait.
269	Carldog	2011-04-17	I saw Matt D, not Mark M.
270	La Piccola Fiamma Verde	2011-04-17	I watched it with my dad. I tried getting him to read the books ages ago, but he never really got past the beheading of the deserter. Throughout the episode it was fun to watch his reactions to different things
"The kings that big fat guy?! Why's he married to the queen? She's so hot!"
"I guess they are the ones who there aren't supposed to be any left of?" <-- At the intro of Dany and Viserys 
"Hey that kid's not supposed to be climbing!"
"Cool dire wolves..."
Countless "who's that"s and "what does that mean"s
"It looks pretty good"
I think that he was pretty confused through most of it though, and probably would have stopped watching if he didn't know that I have been waiting ages for this, plus fantasy is not really his thing... 
That said I looked over at him as it ended, after "The things I do for love" bit and he had this huge grin and was all starry eyed and just said "That was wrong on every possible level...Okay so maybe that was pretty good, we can watch it instead of Spartacus."
Then when I came down stairs he was making lunch and talking to my little brother (who didn't watch with us) and I caught the end of the convo which was "But wouldn't it be cool to have a pet dire wolf?"
So all and all I think it went pretty well  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  And once he figures out who the characters are I'm pretty sure that he'll be hooked.
					
					
							Edited by La Piccola Fiamma Verde, 17 April 2011 - 11:57 PM.
271	Triskan	2011-04-17	I can't understand what Ned says back about "When I fight a man for real..."
To which Jaime replies "Well said."  
What does Ned say there?
272	La Piccola Fiamma Verde	2011-04-17	Yeah I missed that part too, and the only reason I realized that I missed it was because Dad specifically asked me what he said...
					
					
							Edited by La Piccola Fiamma Verde, 17 April 2011 - 11:58 PM.
273	SergioCQH	2011-04-17	I can't understand what Ned says back about "When I fight a man for real..."To which Jaime replies "Well said."  What does Ned say there?I don't want him to know what I can do.
274	RainyKincaid	2011-04-17	Bishop437,
Thanks so much for explaining the Nights Watch path to honor thing. And we thought we had a lack of career opportunities here during the recession. Thanks for the unsaid as I'm not trying to be insulting to fans in any way. But if I end up really getting involved in the story, I'll be wanting a fun place to talk about it so posting here is a sign of optimism.:-)
275	Triskan	2011-04-18	I don't want him to know what I can do.Ah, nice.  Thanks
276	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-18	Yeah, I loved the credits, but like others I saw it in a mini-theater which likely made a difference.
277	Brude	2011-04-18	The credits were a surprise to me, not at all what I expected with the gears and all that.  I thought they were interesting and quite beautiful, though.
I watched the show twice by now.  I was quite buzzed on some seriously high alcohol content beer for the first time through - my mini premier party went off well - so the second time through I saw a hundred and one details I missed on the first viewing.
For me, it was good stuff.  I have no idea how anyone who hasn't read the books will respond to it.  Everyone I saw it was was either very familiar with the books or familiar enough to know the story (maybe hadn't read it in some years).  My biggest fear is that it will be too confusing for non-readers of the books to follow at the beginning and that they will turn off to it before it really gets going.  It's a LOT of info coming fast and furious at the viewer, whereas in the books there's almost 100 pages covering this same content, which is a lot more time to learn these people and what they are all about.
					
					
							Edited by Brude, 18 April 2011 - 12:23 AM.
278	ingsve	2011-04-18	1. He thought that Dothraki sounds like Klingon...Well, there are some guttoral sounds in common with klingon (and arabic) and since those sounds aren't common in english it makes sense that one could make that connection. If you listen to more dialogue and compare it directly with klingon then it wouldn't sound as similar as it may do at first glance.
279	aimlessgun	2011-04-18	The credits were very cool, but they didn't feel like they belonged. Maybe that will change with later episodes. 
The rest was all well and good, I suppose. It's quite strange though, watching this show after having read the novels. Everything just feels a little...off. I hope this dissonance will disappear as I watch more.
280	The Dude	2011-04-18	Bishop437,Thanks so much for explaining the Nights Watch path to honor thing. And we thought we had a lack of career opportunities here during the recession. Thanks for the unsaid as I'm not trying to be insulting to fans in any way. But if I end up really getting involved in the story, I'll be wanting a fun place to talk about it so posting here is a sign of optimism.:-)I think you will find that and more here /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
281	Spoony	2011-04-18	once we get past all that exposition, things will feel more natural.
I particularly enjoyed the pageantry of the king's procession - and the ending.
282	arrowfan	2011-04-18	Just watched ep1 for the second time.... loved it.  Super sexy and stylish. Great settings and ambience. Only thing I'm really missing is powerful theme music.
283	King in B-Town	2011-04-18	Has anyone seen the next episodes?  I'm a huge fan of the books, read them each at least 3 times.  But honestly there was way too much sex/boobs/nudity in the first episode.  Does anyone know if this will continue?
284	Xenophon	2011-04-18	Has anyone seen the next episodes?  I'm a huge fan of the books, read them each at least 3 times.  But honestly there was way too much sex/boobs/nudity in the first episode.  Does anyone know if this will continue?I haven't seen them, but based on the reviews I'd assume it will continue (reviews saw 6 episodes and almost all of them commented on the sex).
285	King in B-Town	2011-04-18	I haven't seen them, but based on the reviews I'd assume it will continue (reviews saw 6 episodes and almost all of them commented on the sex).Dang.  At least I have the books, They are better anyway.
286	arrowfan	2011-04-18	Dang.  At least I have the books, They are better anyway.Yea don't think of the HBO series as any kind of replacement or literal version of the books... we have the audio books for that! ;}  But give it a chance. I liked it better second viewing.  The scenes really are magnif...
287	arrowfan	2011-04-18	Oh man... that CGI view of King's Landing is bad-ass!  Ok - only casting I don't like is Theon. Everything else is perfect.
288	smegma	2011-04-18	Oh man... that CGI view of King's Landing is bad-ass!  Ok - only casting I don't like is Theon. Everything else is perfect.He doesn't look at all like I imagined him, but the scenes I've seen with him are fantastic. Totally bought into the Alfie Allen casting now.
289	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-18	I don't think there's more sex in this than the books, if that's your complaint.
290	arrowfan	2011-04-18	I don't think there's more sex in this than the books, if that's your complaint.Well I think the complaint goes like... the 10 eps are such shortened versions of the book, why spend an un-proportional amount of time on the sex stuff. Anyway, for me... besides the gratuitous Dothraki wedding celebration doggy style (was that even in the book?!), I thought this ep was about right for .... HBO.
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 18 April 2011 - 01:46 AM.
291	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-18	Well I think the complaint goes like... the 10 eps are such shortened versions of the book, why spend an un-proportional amount of time on the sex stuff. Anyway, for me... besides the gratuitous Dothraki wedding celebration doggy style (was that even in the book?!), I thought this ep was about right for .... HBO.Well yeah, I guess most people just like watching sex and HBO knows it, etc etc.The Dothraki full on raped women during the wedding in the book, so that was the same. From what I remember, there was also mention of them 'riding women like they rode their horses'. Lol.
					
					
							Edited by Ser_not_appearing_yet, 18 April 2011 - 01:54 AM.
292	truebookaddict	2011-04-18	I'm new here.  Hi all! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I have just recently been reading the first book.  I'm about 200 pages in and it seems I'm well past what happened in the first episode.  First book in a long while that I'm finding hard to put down.  I really enjoyed the show and I thought it was very much like the book. 
Question?  Does the first season go along with the first book only?
293	Vic Sage	2011-04-18	Watched and Loved it.The opening was great! This show is off to a great start. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
294	TrueMetis	2011-04-18	Question?  Does the first season go along with the first book only?Yes.
295	truebookaddict	2011-04-18	Yes.Thank you! I'm not big on reading series' books one right after the other so this will give me time to read the next book before the next season.
296	Brude	2011-04-18	I'm new here.  Hi all! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I have just recently been reading the first book.  I'm about 200 pages in and it seems I'm well past what happened in the first episode.  First book in a long while that I'm finding hard to put down.  I really enjoyed the show and I thought it was very much like the book. Question?  Does the first season go along with the first book only?Welcome!  And yes, Season 1 tracks with Book 1.  Book 2/Season 2 should do the same (assuming we get it) but after that we'll see.  Book 3 is very long and there is already talk that it might need to be split into two seasons, maybe a full 22 episodes between them.  Books 4 and 5 (which is coming out later this year) are an even more confusing issue as to how they will need to be structured for the series.  You'll understand why when you read them
297	kn32	2011-04-18	Ok - only casting I don't like is Theon. Everything else is perfect.Theon isn't at all as I've always pictured him. He looks like a dirty weasel. Somebody correct me if I'm wrong but isn't he supposed to be somewhat handsome?When I began reading the books, I was in full LOTR mode. So when I read that Theon was good with a bow, I pictured him like Orlando Bloom. So, the show is a far cry from my expectations of his appearance. Not that this is an issue at all to grumble about.
298	Areo	2011-04-18	I loved the opening credits, they are a work of art. Not spectacular, with knights and scenery, but very well made. I watched them 2-3 times and it is obvious how much care went into making them. I don't know what you guys expected, but it looks really good and besides, serves a purpose. 
This time I liked Will's beheading better. In the 14 minute preview the blood looked more... fake, like a ton of red paint, while here it was much more believable. I compared them and maybe it's just me, but they've improved on that scene. Also, in some of the previews when Bran runs on the walls of the castle there was a moment that was obviously CGI and it was OK here. So, basically, the visual part was perfect. The score could have been stronger, but I think we complain about it mostly because the other elements are exquisite and not that the music is weak itself.
The Dothraki wedding was a bit odd, which is to confirm all the reviews I've read reently. Other than that the sex was well placed. I didn't feel like it was overdone, certainly not more prominent than in the books and not really in greater quantities than in other quality shows without rating issues to consider.
As to many questions I read here people unfamiliar with the books asked, I found many clues in the dialoge and I guess with later episodes and reruns things will get clearer. Besides, HBO has a guide on their site to help in such cases where there is the basic info and without the danger of walking into a massive spoiler zone. 
Overall it was a feast for my eyes and I loved it. Too bad there is a whole week till the next one.
					
					
							Edited by Areo, 18 April 2011 - 03:52 AM.
299	reiver	2011-04-18	I don't think there's more sex in this than the books, if that's your complaint.The problem for me was the way the sex scenes were shot not the amount of sex. The camera panning down to make sure all of Emilia Clarke's buttocks were in the shot then the prolonged way she took the steps to the bath for example. I think they were going for it being almost ceremonial but the tone they'd set was pornographic and by that point it seemed just an excuse to have a five fingered shuffle. While the book isn't always decorous it didn't go into prolonged descriptions of Dany's sumptuous breasts etc in the first few pages and when we have had more fully described sex scenes it was about the story (with one major exception). I've no real problem addong these scenes to help establish characters and i'll admit they're all relatively in character but they felt more about showing tits (and in the shaving scene: abs) than the personalities inolved, almost like HBO have a nipple quotient. This was largely what turned me off True Blood so i hope it doesn't do the same. Ironically two of three scenes where nudity was involved in the books during this portion (Catelyn in her bedchamber being naked infront of maester Luwin and Cersei with Jamie) were done fully clothed. The Cat one at least was a real part of her character building.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 18 April 2011 - 04:21 AM.
300	Mexal	2011-04-18	Has anyone seen the next episodes?  I'm a huge fan of the books, read them each at least 3 times.  But honestly there was way too much sex/boobs/nudity in the first episode.  Does anyone know if this will continue?Definitely will. But as others have said, it's nothing more than what's in the books.I thought the first episode was way too choppy. The only reason I understood what was going on was because I read the books. I'm going to watch it with my partner later and I can already tell that she's going to be asking loads of questions. I wouldn't be surprised if she didn't like it because of that. It might get to the point where we wait for several episodes before making her watch them back to back. It felt that sparse with information. I understand why it was but I still think it'll be tough on new viewers.
301	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	Yeah, i felt it was pretty choppy as well. i'm sure if i wasn't familiar with the book i'd be lost. after they get to KL they will probably be able to slow down a bit.
302	truebookaddict	2011-04-18	Welcome!  And yes, Season 1 tracks with Book 1.  Book 2/Season 2 should do the same (assuming we get it) but after that we'll see.  Book 3 is very long and there is already talk that it might need to be split into two seasons, maybe a full 22 episodes between them.  Books 4 and 5 (which is coming out later this year) are an even more confusing issue as to how they will need to be structured for the series.  You'll understand why when you read themThank you! Based on what I saw tonight, we better get a second season...and a third and a fourth.....  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
303	Ran	2011-04-18	Regarding Episode 2 sex scenes:
	Spoiler There's a bit more nudity and sex with Emilia Clarke/Daenerys, but that's it. Won't be seeing half-naked Dothraki women again for awhile. Episodes 2-4 are quite light of nudity, actually, and then it starts ramping up a bit.
304	kn32	2011-04-18	Regarding Episode 2 sex scenes:
	Spoiler There's a bit more nudity and sex with Emilia Clarke/Daenerys, but that's it. Won't be seeing half-naked Dothraki women again for awhile. Episodes 2-4 are quite light of nudity, actually, and then it starts ramping up a bit.
That's a big relief for me. I don't mind seeing sex & nudity in adult entertainment at all, but excessive amounts really cheapen the material for me. Spartacus and True Blood are big offenders and it made me think much less of each of them (I'll refrain from saying exactly how much less. My girlfriend makes me watch True Blood *shudder*). It just reeks of an attempt to bring a barrage of cheap thrills to cover a weak point in story or even fill a large gap of time when there is nothing of substance to add. This definitely is not a story that needs to be propped up on breasts to appeal to adults, and there will be plenty on display naturally within the story to give people a tickle. No more need for surprise trips to the whore houses.
305	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	So, my husband watched the first episode with me- he hasn't read the books- and he like it overall, but had a few issues.1. He thought that Dothraki sounds like Klingon...2. Though Jaime looked like that prince from Shrek.3. Wasn't crazy about the music score- thought it was too typical of the genre.4. Was a bit confused in some conversations where back story is mentioned without explanation. Luckily he had me to explain some (particularly the scene in the crypt and the back story on Ned's dead sister and "him" who Robert hates so much). He (my husband) thinks if a viewer doesn't have someone who knows the novels around, they could feel a little lost, but basically understood that all backstories will eventually be revealed.5. He thought there was a tad too much dog style sex (3 scenes), and I kind of agree but understand why the Dothraki do it that way. My problem is mainly with the last "things I do for love" scene- it would have been more in keeping with her character if she had been on top.Otherwise he liked the show. I like it as well, but found the pace to be fast and choppy... But it's the pilot episode, so I expected it for the most part. Edit: P.S. Am I the only one who doesn't think the opening credits are all that awesome?Why can you understand the Dothraki doing it doggy, but not everyone else? I actually do think they were doing it to be historically accurate. That's the way people had sex. Missionary is fairly new and would have been used by mostly by the pious during those times.
306	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I must say I thought the amount of sex and nudity was perfect. More wouldn't have hurt. It's medieval. It's gritty and hard in that world. There is nothing wrong with the human body or sex. It didn't seem pornographic at all. It was all a part of the story.
307	Areo	2011-04-18	Why can you understand the Dothraki doing it doggy, but not everyone else? I actually do think they were doing it to be historically accurate. That's the way people had sex. Missionary is fairly new and would have been used by mostly by the pious during those times.I think we have a sort of consensus here that the last sexual scene was intended for surprise when we see Cersei's face, and not to be "historically accurate", whatever that means (I'd say nothing within a fantasy world). And saying that missionary is a new pose is strange, I'm pretty sure I've seen depictions of varous positions in Roman and Ancient Greek art. The only genuinely new poses in sex are those devised for porn movies - utterly uncomfortable but good for watching on screen. Otherwise the way people have sex hasn't changed a lot.
308	reiver	2011-04-18	I must say I thought the amount of sex and nudity was perfect. More wouldn't have hurt. It's medieval. It's gritty and hard in that world. There is nothing wrong with the human body or sex. It didn't seem pornographic at all. It was all a part of the story.I don't see the connection between "gritty and hard" and gratuitous, lingering nudity that is shot to titillate. Lets be clear about how choreograhed and cynical it was. They deliberately had the camera pan down to show Emilia Clarke's bum but also had her in such a pose that we wouldn't see any "lips" that we aren't supposed to. There's nothing natural about that and i find the whole thing slightly distasteful and unnecessary. Saying it's part of the story doesn't really excuse it when it's bad and weakens the whole rather than adds to it. Don't get me wrong, i'm hardly puritanical (as i'm sure no-one who reads and enjoys the books is) and i am not averse to nudity or sex when it's done right and done well. When it feels tacky and pervy it cheapens the whole production in the same way crappy SFX or clumsy dialogue does. A good example of natural nudity is things like Ewan Mcgregor in Trainspotting. That whole scene where he wanders out of a room naked pulling a used condom from his penis is pretty graphic as nudity goes but it is right for the scene and it's not got any fancy camera movements or lighting to pretty him up or hide stuff the actor doesn't want to show. I'm fine with lots of sex and nudity but please do it right and not go all True Blood or Starz.Edit: Thinking about it Deadwood is probably the perfect example. There was nudity, crudity and plentiful cocksucking but I don't remember it ever feeling forced or out of place.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 18 April 2011 - 08:11 AM.
309	Imp	2011-04-18	From the comments I saw here and other sites online I expected the sex and nudity to be completely over the top.
However after watching I didn't at all get that impression. Couple of brief sex scenes, one or two topless shots, and that was it. And (at least imo) all of the shown sex / nudity added to character and plot development.
Really the Rome pilot seemed a lot more gratuitous as far as the sex scenes go.
On the pilot overall I thought it was a solid adaption of the source material. Some of the expository dialogue seemed a little clunky. But that's to be expected when they had to fit so much into a 1 hour slot. Would give it a solid B/B+, and I expect it to improve as the characters and setting becomes more fleshed out.
310	sedeyus	2011-04-18	All the sex seemed pretty in-character to me. 1. Dany and Viserys - an effective way to show how much control he has over his sister and how much he abuses it. There's some foreshadowing and also hints about incest in the Targaryen history.  2. Tyrion and the whores - even getting past that it's a funny contrast between his stature and his um, ... prowess, Tyrion's whoring is actually a major character-trait. As the first season runs on, they'll explain why. 3. Dany's wedding - I think the wedding scene was to really drive home how alien the culture was to Dany. And the scene with her and Drogo to emphasize how brutal an arranged marriage can be. 4. Cersei and Jaime - obviviously, this one was vital to the story.  It actually annoyed me though. I don't care if they didn't use missionary in the middle ages, Cersei should have been on top. I don't even buy that is what simply about hiding her face, she could have her back to Bran, Jaime sees Bran in the window, and then Cersei turns around.
					
					
							Edited by sedeyus, 18 April 2011 - 08:56 AM.
311	chris.t.	2011-04-18	My wife hasn't read the books.  Her comment after Bran is pushed out of the tower:  "Well, this show just keeps giving and giving doesn't it."
I don't think she liked it.  But I didn't expect her to.
312	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I don't see the connection between "gritty and hard" and gratuitous, lingering nudity that is shot to titillate. Lets be clear about how choreograhed and cynical it was. They deliberately had the camera pan down to show Emilia Clarke's bum but also had her in such a pose that we wouldn't see any "lips" that we aren't supposed to. There's nothing natural about that and i find the whole thing slightly distasteful and unnecessary. Saying it's part of the story doesn't really excuse it when it's bad and weakens the whole rather than adds to it. Don't get me wrong, i'm hardly puritanical (as i'm sure no-one who reads and enjoys the books is) and i am not averse to nudity or sex when it's done right and done well. When it feels tacky and pervy it cheapens the whole production in the same way crappy SFX or clumsy dialogue does. A good example of natural nudity is things like Ewan Mcgregor in Trainspotting. That whole scene where he wanders out of a room naked pulling a used condom from his penis is pretty graphic as nudity goes but it is right for the scene and it's not got any fancy camera movements or lighting to pretty him up or hide stuff the actor doesn't want to show. I'm fine with lots of sex and nudity but please do it right and not go all True Blood or Starz.Edit: Thinking about it Deadwood is probably the perfect example. There was nudity, crudity and plentiful cocksucking but I don't remember it ever feeling forced or out of place.I didn't think seeing her bum was that gratuitous. It's a butt, hardly worthy of even being called nudity. Girls in thongs show just as much and that isn't considered nudity. And I think comparing it to True Blood is well off the mark. True Blood is disgusting. I didn't feel that way about any scenes in GoT. Also you normally don't see "lips" when a person is standing up. Do you? I'm not sure. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I thought Dany's scenes showed her vulnerability, how she had no control over herself, and how she was sort of a blank canvas still yet to be painted or molded. The nudity seemed to show those traits very well IMO. I guess I just have no problem with nudity at all. If it was done in a forced way, I think it was there to get you ready and used to it, because there will be a lot more, and viewers better drop their perconceived notions when dealing with this series. I'm not saying you have them but I'm sure some viewers do, and if some were done a bit over the top, they were intended to affect them. I also think reading it and seeing it are two different things. We make the sex and nudity fit what we expect, but visually we have to accept someone else's interpretations. But I respect your view, but please it was nothing like True Blood. That stuff is just gross!
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 09:32 AM.
313	Areo	2011-04-18	Oh, dear! I don't remember perceiving True Blood so distasteful as so many here describe it. Perhaps I started watching it with a different mindset, you know, vampire bs. But it's true that out of proportion sex can ruin things. Spartacus was for me a load of crap. I like watching sex and men fighting with swords, but you can't just throw it all in without anything meaningful besides it. 
HBO generally don't do that and I see GoT as done pretty well in this respect. Boardwalk had some mildly shocking scenes, like opening of legs to show lack of panties and cutting a prostitute's face. Yet, it doesn't feel cheap and excessive (to me).  BTW, did you see the finale of the latest The Borgias? Sforza says "We're married now" and goes on raping his teen wife Lucrezia, with hints of worse things to follow in this marriage. So get over that Dany/Drogo scene. It's well done and I could've even accepted more just to get a real feel of how vulnerable Daenerys is.
314	fitheach	2011-04-18	Why can you understand the Dothraki doing it doggy, but not everyone else? I actually do think they were doing it to be historically accurate. That's the way people had sex. Missionary is fairly new and would have been used by mostly by the pious during those times.I understand why the Dothraki did it that way, because I've read the books (it's explained how they have sex and why)... No missionary is not new, just the name missionary is new. Sexually, there's probably nothing new under the sun.Anyway, let's not thread jack this discussion about what sexual positions were common in a fantasy world. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />4. Cersei and Jaime - obviviously, this one was vital to the story.  It actually annoyed me though. I don't care if they didn't use missionary in the middle ages, Cersei should have been on top. I don't even buy that is what simply about hiding her face, she could have her back to Bran, Jaime sees Bran in the window, and then Cersei turns around./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> She's totally an on the top type- it would be in keeping with the character, and that's really the only thing that bugged me (and only a little). But maybe there was some issue with the actress, I think she was pregnant at that time- so maybe this worked better for filming.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 18 April 2011 - 11:26 AM.
315	Lannes	2011-04-18	He thought that Dothraki sounds like Klingon...My wife (who has read the first 3 books) also commented on this and how the Dothraki "acted" Klingon as well. Who knows....maybe some Klingon was in the back of GRRM's mind when he created them.
					
					
							Edited by Lannes, 18 April 2011 - 09:54 AM.
316	reiver	2011-04-18	I also think reading it and seeing it are two different things. We make the sex and nudity fit what we expect, but visually we have to accept someone else's interpretations. But I respect your view, but please it was nothing like True Blood. That stuff is just gross!Maybe i'm overreacting, i've only seen it once and the Tyrion scene coming in the middle of (what should have been) my favourite scene from the episode may have made me look at it less favourably. Especially given what was sacrificed to include more breasts. I agree that reading and seeing are very different. I think that tone crosses over though. Saying someone is naked as setting the scene can be carried over into film by the way a scene is shot. The way the Dany or the Tyrion scene was shot would be the equivalent of one of those pulp airport books with a couple of pages dedicated to description of bodies. GRRM does that maybe twice in the series so far. So while i agree there's lots of sex and nudity in the books i see it as different types.
317	Xenophon	2011-04-18	Maybe i'm overreacting, i've only seen it once and the Tyrion scene coming in the middle of (what should have been) my favourite scene from the episode may have made me look at it less favourably. Especially given what was sacrificed to include more breasts. I agree that reading and seeing are very different. I think that tone crosses over though. Saying someone is naked as setting the scene can be carried over into film by the way a scene is shot. The way the Dany or the Tyrion scene was shot would be the equivalent of one of those pulp airport books with a couple of pages dedicated to description of bodies. GRRM does that maybe twice in the series so far. So while i agree there's lots of sex and nudity in the books i see it as different types.Agreed 100%.  I don't remember how exactly the Tyrion scene was described in the book, but I doubt it was like what we saw on TV, where whatever we were supposed to learn about his character and relationship with Jaime was completely overshadowed by the whore parade.
318	Nichole	2011-04-18	I really enjoyed the first episode and even watched it a second time. Unfortunately, my husband is out of town right now and I was looking forward to watching with him since he has not read the books. But, a friend of mine has not read the books but her husband has and apparently she would have been lost with out him. Now, Sunday can't get here soon enough!
And welcome to all the newcomers. I really want to hear your opinions about the show so please stick around.
319	aimlessgun	2011-04-18	It really was quite odd that they didn't have the nudity for Cat/Ned and Jaime/Cersei. I would much rather have had them use their 'nudity budget' there instead of on Tyrion's whore, Dothraki women, and a long shot of Dany getting into a bath. I thought the first episode was way too choppy. The only reason I understood what was going on was because I read the books. I'm going to watch it with my partner later and I can already tell that she's going to be asking loads of questions. I wouldn't be surprised if she didn't like it because of that. It might get to the point where we wait for several episodes before making her watch them back to back. It felt that sparse with information. I understand why it was but I still think it'll be tough on new viewers.Hmm that might be a big part of the reason things felt off to me. Like a bunch of snapshots ripped out of a larger story that the books tell. There's so much that I know I'm not being shown that it tickles the corners of my brain.
320	Wras	2011-04-18	I watched it with my parents.
My mother actually liked it enough that she asked for the books, so there's another fan! 
My dad was confused at the end and I was like, "They're twins". And he's like 'UGH', but he liked it too.
321	Xenophon	2011-04-18	It really was quite odd that they didn't have the nudity for Cat/Ned and Jaime/Cersei. I would much rather have had them use their 'nudity budget' there instead of on Tyrion's whore, Dothraki women, and a long shot of Dany getting into a bath. Jamie/Cersei, yes.  Cat/Ned, no.  There's really no need for Ned and Cat to be naked in that scene.  It adds nothing, and would distract enormously from what's actually going on.  With Jamie/Cersei, I agree completely.  I would have made the discovery even more shocking.
322	Lazarus	2011-04-18	I find it rather funny that this thread is stuck on the sex scenes...  But I admit I have issues with it myself...  I gree with this:Jamie/Cersei, yes.  Cat/Ned, no.  There's really no need for Ned and Cat to be naked in that scene.  It adds nothing, and would distract enormously from what's actually going on.  With Jamie/Cersei, I agree completely.  I would have made the discovery even more shocking.Even though the scene with Cat/Ned in the bedroom did in fact describer her as getting out of bed in front of Lewin with no clothes on, it doesn't serve any purpose for the film...  With Ceirce/Jaime you have to show the incestuous relationship and show it in a way that it is obvious this has been going on for a long time - The plot demands it...One thing i am a little peeved about, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I con't recall Tyrion running immediately to sample the whores or Winterfell before he went to the castle...  If I'm wrong, do correct me, but it just cheapened the film for me - In this respect HBO seems to be staffed with lonely adolescents who are ruled by their hormones...  Yes we all know about sex and we all think its a wonderful thing - Thank you, God, for the sex - But for crissakes to insert it (no pun intended) in the story when its not necessary?As to the doggie position controversy - With the Dothraki, I think Martin made it clear that was theur way - Maybe we should say it was the Horsey position - And Dany introduced Drogo to some other more intimate arrangements...  As to Ceirce/Jaime, again correct me if I'm wrong, the book decribes them as Jaime being behind her but i alwats got the impression they were standing - Admittedly not a position that is easy for all men, but Jaime is known for his swordmanship, is he not?Little things like this were obvious in the book - Why the directors decided to change them for the film I cannot begin to speculate on...  Sometimes I wonder if they really read the book or read the Cliff Notes...
323	ElAguila	2011-04-18	I have been a member for a while but have not posted much. I wanted to say I thought they did a good job with episode 1. I know that people usually love or absolutely hate shows that are book conversions. A lot of people forget that there is quite a difference between reading a book and reading a script. I thought the episode did not change any major themes of the book. I am a little baffled that sex seems to be the focus for a lot of people. To me the sex seemed incidental and only served to reinforce time period. We are looking at a world equivalent to our own middle ages.
					
					
							Edited by ElAguila, 18 April 2011 - 11:42 AM.
324	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	I thought Momoa sounded more like a Pacific Islander than either an Arab or a Klingon.  Every time I hear him speak Dothraki, I think it is the prelude to a Haka.With Eddard and Catelyn being aged up, I think the decision to omit their nude scene wasn't a bad one.  I wouldn't be surprised to learn that Ms. Fairley has a no-nudity clause in her contract.Theon and Viserys comparison - very mild spoiler
	Spoiler With the interviews I've seen so far, the one casting 'change' I would make would be to have Harry Lloyd play Theon.  Harry's devotion to the series is clear and Theon is a bigger role down the road.
325	Upjumped	2011-04-18	Really, why is this thread all just about the sexytime?  Is that the only thing worth commenting on??   Although I wouldn't complain if someone were to upload to YouTube the shirtless-getting-shaved-in-Winterfell scene /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I really enjoyed the show quite a lot and thought it was very well done and moved amazingly (sometimes head-hurtingly) fast.  I've never been a big fan of the whole Dany plotline, and the Dothraki-as-random-brown-savages was a little disturbing, but I have to say that my favorite character from last night was Jorah Mormont.  Even without much to do, he made a great impression.  Also great to see was Benjen, who looked very much like a Stark to me.  With so much focus on the major roles, it is nice to see some of the ancillary-but-still-important characters get fleshed out.  
And yes, the credits are very fun!
326	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	edit - wrong thread, I think.
					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 18 April 2011 - 11:45 AM.
327	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Lol.  Same thing the person I was watching with said.  Marky Mark.  :3I thought he looked a little like Matt Damon.
328	Lazarus	2011-04-18	In general I want to say i am pleased with the casting and the execution of the story - Just a few details that annoy me - Some greatly...  With respect to this observation......the Dothraki-as-random-brown-savages was a little disturbing, but I have to say that my favorite character from last night was Jorah Mormont.  Even without much to do, he made a great impression.  Also great to see was Benjen, who looked very much like a Stark to me.  With so much focus on the major roles, it is nice to see some of the ancillary-but-still-important characters get fleshed out.  And yes, the credits are very fun!I was very disappointed with how they display the Dothraki - HBO is showing its obsession with modern cultural diversity...  The Dothraki should be for the most part racially contiguous...  Their physical decription in the book leaves nothing to play with on this one...  HBO portrays them as the cast to a high school production of "Fame"...  They are the Dothraki, not an LA Street gang...  Please God, don't let Kal Drogo start rapping...  Additionally, I'm having some serious doubts about the choice for Drogo's actor and the way he is portrayed...  In the book he was extremely gentle and thoughtful with Dany - The book protrays him as a true warrior king even if his nation is somewhat barbaric...  I think HBO has failed on this point...Benjen Stark was perfect!  He had enough facial similarities with Ned to clearly make them brothers...I saw a preview clip of Lisa Arryn - Total failure of HBO's part - For crissakes how could they get this so wrong?The credits/intro was fascinating but it made me laugh because it defeated the purpose of the credits - No one was watching the credits - We were all fascinated by the moving models...  HA!I will say this - My two favorite characters in the entire story are Tyrion and Arya and I think they got precisely the right casting fit for those two characters - Tyrion probably could have used a bit more on the cosmetic makeup, but the actor is doing a fine job...  And Arya is precisely the way I envisioned her...
					
					
							Edited by Lazarus, 18 April 2011 - 12:05 PM.
329	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I understand why the Dothraki did it that way, because I've read the books (it's explained how they have sex and why)... No missionary is not new, just the name missionary is new. Sexually, there's probably nothing new under the sun.Anyway, let's not thread jack this discussion about what sexual positions were common in a fantasy world. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> She's totally an on the top type- it would be in keeping with the character, and that's really the only thing that bugged me (and only a little). But maybe there was some issue with the actress, I think she was pregnant at that time- so maybe this worked better for filming.OK you're right. Those are my own preconceived notions. I see doggy as more animalistic, more primitive. Like it was the first sex position. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> So the farther something goes back in history, the more I think the percentage of doggy going on was higher. "On top type"? What makes you think that? I didn't get that.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 12:43 PM.
330	ZombieWife	2011-04-18	5. He thought there was a tad too much dog style sex (3 scenes), and I kind of agree but understand why the Dothraki do it that way. My problem is mainly with the last "things I do for love" scene- it would have been more in keeping with her character if she had been on top.I think that this scene was one of the ones they kept from the pilot?  Maybe not?  If so, Lena Headey was very pregnant at the time and perhaps they showed her doggy style to hide her belly.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 18 April 2011 - 12:06 PM.
331	ZombieWife	2011-04-18	In regard to the opening title.  What is that spinning thing called?  Is there a name for it?  I loved how it switched from:
Dragon dominating.
Stag, Lion, Direwolf (and probably others, Bear, etc) attacking Dragon.
Stag Reigning.  Lion nearby, Wolf and Bear off to the side.
332	strongboar	2011-04-18	In general I want to say i am pleased with the casting and the execution of the story - Just a few details that annoy me - Some greatly...  With respect to this observation...I was very disappointed with how they display the Dothraki - HBO is showing its obsession with modern cultural diversity...  The Dothraki should be for the most part racially contiguous...  Their physical decription in the book leaves nothing to play with on this one...  HBO portrays them as the cast to a high school production of "Fame"...  They are the Dothraki, not an LA Street gang...  Please God, don't let Kal Drogo start rapping...  How do you expect them to find about 100 racially contiguous non-white extras on Malta or in Northern Ireland?
333	fitheach	2011-04-18	I think that this scene was one of the ones they kept from the pilot?  Maybe not?  If so, Lena Headey was very pregnant at the time and perhaps they showed her doggy style to hide her belly.Yeah, I figured it had to do with her pregnancy... It just seemed- off, considering the character. But really, the sex doesn't bother me- only if it takes away from the show or character.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 18 April 2011 - 12:22 PM.
334	fitheach	2011-04-18	double post..
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 18 April 2011 - 12:19 PM.
335	Lazarus	2011-04-18	How do you expect them to find about 100 racially contiguous non-white extras on Malta or in Northern Ireland?I didn't know they were required to use only local talent...  My analogy to a high school play was intended to be light humorous sarcasm - Maybe I wasn't as far off the mark as I thought...  I always expected HBO to have the budget to actually pull off such a story with reasonable accuracy...  Let's hope their next project isn't a remake of the film "Zulu" - Filmed in Japan...  Otherwise we're going to be a tad disappointed, I think.../biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
336	Strick	2011-04-18	I find it rather funny that this thread is stuck on the sex scenes...  But I admit I have issues with it myself...  I gree with this:Even though the scene with Cat/Ned in the bedroom did in fact describer her as getting out of bed in front of Lewin with no clothes on, it doesn't serve any purpose for the film...  With Ceirce/Jaime you have to show the incestuous relationship and show it in a way that it is obvious this has been going on for a long time - The plot demands it...One thing i am a little peeved about, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I con't recall Tyrion running immediately to sample the whores or Winterfell before he went to the castle...  If I'm wrong, do correct me, but it just cheapened the film for me - In this respect HBO seems to be staffed with lonely adolescents who are ruled by their hormones...  Yes we all know about sex and we all think its a wonderful thing - Thank you, God, for the sex - But for crissakes to insert it (no pun intended) in the story when its not necessary?As to the doggie position controversy - With the Dothraki, I think Martin made it clear that was theur way - Maybe we should say it was the Horsey position - And Dany introduced Drogo to some other more intimate arrangements...  As to Ceirce/Jaime, again correct me if I'm wrong, the book decribes them as Jaime being behind her but i alwats got the impression they were standing - Admittedly not a position that is easy for all men, but Jaime is known for his swordmanship, is he not?Little things like this were obvious in the book - Why the directors decided to change them for the film I cannot begin to speculate on...  Sometimes I wonder if they really read the book or read the Cliff Notes...My thoughts are very much in line with his.  I've read GoT three times now, and I don't remember the Tyrion/Jaime/whores scene at all.  It worked well, and it goes a long way to showing Jaime's "human side", but I'm pretty sure it was added just for the series.I disagree with a previous poster who implied that the missionary position was uncommon back then.  GRRM made it a point in the book for someone to explain to Dany that the Dothraki "take their women" from behind, as if this were not the norm (at least in Westeros).Jaime and Cersei were standing in their sex scene in the book.  Cersei was pressed up against the wall and she was the first to see Bran.  I think it was probably changed in the film for both reasons already offered - to hide her pregnancy and for the shock/surprise factor when we finally do see her face.Overall I really liked the HBO version.  I thought the casting was good and the production was excellent.  I thought the acting was only so-so, to tell the truth, particularly Jon Snow and Viserys Targaryen.  I have no problem with the sex/nudity so long as it's important to the story (and those new fans who do take offense need to realize they don't know the story, yet).  A couple of things I didn't like/understand:In the opening scene, the bodies that Will found weren't cut up in the book.  I imagine that would make it difficult for them to come back to life and hunt the living, no?  And I don't understand the significance (if any) of the pattern the body parts were arranged in.  Perhaps it will be made clear later on.I don't like the way Drogo forced himself on Dany on their wedding night.  The book described it as more of a seduction - he was surprisingly gentle with her and she wanted him at the end.Cersei is not evil enough.  I'm sure we'll see more evil in the future, but, for example, in the book, killing Bran was clearly her idea.  In the movie, I didn't get that impression.I thought it would have been very difficult to understand much of what was happening without having read the books.  I watched this with my wife and I spent half of my time explaining things and answering questions (while trying not to give too much away)...
337	Kalbear	2011-04-18	The Dothraki should be for the most part racially contiguousActually that's really not true. The Dothraki range more than virtually any other culture on the planet, and they are constantly conquesting other groups, taking slaves, taking wives, etc. Why do you think Khal Drogo decided to take Dany as his queen anyway? It's not her Valyrian blood. You're thinking that the Dothraki are isolated from the rest of the world. They're not. They're not like Native Americans in behavior - they're like the Mongols. And like the Mongols, you can find traces of Dothraki DNA from one end of the world to the other.Mostly, why does it matter? If they can act reasonably well and do the parts, what does it matter what their ethnicity is? It's not like they made Khal Drogo a woman or something.I've read GoT three times now, and I don't remember the Tyrion/Jaime/whores scene at all. It worked well, and it goes a long way to showing Jaime's "human side", but I'm pretty sure it was added just for the series.It was added for the series and to showcase the Jaime/Tyrion relationship a bit earlier.
					
					
							Edited by Razorbeef McSlaughter, 18 April 2011 - 12:49 PM.
338	Lazarus	2011-04-18	...I disagree with a previous poster who implied that the missionary position was uncommon back then.  GRRM made it a point in the book for someone to explain to Dany that the Dothraki "take their women" from behind, as if this were not the norm (at least in Westeros).Excellent point...  Good attention to detail......I thought the acting was only so-so, to tell the truth, particularly Jon Snow and Viserys Targaryen.Agreed on the point of Viserys - In the book he was incredibly cruel to Dany...  The scene where he undresses her in the film was not really in character with him - He looks like he's lusting for her...  In the book he would have twisted her nipple to dominate her will...  In the book he was a despicable little shit - In the film he's almost forgetable...  I fear i am not going to enjoy the Dothraki side of HBO's presentation...I don't like the way Drogo forced himself on Dany on their wedding night.  The book described it as more of a seduction - he was surprisingly gentle with her and she wanted him at the end.Again, correct...  Drogo was very much the noble warrior king, and he treated Dany with extreme gentleness and was highly protective of her - He was also thoughtful enough to let her show him alternative ways of lovemaking different from the Dothraki culture...  I think the Martin's Drogo is more sophisticated and intelligent than HBO gives him credit for...Cersei is not evil enough.  I'm sure we'll see more evil in the future, but, for example, in the book, killing Bran was clearly her idea.  In the movie, I didn't get that impression.Boy you got that right...  When I saw the pre-film photos of the cast I thought the actress was a good pic for Cercei, but I was a tad bit disappointed with the execution of her character in the film...  Did anyone else have a problem with the scene in the crypts? All the candles and torches - All this time I thought it was a dark, dank, disturbing sort of place - Man was I wrong - Why the crypts of Winterfell are bright and cheery - A virtual party atmosphere.../biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I would have liked it much better if Robert and Ned had gone thru the dark with torches in their hands, with the shadows playing off the spooky images of long dead masters of Winterfell looking thru dead stone eyes...
339	chaosapiant	2011-04-18	also, those who are new to the forums and Game of Thrones, welcome. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />From someone whose read the books a few times,I will say that more sex scenes were in the first episode than in the beginning of the actual book.  HOWEVER, the sex scenes in the book are VERY graphic and detailed, bordering on erotic literature, so I think the trade off makes sense there.
340	Lazarus	2011-04-18	Actually that's really not true. The Dothraki range more than virtually any other culture on the planet, and they are constantly conquesting other groups, taking slaves, taking wives, etc. Why do you think Khal Drogo decided to take Dany as his queen anyway? It's not her Valyrian blood. You're thinking that the Dothraki are isolated from the rest of the world...No, I understand your point and I do agree with the concept they they conquer and absorb other cultures...  But I got the distinct feeling from Martin's descriptions of them that there is a central racial core that is distinctly separate from those they conquer and take as slaves...  But we have what we have with the film and I suppose some of us will have to use a bit more imagination...  I just expected the filmmakers to put a little more effort into it than they did on this front...  As one other poster implied, maybe it they used the people who were close at hand - Budgets being what they are...
341	chaosapiant	2011-04-18	From someone whose read the books a few times,I will say that more sex scenes were in the first episode than in the beginning of the actual book. HOWEVER, the sex scenes in the book are VERY graphic and detailed, bordering on erotic literature, so I think the trade off makes sense there. 
Double Edit: quoted the wrong person, made correction, then lost post, which I reposted above; sorry for any confusion.
					
					
							Edited by chaosapiant, 18 April 2011 - 01:19 PM.
342	K26dp	2011-04-18	My thoughts are very much in line with his.  I've read GoT three times now, and I don't remember the Tyrion/Jaime/whores scene at all.  It worked well, and it goes a long way to showing Jaime's "human side", but I'm pretty sure it was added just for the series.I think the new Tyrion introduction scene served three purposes:1. In the book, Tyrion is introduced in the same scene where Jon and Benjen discuss Jon's desire to take the black. By introducing Tyrion earlier, it makes the Jon scene more about Jon and his motivations without getting sidetracked with also introducing Tyrion. Tyrion shows up in the scene because it's the start of the Tyrion-Jon relationship, but the scene in the show stays focused on Jon. 2. The brothel scene establishes Jaime and Tyrion's relationship pretty well, something that's done in the books more through internal dialogue.3. The slurping sounds as Tyrion is drinking his ale, then continuing after he stops is just funny as hell.I don't like the way Drogo forced himself on Dany on their wedding night.  The book described it as more of a seduction - he was surprisingly gentle with her and she wanted him at the end.We'll see if it backs back that the end of that scene was a fake-out or not. But I think the show has is more right. Dany is essentially being sold as a sex slave to suit a political purpose. There's nothing nice or pretty about it, and Martin having her "enjoy" her wedding night in the book is one of his biggest cop-outs. I'm sure a lot of viewers were expecting Dany to be rescued or to talk her way out the situation. That she didn't showed just how brutal and different this "fantasy" world is.
343	chaosapiant	2011-04-18	Bishop437,Thanks so much for explaining the Nights Watch path to honor thing. And we thought we had a lack of career opportunities here during the recession. Thanks for the unsaid as I'm not trying to be insulting to fans in any way. But if I end up really getting involved in the story, I'll be wanting a fun place to talk about it so posting here is a sign of optimism.:-)In addition to what was said above about Jon's potential quest for "honor," also note that everyone who was at the beheading didn't really believe what the deserter was saying anyway, and probably just took him for a man pleading for his life after not having the stomach for duty.  It could still be off-putting to potential recruits such as Jon Snow, but not as much as if it is suggested that dangerous things DO live beyond The Wall.
344	Hobo Joe	2011-04-18	I think the fact that everyone's biggest complaint seems to be "too much doggy style" means it was a pretty successful adaptation.
345	Xenophon	2011-04-18	Actually that's really not true. The Dothraki range more than virtually any other culture on the planet, and they are constantly conquesting other groups, taking slaves, taking wives, etc. Why do you think Khal Drogo decided to take Dany as his queen anyway? It's not her Valyrian blood. You're thinking that the Dothraki are isolated from the rest of the world. They're not. They're not like Native Americans in behavior - they're like the Mongols. And like the Mongols, you can find traces of Dothraki DNA from one end of the world to the other.Mostly, why does it matter? If they can act reasonably well and do the parts, what does it matter what their ethnicity is? It's not like they made Khal Drogo a woman or something.No, I understand your point and I do agree with the concept they they conquer and absorb other cultures...  But I got the distinct feeling from Martin's descriptions of them that there is a central racial core that is distinctly separate from those they conquer and take as slaves...  I think Lazarus is right--the Dothraki are presented as more racial homogeneous in the books, even if that doesn't make much sense for the reasons given above.  So I actually like that the show reenvisioned them a bit.  But I still think they did a half-assed job of it.  If you're going to make the Dothraki a pseudo-Mongol horde, then you've got to explain that to the audience.  Having a few white guys in the mix probably would have helped.  As it is, the Dothraki are some weird melange of anything brownish.  As for why it matters, it clashes with the tone in the rest of the show.  In the other parts of the show the characters are carefully cast to have family resemblances, and costumes that look "realistic".  Then you have a bunch of vaguely-brown savages in crazy costumes.  To me it looked straight out of a cheesy low-budget B-movie, and it's hardly surprising that a lot of reviewers criticized this.
346	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I think Lazarus is right--the Dothraki are presented as more racial homogeneous in the books, even if that doesn't make much sense for the reasons given above.  So I actually like that the show reenvisioned them a bit.  But I still think they did a half-assed job of it.  If you're going to make the Dothraki a pseudo-Mongol horde, then you've got to explain that to the audience.  Having a few white guys in the mix probably would have helped.  As it is, the Dothraki are some weird melange of anything brownish.  As for why it matters, it clashes with the tone in the rest of the show.  In the other parts of the show the characters are carefully cast to have family resemblances, and costumes that look "realistic".  Then you have a bunch of vaguely-brown savages in crazy costumes.  To me it looked straight out of a cheesy low-budget B-movie, and it's hardly surprising that a lot of reviewers criticized this.I agree.
347	cybroleach	2011-04-18	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> She's totally an on the top type- it would be in keeping with the character, and that's really the only thing that bugged me (and only a little). But maybe there was some issue with the actress, I think she was pregnant at that time- so maybe this worked better for filming.I dont get this push by so many fans here looking at her in book character
	Spoiler Jamie holds her against the wall to finger her, Jamie throws her against the sept statue, she describes Robert& Oswell on top of her with their chest hair in her face, Osney takes her against the wall, her only 'ontop' mention is pretending to be Robert with Lady M.
348	Strick	2011-04-18	Cersei is a dominating bitch everywhere but in the bedroom.  In bed is the only place she gets to be feminine and submissive - but only with certain men, of course...
349	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I dont get this push by so many fans here looking at her in book character
	Spoiler Jamie holds her against the wall to finger her, Jamie throws her against the sept statue, she describes Robert& Oswell on top of her with their chest hair in her face, Osney takes her against the wall, her only 'ontop' mention is pretending to be Robert with Lady M.
I agree.
350	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	mod:
several things:
a. This is the "NO BOOK SPOILERS" thread, so quoting the books at length, especially future events that aren't in the episode (even its hidden) rather defeats the point. 
b. Not much point to posts that are nothing but "I agree" either. 
c. HBO went there so we won't have to. Keep it tasteful with the sex talk.  
/mod
351	Trebla	2011-04-18	[mod] Let's try to keep it clean, guys [/mod]
352	Lazarus	2011-04-18	...Dany is essentially being sold as a sex slave to suit a political purpose. There's nothing nice or pretty about it, and Martin having her "enjoy" her wedding night in the book is one of his biggest cop-outs..Well that's true but only from Viserys' angle...  He intends to use his sister any way he can to achieve his ends, and that includes using her as a whore...  But I don't think that applies at all to Kal Drogo...  He wasn't buying breeding stock - He took her as his wife - The Kalisi...  There was no political gain in it for him at all...  Everything Martin wrote regarding the relationship between Dany and Drogo is nothing short of honest tenderness and respect...  From that point of view, her blissful wedding night is completely believable...  And I think that was what Martin was trying to convey - A true love relationship formed between Dany and Drogo that supercedes all the ugliness surrounding Viserys or the barbarity of the Dothraki culture...
353	The Bastard King	2011-04-18	The credits were very cool, but they didn't feel like they belonged. Maybe that will change with later episodes. The rest was all well and good, I suppose. It's quite strange though, watching this show after having read the novels. Everything just feels a little...off. I hope this dissonance will disappear as I watch more.Yeah, I felt the exact same way about the feel of the show. We already saw a good chunk of the scenes of the first episode in previews and clips so I'm more excited about the next episode.
354	King in B-Town	2011-04-18	I think the fact that everyone's biggest complaint seems to be "too much doggy style" means it was a pretty successful adaptation.I think you've hit the nail on the head.  The adaptation was very good, everything looked fantastic and the "feel" of it was spot on.  But in my opinion the explicit scenes did more harm than good.  Plus, as someone noted earlier, with how much material they have to try and pack into each episode, why spend so much time on the sex?
355	Kalbear	2011-04-18	I remarked to my wife that the byline should have been "In the game of thrones you hit it doggiestyle or you die".
356	chris.t.	2011-04-18	I remarked to my wife that the byline should have been "In the game of thrones you hit it doggiestyle or you die".Not trying to give away spoilers here, but I'm fairly sure there are those that hit it doggie-style but still do die.  So perhaps it should be, "You're going to die eventually, so you might as well hit it doggie-style."
357	Kalbear	2011-04-18	It was a joke, son.
358	aeu	2011-04-18	Everything Martin wrote regarding the relationship between Dany and Drogo is nothing short of honest tenderness and respect...  This is just not true. It is being explained in detail in the actual book spoilers thread.
359	Dan489	2011-04-18	Hey I'm new to this, just a couple of quick questions:
-Benjen travels south to Winterfell, however I thought it was forbidden for members of the Night's Watch to leave the Wall like that.
-Who runs King's Landing while the entire royal family is in Winterfell?
360	Kalbear	2011-04-18	-Benjen travels south to Winterfell, however I thought it was forbidden for members of the Night's Watch to leave the Wall like that.If you're leaving on official business, it's allowed. They can't desert, but they can move around some as long as it's okay. Who runs King's Landing while the entire royal family is in Winterfell?The small council. You'll see more of them later.
361	adamsputnik	2011-04-18	Hey I'm new to this, just a couple of quick questions:-Benjen travels south to Winterfell, however I thought it was forbidden for members of the Night's Watch to leave the Wall like that.-Who runs King's Landing while the entire royal family is in Winterfell?- He does so in the book, so...presumably he either has permission or else as First Ranger he has privileges. Can't remember either way.- The Small Council, one would think. Robert doesn't do a whole lot of ruling anyway.
362	Holymoly	2011-04-19	I'll admit to being "slightly" underwhelmed by the first episode and think that the schedulers missed a trick by not programming a double length first episode in order to really hook newcomers to the series, although I admit that Bran being pushed out the window was a great climax. Also, in the UK I'm slightly bemused by Sky inserting a single commercial break at 20 minutes and then overrunning the hour by the length of that break. Why not just let it play uninterrupted?
I'm sure that viewing the recording again tonight will yield a little more as I was slightly hampered last night by a few people in the room with me talking almost all the way through. Well, at least until the first full frontal nudity scene that is. I have to say that HBO's decision to go with the sexual content of the books augers well for later on as it is integral to the understanding for much of what is due to transpire in later episodes. Hopefully they do not cave in to the inevitable backlash from some quarters and sanitize the "earthy" qualities of the books.
Successes of episode one for me were Bran, Tyrion and Catelyn. Disappointments, Sansa (too spoilt and not just naive) and Cersei (too easy to pity as an unloved, unwanted wife). Also the white walkers? Appearing in daylight and just having the standard horror flic signature of blue eyed, doll-like features?
I'm hoping the series picks up. I'm sure people who haven't read the books were knocked out but episode one didn't tick all the boxes for me in the way the LoTR films did.
So far? A solid B+.
363	theMountainGoat	2011-04-19	If I can make one observation about this thread it is that anyone who has read the books should NOT post in this thread at all whatsoever.
Discussion about what has changed between book and TV is completely inappropriate in this thread and in my opinion there should be none of it here at all. People who are new to the series and only watching the show don't want to read that stuff and don't want to know.
There are several veiled hints about what might come up in future episodes/seasons. And worse some replies to the few genuine non-reader viewers we have saying "watch next week" in response to specific points which is only going to make the non-readers think about how their assumptions are wrong. In my opinion that is a spoiler.
I can understand the whole "I know what you don't know and I want to tell you you'll love it" mentality, but for those of us who have read the books the joy of the NO SPOILERS thread will be seeing the unspoiled reactions of new fans watching and enjoying the story for the first time. But the only way to maintain that is to keep things completely spoiler free which I feel this thread is not at this time.
Just my opinion on the subject but I hope others will do more to restrain themselves and take the discussion about book spoilers and differences to the appropriate threads where they belong. Thank you.
364	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	If I can make one observation about this thread it is that anyone who has read the books should NOT post in this thread at all whatsoever.Discussion about what has changed between book and TV is completely inappropriate in this thread and in my opinion there should be none of it here at all. People who are new to the series and only watching the show don't want to read that stuff and don't want to know.There are several veiled hints about what might come up in future episodes/seasons. And worse some replies to the few genuine non-reader viewers we have saying "watch next week" in response to specific points which is only going to make the non-readers think about how their assumptions are wrong. In my opinion that is a spoiler.I can understand the whole "I know what you don't know and I want to tell you you'll love it" mentality, but for those of us who have read the books the joy of the NO SPOILERS thread will be seeing the unspoiled reactions of new fans watching and enjoying the story for the first time. But the only way to maintain that is to keep things completely spoiler free which I feel this thread is not at this time.Just my opinion on the subject but I hope others will do more to restrain themselves and take the discussion about book spoilers and differences to the appropriate threads where they belong. Thank you.I disagree that people that have read the books shouldn't be posting in this thread. New viewers are sometimes asking questions that can only be answered by information in the book. For example I think it's fine to say why Benjen could come to Winterfell as that will likely not be explained in any detail.I do, however, agree that things that will likely come up in the series, plus changes from book to show, has no place here. The former are of course spoilers for the show and the latter are spoilers for the book and it's not at all unlikely that someone will want to pick it up after they've watched this season.For example, the top post on this page is a clear spoiler because we are not supposed to know that yet.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 19 April 2011 - 06:32 AM.
365	Areon	2011-04-19	Concerning the sex in this episode, in my opinion, it is done just right. We are shown what's going on in a very unapologetic fashion without having to sit through any prolonged humping. This does not resemble pornography in any way.
366	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Concerning the sex in this episode, in my opinion, it is done just right. We are shown what's going on in a very unapologetic fashion without having to sit through any prolonged humping. This does not resemble pornography in any way.That I agree with. There weren't really much at all when it came to sex scenes, we just saw build ups with some naked bodies and the rest was either not shown or very covered up. Not really close to what we saw in True Blood, to name one example.People that weren't odd in some way still felt really modest, not least for a land not plagued by Christianity and it's revolt against the morals of the Roman empire.
367	GRoll	2011-04-19	No. You were not the only one. They were okay -- good even. But not worthy of all the gushing I thought.I thought the, faceted Wall and the castle machine gears were out of sync with the story and feel of the movie. I do like the map and believe it helps famiiarize the viewer with Westeros
368	Yagathai	2011-04-19	[mod] Let's try to keep it clean, guys [/mod]Dude... I don't even know who you are anymore.My friends have taken to calling it "Westeros-style" instead of "doggy-style".
369	Whitering	2011-04-19	I had a chance to watch it last night after the playoff games. I was a little leery because of the boards here. However, upon watching I did not think the show was any more offensive than any other show on television. Someone mentioned True Blood, and ya, that has more graphic nudity and violence I think. Remember someone being beaten to death with their own leg?
Well, that's not necessarily a good defence but there you go.
As to the show, I thought the characters were effectively played by the actors involved. There were no big surprises. I don't know though. I have read the books, well, dozens of times by now, so my mind is filling in the blanks.
I think the tone was right but the intro...In the book the older Night's Watch guy was the one who escaped and went mad. I think that was effective as he was a grizzled vet. The young guy escaping is not as good. In addition, he was still quite coherent when he talked to Eddard, to the point where I consider Eddard to be an idiot for not investigating further. Well, I will just fan wank that he talked privately with Benjen at the dinner.
Well, I don't think I've spoiled anything, and I did enjoy it, but had a few quibbles.
					
					
							Edited by Brude, 20 April 2011 - 07:23 AM.
							
								removed one slightly spoilery paragraph
370	tuthmoses	2011-04-19	haha can't believe there are guys complaining that there are too much boobs and doggie style sex scenes lol .... so far the tv series is pretty much as good as it could possibly be (without including every single scene which just isn't feasible) and fits very closely to the books imo
371	Cherokee	2011-04-19	As to the show, I thought the characters were effectively played by the actors involved. There were no big surprises. I don't know though. I have read the books, well, dozens of times by now, so my mind is filling in the blanks.Good comments, Withering.  Curious....I've seen others mention reading these books multiple times but never dozens.  If I may be so bold, why exactly would one read any book that many times?
372	Whitering	2011-04-19	Good comments, Withering.  Curious....I've seen others mention reading these books multiple times but never dozens.  If I may be so bold, why exactly would one read any book that many times?Well, they are really good books. Also, I guess when I read, especially a reread, I read very quickly and filter some stuff out that I remember clearly or I don't find to be as important to the story. I've probably only read Feast six or seven times, but it only takes me a few hours to read a book. It's really my only skill in life.
373	The Inquisitor	2011-04-20	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.
Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! 
Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!
374	Vestrit	2011-04-20	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!Man, you must have known some real stick insects in your life if you're saying that
375	Horza	2011-04-20	Iker Casillas is a stick insect now?  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
376	truebookaddict	2011-04-20	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!Um...okay.  If that actress is fat and chubby, I'd like to see who's not, in your opinion.  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
377	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-20	Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Wow.   /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
378	Kaitscralt	2011-04-20	I found that the nudity and sex was fine considering the source material and the network producing it. I did think the camera seemed a smidgen laughable when it dipped down to show Daenerys' butt one last time while she was watching Viserys leave the chamber. It was an elegant waist-up shot after already showing her entire body to us, so it seemed amateurish to lower the frame just to show off her ass again. We were laughing in my house.
379	DizoakiusMaximus	2011-04-20	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!   Insanity. She's gorgeous, although one of my friends said she wasn't "alien looking" enough (I guess the Targaryen's are supposed to be so beautiful as to seem otherworldly), but I disagree. My biggest complaint with Dany/Viserys is the lack of violet eyes, and really that doesn't bother me as much as I thought it would.
380	Isabella Stark	2011-04-20	Good comments, Withering.  Curious....I've seen others mention reading these books multiple times but never dozens.  If I may be so bold, why exactly would one read any book that many times?These books really lend themselves to rereadings. First of all, as you've already noticed, there's a gazillion characters and the plot is really complicated.  I was pretty confused for much of the first book, and rereading it, everything made more sense.But more importantly, you just notice so much more when you reread it. On the first reading, you're just trying to keep track of characters and plot, so you miss a lot.  A lot of things that seems like minor, insignificant details on first reading,  take on more significance when you reread.  There's a lot of depth and complexity to the story that most people don't notice on first reading.  And there are plenty of details that, although not significant (I think), are really amusing.
381	Xenophon	2011-04-20	Insanity. She's gorgeous, although one of my friends said she wasn't "alien looking" enough (I guess the Targaryen's are supposed to be so beautiful as to seem otherworldly), but I disagree. My biggest complaint with Dany/Viserys is the lack of violet eyes, and really that doesn't bother me as much as I thought it would.Yeah, I'm actually glad the contacts didn't work.  Dany and Viserys already look fairly weird and "fantasy-esque" with those wigs.  Anything more might have pushed things into the absurd.  Re. Dany's looks, I also think The Inquisitor's crazy to call her fat and chubby, but there's something to what he says.  After she was done gagging at the gratuitous ass-shot, my wife said, "well at least she looks like a real woman".
382	DizoakiusMaximus	2011-04-20	Re. Dany's looks, I also think The Inquisitor's crazy to call her fat and chubby, but there's something to what he says.  After she was done gagging at the gratuitous ass-shot, my wife said, "well at least she looks like a real woman". Exactly, there's nothing at all wrong with women who don't look like Dachau survivors.
383	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-20	I'd like to point out that the Inquisitor is from Spain, a country that have done so poorly during the financial crisis that people can't afford a decent meal. No wonder he has a somewhat perverse view of how a female body should look like.
384	Dan489	2011-04-20	I became interested in the book and started reading it after watching this show. In one early part of the book it has the boys sparring with each other. The prince wants to use real swords, Ser Rodrik forbids it, and the Hound mocks him and Robb for it, proclaiming he killed his first man when he was 12. This would have been a great way for them to introduce the Hound in the tv show, wish they could have squeezed this scene in.
385	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-20	I agree but with Robb being so much older than he was in the book, I don't think the sparring would have worked as well.
386	Rand	2011-04-20	The back story regarding Robert and Ned's sister will, I am sure, be brought out as we go. That was designed to make viewers curious about what happened to her. Doggie style sex was pretty much the norm up until not too terribly long ago. That's why they call the Missionary position the Missionary position.I'm surprised this has caused so much discussion without anyone really setting it straight.  Well Cersai kind of has been, that was coincidently and has been mentioned likely shot that way because Lena Headey was pregnant.For the Dothraki though they aren't doing it 'doggy style', they're doing it horsey style.  They're a horse people, and for them the horse is a sacred animal.  They do everything from eat them to have sex like them, it's a cultural thing they have a reputation for.
387	TerraPrime	2011-04-20	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!Wow, without your comment, I had almost forgotten that a large number of men have an unrealistic and probably unhealthy notion of what the female body should look like. Thanks!
388	truebookaddict	2011-04-20	Wow, without your comment, I had almost forgotten that a large number of men have an unrealistic and probably unhealthy notion of what the female body should look like. Thanks!Here Here!  /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
389	Grogsmash	2011-04-20	Wow, without your comment, I had almost forgotten that a large number of men and women have an unrealistic and probably unhealthy notion of what the female body should look like. Thanks!Fixed your post. But yeah, if someone thinks she is fat and chubby, wow.
390	fitheach	2011-04-20	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!Huh, and all this time I thought the latin men liked extra meat... /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> And by extra I mean, WTF drugs are you on? Fat? Chubby?  Edit: If some are being wrong and all, why can't I?I'd like to point out that the Inquisitor is from Spain, a country that have done so poorly during the financial crisis that people can't afford a decent meal. No wonder he has a somewhat perverse view of how a female body should look like.Oy, don't bring your Euro politics into the mix- take that to Gen Chat! Thaaaanks so much. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 20 April 2011 - 10:35 PM.
391	The Inquisitor	2011-04-21	Alright, let me spell it out clearly so that you may understand it (hopefully). Fat arms + abundant meat in the armpits + short and plumpy legs + rotund waist + buttocks that have yielded to gravity after 22 years = chubby.You can diasgree all you like, become all the holier-than-thou you want concerning unrealistic depictions of women and raise your flags of self-proclaimed paladins against physical discrimination of women by naughty evil nazi filofascist wrongdoers like me (that goes for you Terra and truebookaddict), but that's my impression after seeing the first episode and the bath scene... Emilia Clark is fatty and chubby. Doesn't attract me.And her physical build doesn't fit the description in the books, I daresay. The actress that plays Cersei on the other hand... delectable. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'd like to point out that the Inquisitor is from Spain, a country that have done so poorly during the financial crisis that people can't afford a decent meal. No wonder he has a somewhat perverse view of how a female body should look like./rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />TouchA©, my good man!
392	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-21	And her physical build doesn't fit the description in the books, I daresay.Not very surprising since in the book Dany is a 13 year old that haven't really developed her womanly forms yet. The actress playing Arya has a body like Dany from the book.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 21 April 2011 - 06:27 AM.
393	Vestrit	2011-04-21	Doesn't attract me.News just in is that Emilia Clarke is devastatedYou can diasgree all you like, become all the holier-than-thou you want concerning unrealistic depictions of women and raise your flags of self-proclaimed paladins against physical discrimination of women by naughty evil nazi filofascist wrongdoers like meSave us this crap, dude. One or two people might be fighting the politically correct fight but most of us are disagreeing with you because we happen to think you're wrong
394	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-21	Fat arms + abundant meat in the armpits + short and plumpy legs + rotund waist + buttocks that have yielded to gravity after 22 years = chubby.Wow, classy. By the way, have you seen the forum rules lately? Maybe you forgot:Similarly, please remain respectful of the cast and crew, especially when it comes to matters such as personal appearance. It's okay to say an actor does not fit your image of a character, or even how the character is described, but it's not acceptable to go on about finding them 'too ugly' for a role or what have you. These are real people, some of whom browse this forum, some who even have a presence here. They've worked hard to create the best show they can. Performance critiques, so long as they're constructive, are of course welcome.
395	Brian Jackson Heights	2011-04-21	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.This topic should open automatically when the pre-show (starting at 8:45PM) begins.Hey Ran....great work with the site. Havent been on in a while. Wanted to discuss opening sequence...frame by frame...especially the history inscribed around the sun. The second shot of the banner shows the Stag fighting the dragon...who is the Eagle, or whatever, behind the dragon?
396	Aoife	2011-04-21	Brian, you might find the answer in this thread about the opening credits. (I don't think the eagle?'s been discussed, actually, but the question might get more traffic over there.)
397	truebookaddict	2011-04-21	Wow, classy. By the way, have you seen the forum rules lately? Maybe you forgot: /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Sounds to me that The Inquisitor is paying much too much attention to the physical appearance of the characters rather than to the show itself.  He has mentioned Dany's and now Cersei's appearance.  What's next, that Peter Dinklage doesn't look enough of a dwarf as in the book?  Give me a break!
398	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	Not very surprising since in the book Dany is a 13 year old that haven't really developed her womanly forms yet. The actress playing Arya has a body like Dany from the book.And thank goodness they changed it. Maybe it made her more pitiable and sympathetic in the books, but onscreen, it would have made us all look like perverts for liking the show. Also, Emilia Clark is only fat if one usually looks for dates in the anorexia ward.
399	Ser Luke	2011-04-21	Emilia Clark is thick in all the right places, anyone who thinks else-wise doesn't know anything about women! 
Do I need to start singing "I Like Big Butts" for you?
400	DemiNymph	2011-04-22	Alright, I'll just drop the bomb and say it.Emilya Clark is fat and chubby!! Did not attract me at all. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Nothing like what Danny is supposed to be!Eh, I think you have an unhealthy perception of a woman's body.
401	Whitering	2011-04-22	It is true that Dany is of a slighter build in the books, but she is also 13. I don't know if even HBO could get away with a 13 year old being put through the situation Dany is put through in the books. So, they ramped up all the ages. I know in a lot of shows 24-28 year olds play 16-18 year olds on shows, but 15 or 16 is probably the oldest you can get away with for a 13 year old.
I don't know. I didn't have a problem with her as Dany from a physical perspective. I want to see a wider range of emotion. I didn't think her expression changed much even upon receipt of the dragon eggs, for which she was quite thankful in the books.
I think she is beautiful, and though older than Dany from the books, I am very okay with the ramp up of all the character's ages.
402	Davieboy	2011-04-22	Well, just seen the show , a few days after the airing. Long time rabid fan - got the first editions, maps, miniatures. Been to the signings and the moots. Old - 54 and counting...
Verdict - LOVE IT. Thanks HBO, thanks GRRM. Wow, just great. Just great. Thanks.
BTW Emilia Clarke - perfecto.   
Davieboy
403	SergioCQH	2011-04-25	Just as Ser Loras (The Inquisitor) rooted for the wrong team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final, he has selected the wrong woman in the Emilia Clarke versus Lena Headey debate, though both questions are tough calls.
404	Sidonie	2011-05-10	I loved the episode. The most positive surprise for me is the actress who plays Cersei. She's gorgeous on film, much more so than in still shots. She gives Cersei a very subtle intelligent cunning, whereas in the books I sort of imagined her to just be spoiled and obnoxious.
And I love Emilia as Dany. Very beautiful, just like in the books!
405	lady crackhead	2011-08-08	Do those rules apply to saying that the actor playing Theon looks like a "dirty weasel"?  That is ACTING you perceive there, my dear laytee ! He plays a dirty weasel so well you mistook him for one.Srsly; these actors have taken the excuse of shooting this medieval drama to not wash their hair. Ever.AND I  LOVE  IT.Premieres always sort of suck. Youre getting to know the characters, you know, up against the wall, eyeing them across the gym. It's awkward.I liked the sets & overall pseudo-historical angle. One thing that broke the atmosphere rather rudely for me was the quick shot over to the Wintefell Spa for Boys. It seemed really cliche to show the boys shirtless & acting macho with one another. That just screams, We dont want you male fantasy guys in America to think theyre all gay or something! Look male bonding over fucking girls! GIRLS, i tell you! Although most of the blame for the head spin came when i misheard Robb say about Jon, "He hasn't met a girl he liked better than his hand", instead of "hair".Two more quickies:1) My husband asked the 10million dollar question: Can Cersei make another face than the "Who-farted?" one that she wore throughout the entire episode ? (Later on, the answer would reveal itself to be a resounding, NO.)2) The Dothraki wedding was cringe-inducing.
406	FreeNightFalls	2011-08-23	^ LOL  I wasn't able to hear Rob anything, because I was staring at their abs...
407	Crannog Man	2011-09-12	Cool thing about the intro, if you notice, is that as the story progresses the map will change as more 'kingdoms" are brought into the story.  Very clever, I think.
408	ICE CROW	2011-09-15	The first episode in my opinion was the most powerful because see all the characters at once. Heres a HD screenshot of the Stark Family, i use this as my background thought id share it with all of you.Stark Family
					
					
							Edited by ICE CROW, 15 September 2011 - 05:58 AM.
409	Rinslet	2011-09-15	The first episode in my opinion was the most powerful because see all the characters at once. Heres a HD screenshot of the Stark Family, i use this as my background thought id share it with all of you.Stark FamilyI thought it was a good pilot episode. I love the way they used the prologue to really grab the viewers into the series. I know at least for me that after I watched the first part (with the Wights, etc.) I was hooked.
410	Blizzard	2011-09-29	Cool thing about the intro, if you notice, is that as the story progresses the map will change as more 'kingdoms" are brought into the story.  Very clever, I think.I noticed that as well. HBO had a brilliant idea there.The white walkers are freaky
411	LittleDragon	2012-02-12	I was a little bit disappointed because of the Others, they are too human-like. I have pictured them during reading the book more icy, more shiny, less human. This creature in the prologue of the film does not looked like a white walker, it was a tall, dark living thing, only taller and stronger than humans.
Otherwise i have liked the episode.
412	Santilion	2012-02-13	I must say I thought the amount of sex and nudity was perfect. More wouldn't have hurt. It's medieval. It's gritty and hard in that world. There is nothing wrong with the human body or sex. It didn't seem pornographic at all. It was all a part of the story.What I failed to understand was why the producers choose only to show tits and penises but no vaginas. Every nude woman was filmed sideways or with their legs crossed. At some points you could see some pubic hair but what is that compared to a semi-closeup of a penis which almost let one determine whether or not the "owner" is circumcised or not.A strange decision in a community as ours were "gender-equalities" is a religion.Another interesting thing was that each scene containing an exposed penis, was also ment to be more or less ironic as a comic relief of sorts. Perhaps I'm too serious and homourless when it comes to matters as this, but why are we still laughing at the male body today?
					
					
							Edited by Santilion, 13 February 2012 - 08:54 AM.
413	DirtyRobes	2012-02-28	COMPLETELY agree with LittleDragon.That thing in the prologue was NOTHING like a WW, walks like a human and only seemed fast due to the camera work and the running(my meaning is they did not appear very agile). The thing barely took a few steps, just walked up and cut off some heads, looked A Lot like an Uruk-hai to me, Big, Strong, Dominating... + was it just me or was this WW also Shirtless And wearing a loin-cloth?I stopped myself from going back over this scene because it bothered me, I just hoped that they(tv show ppl) decided to make a Really Animated wight for the pilot to really excite the audience. But after looking at it again I noticed that this Creature appears to be carrying an Ice sword(doesnt bode well) + he has Backup that I didn't notice the first time.If you look Behind the man being beheaded there appears to be another WW standing behind himSo is the Tv-Show, which other than this I Love, going to have White Walkers that are Not white, that have replaced their stealth armour for loin-cloth protection?
					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 28 February 2012 - 12:25 PM.
414	Lady Avalanta	2012-02-29	2. Though Jaime looked like that prince from Shrek.5. He thought there was a tad too much dog style sex (3 scenes), and I kind of agree but understand why the Dothraki do it that way. My problem is mainly with the last "things I do for love" scene- it would have been more in keeping with her character if she had been on top.That's where I knew him from...Prince Charming from Shrek. LOLAs for the special scenes...I was a bit disappointed on how they demonstrated Drogo's and Daenerys's first "Get Together", I thought it was alot more sensual in the Book, or is it just me thinking that?!
415	Raksha the Demon	2012-03-12	The first episode in my opinion was the most powerful because see all the characters at once. Heres a HD screenshot of the Stark Family, i use this as my background thought id share it with all of you.Stark FamilyGreat photo!  But why is Hodor standing in the front row next to the Starks?  As dear as he is, Hodor is a stableboy, not a Maester (Luwin is in the second row) or Septon or Septa or Steward.   In terms of rank or even family standing, Theon or Jon should have stood in the front to welcome the King, not Hodor...
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 12 March 2012 - 05:28 PM.
416	walter90	2012-03-31	I'm posting here as I am very new to the show and books but I have watched the first season. I was very disappointed with a few things that happened toward the end of the season but overall I loved the show. The sex scenes are unnecessary IMO and actually detract from the story. They're a randy bunch of buggers, I get it. Now let's move on.
I think the world that Martin created is rich and facinating and I really look forward to more. I am reading the first book now, after having seen season one and i read a few sites so I know who lives and dies but I did when I saw Jackson's LOTR and it didn't hurt a thing for me.
417	walter90	2012-03-31	Great photo!  But why is Hodor standing in the front row next to the Starks?  As dear as he is, Hodor is a stableboy, not a Maester (Luwin is in the second row) or Septon or Septa or Steward.   In terms of rank or even family standing, Theon or Jon should have stood in the front to welcome the King, not Hodor...Why's it look like Eddard has to pee?
418	Feleque	2012-04-26	Hi there,
there's something that bothers me a lot about the first episode of the season.
In the first scene when the WhiteWalkers appear and especially when the man from the Night's Watch notices the dead wildings the dead bodies have been put in a way that it looks like the greek letter "Î¦".
Since i am a book reader and as far as i remember there wasnt such a thing mentioned in the books
im wondering why did they make the bodies to look like that
btw since im new here i dont know if this has been answered before
419	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	Hi there,there's something that bothers me a lot about the first episode of the season.In the first scene when the WhiteWalkers appear and especially when the man from the Night's Watch notices the dead wildings the dead bodies have been put in a way that it looks like the greek letter "Î¦".Since i am a book reader and as far as i remember there wasnt such a thing mentioned in the booksim wondering why did they make the bodies to look like thatbtw since im new here i dont know if this has been answered beforeHi, there:  Just my opinion, but I believe the bodies were arranged in a ritualistic manner like that in order to show us (the viewers) that whoever/whatever did this, they are intelligent beings (even though they're murderous).  In other words, this was not the work of some random, mindless maniacs, but of  something/someone who was performing a ritual.  Of course, we don't know what that ritual is about--I presume we'll find out sometime in the future.  Does that make sense?And hey, welcome to the board!   /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
420	Feleque	2012-04-27	Hi, there:  Just my opinion, but I believe the bodies were arranged in a ritualistic manner like that in order to show us (the viewers) that whoever/whatever did this, they are intelligent beings (even though they're murderous).  In other words, this was not the work of some random, mindless maniacs, but of  something/someone who was performing a ritual.  Of course, we don't know what that ritual is about--I presume we'll find out sometime in the future.  Does that make sense?And hey, welcome to the board!   /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />Thank you mate!Well since it is not mentioned in the books i dont think that we will see this again in the series.i just found it strange you know cuz i couldnt find an explanation
421	Distorted Humor	2012-05-18	I thought that the actress who plays Sensa was too fat.... (I joke!)
I thought the casting was excellent for the most part, The actress who plays cersei looks much better in motion then in still photos.   The actress who plays Arya was spot on in looks, even if perhaps at this point too outgoing.   I hope the Jon Snow actor can hold the role well enough.   The real find to me is Jorah Mormont, he steals every bit  he is in.   
   As for the sex, I though all but two bits where fine, the first bit was the backhand shot of Danys, which was nothing but "hey, lets show a naked backside", and I though the wedding night was off, (not the wedding itself, but i wish she showed more expression getting the eggs or the books from Mormont) but that due to me reading the book.
							Edited by Distorted Humor, 18 May 2012 - 08:47 AM.
422	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	i so wanted to enjoy the series. when i first read the book in 1996 as a just out of high school nerdy d&d playing metalhead i found the most gritty, brutal and powerful bit of fantasy writing ever. martin changed me life with his book. i have eagerly and patiently waited for each additional installment and read them all multiple times. 
so, perhaps i would be a hard one to please? am i the only one?
some of the acting i loved. some of the casting seems perfect. some of it however i found to be really poor. the idea that the trollish little tyke playing joffrey came from those two attractive people who portray jaime and cersei is baffling. theon is also a disappointment. i thoroughly love our eddard and robert. john seems well portrayed as well. as little that we saw of the hound i feel we have seen enough. 
the pace of the first episode felt forced and clunky. i think even a person who had not read the book might have felt that. the scene with the dire wolf discovery was almost comical. the lighting was like that of a dr. who episode, the acting poor, the dead dire wolf looked borrowed from a sci-fi channel movie set. 
worse was the tower scene. in the book it is so powerful. it is so incredible. each time i read it i am still a bit awed by what happens. but, in the episode jaime was so unbelievable in his delivery of likely one of the most brilliant lines in the book 'the things i do for love.' he may as well been saying 'after this scene can i get a latte?' it came off that drab and uninteresting. 
if this was a standalone series totally unattached to a book that is full of brilliance i would not at all be back. it just did not excite. it did not make me want to know more. the history, the world building, the power of what martin built in his books came out watered down and boring. 
i know his hand was in the creation of this series, but how strong was it? is he content with it? has his vision been met? 
the pimping of this series by hbo to sell nerdy fantasy awesomeness to the masses as a success is still to be determined. but, for me no pedi-cabs, food trucks, dothraki cab drivers, or ads on espn saved it. 
but, once again. perhaps i just expected too much?
					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 18 April 2011 - 06:39 PM.
423	Abaddon	2011-04-18	Did you think A Game Of Thrones was the best book ever after 80 pages?I sure didn't.  Give it some time to breathe, and your opinion might change.
424	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	Did you think A Game Of Thrones was the best book ever after 80 pages?I sure didn't.  Give it some time to breathe, and your opinion might change.actually after 80 pages it already drew me in. hell, the prologue made me want to read more. jaime threw a kid off a tower and it was bland and failing to draw interest. we know he is fucking his sister and it is just sort of 'meh.' the whole scene which was so powerful in the book because we find out the incest and it caps off with a boy flying off a ledge. the tv show should have at the very least got that very important scene correct in it's scope.the tv show is hardly a good bottle of wine that just needs aeration to fully come into its flavor.
					
					
							Edited by MercenaryChef, 18 April 2011 - 07:20 PM.
425	Kat	2011-04-18	I did not get sucked into the books until well after the prologue, when I first read the books. I have to admit that the murder mystery aspect most intrigued me then, so only after Lysa's letter and Bran's injury and Cat going to investigate did I get fully invested in the book. Before that, I was like, "WTF is all this ice zombie shit? What's going on here?" I probably would have had a similar question had I been new to the show, upon watching the first half episode.
But as a fangirl, I totally squee'd when I first caught a preview for the show during a baseball game. Had I seen a pedicab, I would not have been nearly as jaded as you. Release your inner fanboy, c'mon. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
426	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	the pace of the first episode felt forced and clunky. i think even a person who had not read the book might have felt that.  worse was the tower scene. in the book it is so powerful. it is so incredible. each time i read it i am still a bit awed by what happens. but, in the episode jaime was so unbelievable in his delivery of likely one of the most brilliant lines in the book 'the things i do for love.' he may as well been saying 'after this scene can i get a latte?' it came off that drab and uninteresting. MC, I agree with your assessment that the pace seemed off. I mean, to us, the readers of the novel, a lot of the exposition was just that. However, I totally saw something different in the tower scene. The way Jaime delivered the line, as flippant, and casual, and matter of fact, was more chilling than the book's version, where he said it with loathing. I'm rewatching the scene now, and Cersei is frantic, saying "He saw us he saw us!!!" Jaime replies (with a bit of loathing), "I heard you the first time." Then you see his resolve. He knows what he has to do. He's got to act, to protect his family, their secret. I thought it was a great delivery. (If you can't tell.)
427	Abaddon	2011-04-18	the tv show is hardly a good bottle of wine that just needs aeration to fully come into its flavor.No, it's a TV show that we've seen 1/10th of, that pretty much every reviewer who has seen six episodes says takes a little bit of time to really gear up.But feel free to wail and gnash your teeth and write it off after 60 minutes out of 600.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
428	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	MC, I agree with your assessment that the pace seemed off. I mean, to us, the readers of the novel, a lot of the exposition was just that. However, I totally saw something different in the tower scene. The way Jaime delivered the line, as flippant, and casual, and matter of fact, was more chilling than the book's version, where he said it with loathing. I'm rewatching the scene now, and Cersei is frantic, saying "He saw us he saw us!!!" Jaime replies (with a bit of loathing), "I heard you the first time." Then you see his resolve. He knows what he has to do. He's got to act, to protect his family, their secret. I thought it was a great delivery. (If you can't tell.)i watched the show a second time today. and i too found his response to be flippant, and cersei to be terrified. but, i still was not moved. the mood portrayed in the book is better. and it is obvious in the book that he is in fact acting out of love. and we learn later on the depth of his love for his sister. so, his flippancy and casual nature in regards to attempted child murder does not fit for me.
429	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	No, it's a TV show that we've seen 1/10th of, that pretty much every reviewer who has seen six episodes says takes a little bit of time to really gear up.But feel free to wail and gnash your teeth and write it off after 60 minutes out of 600.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />there is no wailing and teeth gnashing here. i am just offering my opinion. i am simply saying that i feel it is a weak offering of something that in its original media a wonderful, compelling, chilling, engrossing and brilliant work of art. and as this is a forum to discuss the first episode i have done so. this is my opinion of the first episode. and to kat, my inner fanboy was horribly raped and hacked to death by star wars years ago. his body has never been recovered.
430	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	i watched the show a second time today. and i too found his response to be flippant, and cersei to be terrified. but, i still was not moved. the mood portrayed in the book is better. and it is obvious in the book that he is in fact acting out of love. and we learn later on the depth of his love for his sister. so, his flippancy and casual nature in regards to attempted child murder does not fit for me.Hmm. I kind of took it as his inner monologue saying, "Okay, my sister and lover is freaking out, I need to do something fast to calm her the F down. <looks down, sees how far it is> How old is he? 10? That's too old to scare into silence. But there's no way this kid survives a fall that far." Then he states the line, and walks towards Cersei as if to say, "See? That was nothing. Nothing to worry about here." We know that Jaime is far from the best planner, and he acts before he thinks, so of course he would think that this is the best solution. And being the Kingslayer, one more act of violence (to protect his family) is nothing to him.Know what I'm saying?
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 18 April 2011 - 07:34 PM.
431	spikebrennan	2011-04-18	worse was the tower scene. in the book it is so powerful. it is so incredible. each time i read it i am still a bit awed by what happens. but, in the episode jaime was so unbelievable in his delivery of likely one of the most brilliant lines in the book 'the things i do for love.' he may as well been saying 'after this scene can i get a latte?' it came off that drab and uninteresting. I heard NCW's delivery of the line as implying that he intended to resume bonking Cersei where he had left off.
432	kairparavel	2011-04-18	I think the most difficult thing is to see someone else's interpretation on the screen. I know for everything I enjoyed, there was at least another I didn't. And I think it will be that way over the course of the season and the long haul. And I think it's valid to be underwhelmed or even disappointed. This is all just opinion and feelings on something we all enjoy. I'm not even as invested as many people as I've only read it once.
The tone was set for me from the getgo: I loved the wall. I hated The Other. When I think of them I see giant white thin limbed spidery beings with flowing white hair. The Other we were presented with could have been Dothraki with blue eyes. Creepy wight girl though.
The child actors were surprisingly good. The adult actors, perhaps not as much. I count myself as one of the few who did not envision Dinklage as Tyrion. (Crazy right? I must be insane!). Love Cersei. Like Jaime. Love Eddard. Like Viserys. Hate Catelyn. Call me whatever you want, she just looks too old. Sure, most of the actors are +40, but she really really looks it. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
But it all comes back to how I viewed it in my head while reading. I think it's great that it loves up to the expectations of so many. That's a good thing. But it's not going to live up to the expectations of everyone. And that's a good thing too. Everyone feels a little bit of ownership of this, yes? I'll keep going though, for the full season. We'll see how it all goes.
433	Demonblade	2011-04-18	What irked me the most was Dany and Drogo's wedding party, where you had two Dothraki fighting over who gets to screw the random girl they both wanted to fuck, and after one guy kills the other, the girl is forgotten about.  Watching that, I thought that it was really quite a stupid little scene, as well as Illyrio's quip, 'in a Dothraki wedding, anything less than three deaths is considered a dull affair'.  I felt a little embarrassed when I watched it, but then I realised that the scene went pretty much the same way as it went in the book. /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> I blame that on the fact that no matter what, in film/TV adaptations of books, there is something that inevitably gets lost in translation.  Guess this is one of those scenes for me, but I am quite a bit worried at how many other things will look stupid on the screen that didn't seem so when read in the book.  
As a matter of fact, a day after watching this first episode, I am actually getting quite worried that this whole series is going to blow.
434	Lannes	2011-04-18	Did you think A Game Of Thrones was the best book ever after 80 pages?I sure didn't. Give it some time to breathe, and your opinion might change. I started and stopped AGOT twice before it finally clicked with me...and it is now my favorite fantasy series.
435	Alexia	2011-04-18	One other thing that I forgot to nitpick about was the hair.  Really.  The hair.
To my untrained eye, highborn women with long, loose, flowing hair does not look right.  It should be worn up for all of the married women at least.  If I'm mistaken, please point it out, but so far as I know married/older women did not historically wear their hair loose.  Plus, it seems like it would be a sign of status/wealth to have complicated hairstyles that are up.
436	WightMeWorry	2011-04-18	Two things I took away from the first episode.  
1).  We knew it was going to cover up to "that scene", but that's a lot of ground to cover.  And that meant we never really got a chance to focus on one character.  Shows like the Sopranos, the Wire, and Lost have memorable opening episodes because they concentrated on one or two characters... and branched out from there in subsequent episodes.  GOT episode I just threw you into the world (and two continents no less).  Alright if you have ADHD I suppose, not so good from a story perspective.
2).  Horses must cost a helluva lot, because where they should have been there, they weren't.  Particularly notable for me is the beheading scene and ride back--Ned's conversion with Bran should have happened on horseback.  I'm hoping they don't skimp on them with the Dothraki--their culture is defined by horses and wide open plains. I'm afraid we won't be getting that.
					
					
							Edited by WightMeWorry, 18 April 2011 - 08:29 PM.
437	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-18	Of course the book is better, there is no adaptation that could top the books. It seems silly to be surprised by that. Nothing in the series looked anything like what I pictures but a few things came pretty close. Overall, I liked it and I am looking forward to the rest of the series. 
I cant think of another television series I would rather watch, I will compare it to Firefly after a full season, but it already beats Serenity.
I did mention to a friend that I wish that I had the will to let at least 5 episodes get released before I began watching the series, because the book just started to grab me when Bran got pushed. I wasn't all in until Lady died and I realized that the actions of the protagonists would have realistic consequences. The prologue was always the weakest part of the books to me and I have actually told people to skip the prologue and read it after the rest of the book.
438	CryFenril	2011-04-18	Oddly enough, one of the big complaints voiced earlier in another thread was Cersei's weird, triangular, complicated hair-twistery. Catelyn is the only noblewoman who is consistently shown wearing her hair down in public - which I took as an external sign of her acceptance that Winterfell is far removed from the social intricacies of Southron courts.
439	Alexia	2011-04-18	Oddly enough, one of the big complaints voiced earlier in another thread was Cersei's weird, triangular, complicated hair-twistery. I actually posted the hair comment in the wrong thread (boo me) but while I thought Cersei's hair style looked strange, it looked significantly more appropriate than Catelyn's loose hair - and I still didn't feel it was totally right because the bottom half was loose.  Hair styles can be strange (and I can't think of anything less attractive than a beehive, for example) but it seems off to see wealthy, older women in a medieval style culture with their hair flowing loose.
440	Ser Yberon	2011-04-18	At the end of the day how many people have read books that when made into film have said yes the film is better. The imagination is so powerful that we are able to lose ourselves in it very easily. So when we see something in reality that isn't how we imagined we feel disgruntled and let down.
As it was Sean Bean was really good as Eddard.
Arya was absolutely brilliant (my favorite) as a proper little tom-boy.
Emilia Clarke portrayed Dany's feelings AMAZINGLY. A really good actress there.
I always saw Cersei as pure evil in the books, but the way Lena Headley portrays her, its almost as though she seems more resigned with her life rather than a power hungry mad-woman.
It may change later but I do like how the actors alter my perceptions of the characters slightly, as I really disliked Catelyn in the books. But seeing her in the flesh so to speak, made me reassess what happens to her later on, and how I felt more sorry for her, knowing what she goes through.
But the stars of the whole first episode were those gorgeous little dire-wolves. I WANT ONE!!!!! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
441	GaR	2011-04-18	Yep, the book is better; that's almost always the case for adaptations.  I think it's pointless to directly compare the different media.Personally I prefer to gauge the show against other TV shows.  And it's one of the best shows I've seen.
442	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	Yep, the book is better; that's almost always the case for adaptations.  I think it's pointless to directly compare the different media.Personally I prefer to gauge the show against other TV shows.  And it's one of the best shows I've seen.pointless would be comparing the tv show to the book 'tarzan of the apes.' i am comparing it to that which it was adapted from. and i am not the right person to compare it to other tv shows because presently i only watch one. that program is 'the killing' and this one has paled against it, if that is in fact the proper measuring stick. and that is something i doubt. i feel quite fine comparing it to the book it was adapted from. for a book of the size and scope that it comes from it seems pretty obvious to me that trying to take it and cram it into only 10 hour episodes is a recipe to not at all give it the adaptation that it deserves. would two seasons to accomplish giving the book its due been so bad?
443	Elrick	2011-04-18	News flash the book is almost ALWAYS better than the show.
444	GaR	2011-04-18	pointless would be comparing the tv show to the book 'tarzan of the apes.' i am comparing it to that which it was adapted from. and i am not the right person to compare it to other tv shows because presently i only watch one. that program is 'the killing' and this one has paled against it, if that is in fact the proper measuring stick. and that is something i doubt. i feel quite fine comparing it to the book it was adapted from. for a book of the size and scope that it comes from it seems pretty obvious to me that trying to take it and cram it into only 10 hour episodes is a recipe to not at all give it the adaptation that it deserves. would two seasons to accomplish giving the book its due been so bad?Bad?  No.Prohibitively expensive?  Almost definitely.However, I was right the first time: it is pointless comparing the books to the show.Check it:News flash the book is almost ALWAYS better than the show.The exceptions are few and far between (I'm not counting novelisations of shows though.  They are always terribad).
445	Lord Stormbringer	2011-04-18	the pace of the first episode felt forced and clunky. i think even a person who had not read the book might have felt that. the scene with the dire wolf discovery was almost comical. the lighting was like that of a dr. who episode, the acting poor, the dead dire wolf looked borrowed from a sci-fi channel movie set.That's not an unfair assessment.  I personally still like the show so far and am more than willing to give it time.  But I can see and understand why you feel the way you do.    The books themselves spend a lot of time with characters inner thoughts.   We get a lot deeper look at Eddard, Jon, Bran and the others than is possible with TV.    Removing those internally focused scenes or reshaping them into externally oriented scenes does change the pacing and character of the early part of the book.  In that regard I think the intro isn't the same and isn't as strong as the book.  But that's only something temporary and will even out as things really start moving.   And at least for me, the episode remained strong enough to watch.* * *Of the scenes that did change, to me the arrival and subsequent scene at Lyanna tomb and the tower scene were the biggest changes.   During the arrival at Winterfell,  Robert felt less like the almost manic-depressive he was in the same scenes in the book and instead like he went from "glad" to just washed out.  I'm not sure why that is but I'm wondering what exactly it bodes for the character of Robert Baratheon in the series.   Despite the thinking both the actors were good picks, the tower scene felt a little more subdued.   I always picked up Cersei as being a bit more panicked and Jaime as simply being far more impulsive and flippant.   For an early and defining scene, particularly for Jaime, it wasn't played the way I thought it would be.   Not sure if it was the writing, direction or acting.   Not bad but unexpected.
446	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	I don't think television can ever be as good as a book at its best.  AGOT is a damned near perfect book.  Nothing could compare.  I think they did the story justice.  They stumbled a few times when they didn't have to and glossed over things that were well beyond budget done properly.  But overall, I can't wait for more.
447	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	I don't think television can ever be as good as a book at its best.  AGOT is a damned near perfect book.  Nothing could compare.  I think they did the story justice.  They stumbled a few times when they didn't have to and glossed over things that were well beyond budget done properly.  But overall, I can't wait for more.that is one of my points, bronn.if you are going to go through all the motions and money why not take it those extra steps to do a better job?i will in fact watch the next episode. but, i am simply not as enamored as so many others. still i will state that as a standalone television program is it better than the standard swill but if i am to compare it to other hbo series only it is far below the sopranos and deadwood. and i only have those two to compare it to in that regard.
448	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	that is one of my points, bronn.if you are going to go through all the motions and money why not take it those extra steps to do a better job?The budget was what it was going to be today, tomorrow or ten years from now.  You were never going to get enough to make it perfect and if you did it would be cancelled after one year when it failed to turn a profit.As for the stumbles, easy enough to Monday morning QB, but there is far from a consensus as to which steps were slips and which worked.  Before I condemn them too strongly, I will want to hear their reasons for making the decisions they did.  That won't happen anytime soon.
449	MercifulChief	2011-04-18	The budget was what it was going to be today, tomorrow or ten years from now.  You were never going to get enough to make it perfect and if you did it would be cancelled after one year when it failed to turn a profit.As for the stumbles, easy enough to Monday morning QB, but there is far from a consensus as to which steps were slips and which worked.  Before I condemn them too strongly, I will want to hear their reasons for making the decisions they did.  That won't happen anytime soon.the desire to turn as you so aptly put it 'a damned near perfect book' into something that needs to turn a profit on the television screen is only going to not have the life and luster that it so deserves. perhaps in future episodes i will be more able to separate the brilliance of the book from what i see on television.
450	Jacen	2011-04-18	I too was disapointed, but this has more to do with great book vs.  the tv mediums more than any fault of the show. It's just the old "The book was soooo much better than the movie" line.The background detail that a book can deliver has no equal. Particularly books this good, and books we know so well.The one thing that really stood out to me is that this show would seem utterly unfathomable to a new viewer. There's no way the average viewer would pick up on things like the Rebellion, Lyanna, the Targaryens importance, or where the hell they are , or where anything is for that matter. It's a massive info dump of history and interrelationships that the average viewer would not absorb.The one thing that I think would have really helped things is if they had some sort of "intro".What I picture when I say that is like the intro in the Fellowship of the Rings movie. A narrator comes on, we see little vignettes of the past. The voice would guide the viewer over a map of the Seven Kingdoms, giving a little bit of info and history on it. It would then detail the Targaryen reign and eventual Robert and Ned rebellion. It would then say something about how the current Targaryen heirs are in exile over here, then zoom back and say now our story begins in the dark and mysterious far north, blah blah. Show starts.I think the only way the die hard fans are going to enjoy this show is if they somehow fully disengage their minds and just watch it, without comparing to the books and not constantly taking note of and criticizing the differences. We have to view this without expectation and with fresh eyes. I'm going to have a hard time of doing that but I will make the effort /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
451	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-18	the desire to turn as you so aptly put it 'a damned near perfect book' into something that needs to turn a profit on the television screen is only going to not have the life and luster that it so deserves. That is always the unfortunate aspect of large budget productions. They are always seen as an investment by the people with the money and never as a work of art. I think that is why they were only given 10 episodes when 12 (or a 2 hour pilot) would have made a huge difference. Keep in mind that the pilot was shot twice and footage from both were used to make what we saw. I think there were some unfortunate inconsistencies, but there have been other shows that look a bit different from the pilot once the series gets underway.
452	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	I think part of the reason for my admiration of the show is because I don't look at the book as anything even remotely close to "perfect".  Someone who holds the book up in such an extreme (imo impossible-to-live-up-to) admiration is probably not going to respond positively to ANYTHING that is different.
I'm not trying to crap on the book or anything, I think it's absolutely incredible, one of the best ever written in the genre, but my own personality is such that I will always find flaws, no matter how great I think something is.
Acknowledging that it's a very different medium and that many of the changes are obviously the direct result of those differences, I still think that many of the changes that have been made are actually for the better.  I think the scene between Jon and Tyrion, for example, is considerably better on the screen; that chapter is always something of a difficult read, as though Martin hadn't fully figured out his characters and drifted entirely too purple (and perhaps his only slips into pseudo-omniscience) in his prose.
Both the first episode of the show, and the first 100 or so pages of the novel, are essentially a stylized infodump.  They have to be.  It's just that it's far easier to infodump in an eloquent way on the page as compared to on the screen.  I think that on any objective standard the show accomplished what it needed to accomplish with incredible skill.
As with other completely serialized shows ("The Wire" - a VERY positive comparison - jumps to mind), the only truly fair way to judge the show will be once the entirety of the season has been viewed; the season is really just one single dramatic unit.  I'm predicting it holds up VERY well.
453	kn32	2011-04-18	The one thing that really stood out to me is that this show would seem utterly unfathomable to a new viewer. There's no way the average viewer would pick up on things like the Rebellion, Lyanna, the Targaryens importance, or where the hell they are , or where anything is for that matter. It's a massive info dump of history and interrelationships that the average viewer would not absorb....I think the only way the die hard fans are going to enjoy this show is if they somehow fully disengage their minds and just watch it, without comparing to the books and not constantly taking note of and criticizing the differences. We have to view this without expectation and with fresh eyes.I watched the premiere last night with my girlfriend. She came in with absolutely no knowledge of the story, and she amazed me with how much she gathered by what was offered. She loved all of the episode, except for Tyrion (which I agreed with). She was immediately drawn to the fact that Joffrey doesn't look a thing like Robert, and after she saw Cersei with Jaime, she put it together that Joff is their child through incest. tbh, I didn't even think she would be able to tell that Joffrey was her son at all. There's no way the new viewer could grasp the importance of the rebellion or the Targaryens just yet, and I really don't see why it would be important to do so. Though the scene with Robert insisting on paying his respects to Lyanna did a lot to introduce her name as somebody special. A very casual viewer wouldn't think much on it, but a very casual viewer would miss a great deal of things with any great drama.As for it being difficult for die-hard fans to enjoy this show. That doesn't appear to be the case. I don't think the majority of the posters here are looking to name their firstborn 'Eddard', but I'd still count most of them as die-hard fans, and I am seeing overwhelmingly positive marks from the vast majority of them. Myself included.
454	arya_underfoot	2011-04-19	When the first talk about the TV adaptation of asoiaf surfaced on the forum several years ago, I thought that it would be extremely difficult to pull off. I was amazed that they even managed to get this far. Asoiaf is incredibly complex, with three main plots, and hundreds of sub-plots all intertwined through a massive cast of evolving characters. To display all of this in a few hours on TV is practically impossible. Therefore, I think what the producers have come up with is fabulous within known limitations. I enjoyed the first episode thoroughly. Like others have mentioned, there are defeciencies that we can nitpick on for hours on end, but ultimately, the show is about entertainment. And I think it was good entertainment. If you want the full package, just read the books again!!
455	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-19	2 seasons per book, are you crazy? You think actors are going to sign up to be in a series for 14 years?  And what do you do with younger actors who are aging faster in real life than the books?
Of course the books are better, that was never ever in doubt.  But live action TV is a different medium, and it has different constraints. The kinda of series you want can only be pulled off in an animation format.
My advice to you is to stop watching, you're only going to annoy yourself more because none of the future episodes will live up to your expectations either.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 19 April 2011 - 01:38 AM.
456	The Dude	2011-04-19	i know his hand was in the creation of this series, but how strong was it? is he content with it? has his vision been met? From what he has said on his blog, he "loved" the first two episodes and has said:My hat is off to David and Dan and the team they put together. They've done an amazing job.Now, I've wondered if he wouldn't just say these things no matter what (to sell the show). I don't think Martin would do that. At worst, he maybe too close to this project, and has just been absolutely thrilled at seeing it brought to life. Most especially, that it has been faithfully (mostly) realized.And I feel much the sameWhen the first talk about the TV adaptation of asoiaf surfaced on the forum several years ago, I thought that it would be extremely difficult to pull off. I was amazed that they even managed to get this far. Asoiaf is incredibly complex, with three main plots, and hundreds of sub-plots all intertwined through a massive cast of evolving characters. To display all of this in a few hours on TV is practically impossible. Therefore, I think what the producers have come up with is fabulous within known limitations. I enjoyed the first episode thoroughly. Like others have mentioned, there are defeciencies that we can nitpick on for hours on end, but ultimately, the show is about entertainment. And I think it was good entertainment. If you want the full package, just read the books again!!Maybe I'm a realist too, when it comes to this. I really thought it was near impossible, too. I thought the first episode was stunning. They got so much more right than was missed. But I am also very good at turning off my critical side when it comes to entertainment.
457	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-19	2 seasons per book, are you crazy? You think actors are going to sign up to be in a series for 14 years?  And what do you do with younger actors who are aging faster in real life than the books?Yeah, that's exactly the thought I had when reading that post too.  Sure, taking two seasons to cover Thrones might have made that particular adaptation better--but what if there's interest in adapting the rest of the novels?  Are you going to split Clash, and every subsequent book, into two seasons as well?  It's extremely impractical. If the TV series stuck around to the very end of the novels (which would be all but impossible with this sort of schedule anyway), they'd either have to recast a good chunk of the roles along the way, or deal with Stark kids in their mid-late 20's.To address the title of the topic, though: was the book better?  Of course it was.  TV/movie adaptations of great books are, 99 times out of 100, not as good as the source material.  But I thought this first episode was very engaging, and lived up to my expectations for a live-action adaptation of this series.  And since these are my favorite books ever, I think that's a pretty nice achievement.
458	Holymoly	2011-04-19	I agree with the OP although I did feel that Jaime's indifference to pushing Bran out of the window was perfectly observed. It was inconsequential to him, especially after he had just been interrupted in bonking his sister.I thought the casting and acting of Bran, Caitlyn and Tyrion were the highlights of the first episode. Sansa however just came across as a spoilt brat, whereas in the books I feel her to start out as a naive, airhead bimbo who, as time goes on, begins to lose the naivitA©. Cersei too was played too much for sympathy I felt. Even when caught in flagrante delicto you didn't sense the pervading self centered evilness of the woman who'd just killed the King's Hand.I'm hoping the series picks up, and I'm sure it will. Unfortunately however slightly underwhelmed to date.
459	Kraxus	2011-04-19	Cersei too was played too much for sympathy I felt. Even when caught in flagrante delicto you didn't sense the pervading self centered evilness of the woman who'd just killed the King's Hand.Cercei didn't kill Jon Arryn did she? (Lysa poisoned him, and Pycelle didn't help, from what I recall)On first reading I found Cercei to be evil, but on subsequent readings I find myself viewing Cercei as a much more sympathetic character: she is driven to protect herself and her family by hiding her crimes of adultory and incest, as opposed to outright villainy (like Gregor Clegane).I think it is entirely reasonable for Lena Headey to play her in a sympathetic light.
460	Holymoly	2011-04-19	Cercei didn't kill Jon Arryn did she? (Lysa poisoned him, and Pycelle didn't help, from what I recall)On first reading I found Cercei to be evil, but on subsequent readings I find myself viewing Cercei as a much more sympathetic character: she is driven to protect herself and her family by hiding her crimes of adultory and incest, as opposed to outright villainy (like Gregor Clegane).I think it is entirely reasonable for Lena Headey to play her in a sympathetic light.My mistake....you're absolutely correct. Strange how memories play tricks....it's so long since I read the books. Even so, I still feel it's wrong to initially portray her as a character worthy of sympathy. Maybe when she's imprisoned but not at this point.Just off to re-read the series on my Kindle :-)
461	reiver	2011-04-19	There's no way the new viewer could grasp the importance of the rebellion or the Targaryens just yet, and I really don't see why it would be important to do so. Though the scene with Robert insisting on paying his respects to Lyanna did a lot to introduce her name as somebody special. A very casual viewer wouldn't think much on it, but a very casual viewer would miss a great deal of things with any great drama.This was the scene that was particuarly poorly handled imo. I accept the change of medium and the differences that entails but this scene was dialogue heavy in the book with very little happening inside Ned's head and i don't think that it needed to be changed as they did in the show. I'm fine with cutting back on some details and not overburdening viewers with a history lesson and a barrage of names but they took an axe to it and left it more obscure. There comes a point where, if you're cutting almost all the meat from a scene, what's the point even having the scene. This bit also worried me about the way the producers view their audience. Shows like the Wire, Deadwood and Rome had no problem having long scenes with lots of dialogue because, for the most part, they didn't talk down to their viewers. Here i got the impression that cutting back on some important stuff like hinting at what the hell happened to Lyanna and who this "he" that Robert kills in his dreams wasn't enough. They decided the viewers needed a comedy visit to a Brothel and some tits to keep their interest.Maybe i'm reading too much into that but i was certainly worried by the approach generally which failed to match the mature tone of the books.
462	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	to the TS:
As people have already said, as long as the book is good an adaptation will never reach it in quality. Even less when the book is as long and complicated as AGOT. I don't really see why your opinions required it's own thread instead of joining it with everyone else's in the already existing discussions though.
Personally I definitely disagree on acting and I do think the show looked great overall. Any individual imperfections are not worth dragging up if the vast majority is good. In general it sounds like it's a mix of that things just doesn't suit you and that you have had unrealistic expectations.
reiver:
Then you had a different view than mine. I think the show goes very far from underestimating the audience, quite the contrary. They put a ton of information in the first episode and it takes someone not too stupid to get all of that. If they prolong one thing, they will basically have to cut something out entirely. The reason things are shorter is because they have so little time.
463	reiver	2011-04-19	I accept the little time thing but then why the lingering shots of Dany's ass or the whole Brothel scene in place of a few words (and a few very quotable lines that i'd been dying to hear) that would round out the story and make things less confusing. 
That's what i mean, it's very good as far as adaptations go and i think it'll be a decent show in its own right but they could have done it better.
464	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	I accept the little time thing but then why the lingering shots of Dany's ass or the whole Brothel scene in place of a few words (and a few very quotable lines that i'd been dying to hear) that would round out the story and make things less confusing. That's what i mean, it's very good as far as adaptations go and i think it'll be a decent show in its own right but they could have done it better.Funnily enough I hear most voices about it being confusing from those that have already read the book. The non-readers I've heard from have mainly gotten it very well.And of course it could be better, no work of art is perfect for everyone. The main difference is that some seem to expect perfection and therefor mainly comment on what they feel is wrong. Others seem to base their expectations on that adaptations are extremely hard to do well and therefor focus on what they did well.
465	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-19	I accept the little time thing but then why the lingering shots of Dany's ass or the whole Brothel scene in place of a few words (and a few very quotable lines that i'd been dying to hear) that would round out the story and make things less confusing. That's what i mean, it's very good as far as adaptations go and i think it'll be a decent show in its own right but they could have done it better.Exactly. Dunno, maybe HBO watchers sign up for fan service instead of good dialogue material.They spent quite a few minutes on booty and forgot good quotes that could be spoken on seconds.
466	shadow of death	2011-04-19	I have talked with people that did not read the book and they really liked the show.  Part of what made reading the book so great was that you had to figure out all the mysteries.  That thrill is gone when you watch the show because you know what is going to happen.
People that hadn't read the books were totally shocked by the tower scene.  Much the same way i was when I first read it.
Some of the things I felt they got right:  Ned and all the kids except sansa.  The Lanisters are great, Robert was great.
The hounds helm was awesome.
My disapointments were Sansa, in the books she is described as being very pretty.(I am actually one of the few people that liked sansa in the books.)  Cat seemed old.  The other?  I thought they were clear/white.
467	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	Sansa, in the books she is described as being very pretty.And whaddya know, Sophie Turner as Sansa is very pretty.  I guess this proves once again that beauty is in the eye of the beholder.    /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> To that point, I'm surprised no one has griped yet about how Arya isn't ugly or boyish enough.  I know someone's bound to say it sooner or later.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 19 April 2011 - 09:44 AM.
468	shadow of death	2011-04-19	And whaddya know, Sophie Turner as Sansa is very pretty.  I guess this proves once again that beauty is in the eye of the beholder.    /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> To that point, I'm surprised no one has griped yet about how Arya isn't ugly or boyish enough.  I know someone's bound to say it sooner or later.Yes I guess it is.  I know that was a petty thing for me to comment about but it is in the eye of the beholder.
469	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-19	I actually find it hard to believe that there are people who doesn't think Sophie Turner is pretty.
I do wish Cat was a little bit younger/prettier, if only to better sell the LF still obsessed/in love with Cat plotline.
470	GileanTheGrey	2011-04-19	...To that point, I'm surprised no one has griped yet about how Arya isn't ugly or boyish enough.  I know someone's bound to say it sooner or later.This was actually my first thought when I saw the initial photos of Maisie... at least the "not ugly" part. After seeing her in character, I no longer care.My wife hasn't read the books and was watching with me. She was pretty lost in the Stark crypt scene, so I paused the DVR to outline the basic relationships between Ned, Robert, Lyanna, Catelyn, Lysa, and Jon Arryn. One of my wife's initial reactions that I found hilarious was when we got our first glimpse of Joffrey, and she said something to the effect of, "He looks like a smarmy little ass." She then went on to mention how much Joffrey reminded her of Draco Malfoy from Harry Potter. I told her the comparison was fairly apt. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I don't know why, but so far the casting choice I'm having the most trouble with is NCW as Jaime. He's doing a very good job with the part, but... something's just not jiving with my mental picture at all, and I'm having trouble getting past it.
471	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-04-19	I don't think television can ever be as good as a book at its best.  AGOT is a damned near perfect book.  Nothing could compare.  I think they did the story justice.  They stumbled a few times when they didn't have to and glossed over things that were well beyond budget done properly.  But overall, I can't wait for more.Dude, no it isn't. There are plenty of complaints you could make about the book, particularly with the way it starts.
472	theMaC	2011-04-19	The book is absolutely better.  And I honestly have to say in every instance where they directly changed the novels was inferior.
The stand-out poor scenes;
The Direwolves discover.  Sucked of all the emotion and intrigue from the books.  None of the Jon-Ned or Bran-Jon stuff, which could have been conveyed through dialog.  Bran's little "What about you" and Theon's "Ah the runt o the litter, that one's yours snow" were such a disappointment. 
Dany's Wedding Rape was also.
And the changes to Cat, which make her more sympathetic but three times as annoying and frustrating.
Overall though, a lot of positives that give me hope.  Pilots normally suck.  Very few of my favorite shows open with incredible pilots.  This one was good bordering on mediocre, but they had to rush through so much and they made really poor editing and dialog changes. 
But Jamie is perfect.  Arya, Bran, Sansa, and Robb are all perfect. Jon is a bit too mopey but whatever.
OH!  And I think "The things I do for love" was delivered perfectly.  Jamie isn't a melodramatic asshat.  I would have literally thrown up on the television if he had been holding Bran and then grievously uttered "The...things...I do...for...love" while ruminating on the possible consequences and ramifications of his actions.
He's Jamie Lannister, he doesn't fear death.  He doesn't fear problems.  It being said so casually was perfect because Jamie's whole thing was he didn't care.  He did what he had to do and he'd deal with any consequences with his sword if it came to it.
					
					
							Edited by theMaC, 19 April 2011 - 12:50 PM.
473	sadfascist	2011-04-19	Sorry for the long post below. I loved the pilot, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s an immense achievement and in some ways even improves on the books. The nuances lost in translation are unavoidable. What works on the page doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t always work on screen. I understand that. But I have to say that they butchered my favorite scene from the booksâ<U+0080><U+0094>and not for any very good reason either. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not an interior monologue, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not a throwaway moment. Arguably it is the most important scene in the entire series, as GRRM himself explains: Well, actually, I started back in 1991 during a lull while I was still working in Hollywood and I was working on another book, a science fiction book I had always wanted to write. So I was working on that book when suddenly the first chapter of A Games of Thrones, not the prologue but the first chapter, came to me. The scene of the dire wolves in the summer snow. I didn't know where it came from or where it needed to go, but from there the book seemed to write itself.This scene is the reason that ASOIAF exists. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the heart of the story, the bleakness and the terror and the hope and the magic of it all. For D&D to apparently not get that is beyond disappointing. I mean, I realize they do show the Stark kids finding the direwolves. But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s so incredibly rushed. They could have copied the scene from the book word-for-word and it would have been brilliant. Instead they cut everything meaningful to make room for less important things (the bloated 7 minute long prologue being the worst offenderâ<U+0080><U+0094>the direwolf scene is only 3 minutes). Maybe other people have a different view, I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know. Maybe they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care much for direwolves. All I can say is that when I heard of the HBO show the FIRST scene that popped into my head was this one: [Bran rides with his brothers back to Winterfell]ROBB: The deserter died bravely.JON: No. It was not courage. This one was dead of fear. You could see it in his eyes, Stark. ROBB: The White Walkers take his eyes. He died well. Race you to the bridge?JON: Done.[Ned moves up beside Bran]NED: Are you well, Bran?BRAN: Yes, father. Rob says the man died bravely, but Jon says he was afraid.NED: What do you think?BRAN: Can a man still be brave if heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s afraid?NED: That is the only time a man can be brave. Do you understand why I did it?BRAN: He was a deserter.NED: But do you understand why I had to kill him?BRAN: King Robert has a headsman. NED: He does. As did the Targaryen kings before him. Yet our way is the older way. If you would take a manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s life, you owe it to him to look into his eyes and hear his final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps the man does not deserve to die. A ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.BRAN: Is it true he saw the White Walkers? NED: The White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years.BRAN: So he lied?NED: A mad man sees what he sees. [Jon reappears, waving]JON: Father, Bran, come quickly, see what Robb has found!â<U+0080><U+009D> JORY: Trouble, my lord?NED: Beyond a doubt. Come, let us see what mischief my sons have rooted out now.[They see the dead direwolf]THEON: Gods!JORY: Robb, get away from it!ROBB: She canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t hurt you. Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dead, Jory.THEON: Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a freak. Look at the size of it.JON: Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no freak. Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a direwolf. They grow larger than the other kind. THEON: Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not been a direwolf sighted south of the Wall in two hundred years.JON: I see one now.[Bran spots the direwolf pups]ROBB: Go on. You can touch him.JON: Here you go. There are five of them.JORY: Direwolves loose in the realm, after so many years... It is a sign.NED: This is only a dead animal, Jory. Do we know what killed her?ROBB: Thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s something in the throat. There, just under the jaw.[Ned pulls out a shattered antler. No one speaks]NED: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m surprised she lived long enough to whelp.JORY: Maybe she didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve heard tales . . . maybe the bitch was already dead when the pups came.THEON: No matter. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll be dead soon enough too. Give the beast here, Bran.BRAN: No! Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mine.ROBB: Put away your sword, Greyjoy.JORY: Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>d be a mercy to kill them. NED: Jory speaks truly, son. Better a swift death than a hard one from starvation.BRAN: No! NED: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry, Bran. JON: Lord Stark. There are five pups. Three male, two female.NED: What of it, Jon?JON: You have five trueborn children. Three sons, two daughters. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. Your children were meant to have these pups, my lord.NED: You want no pup for yourself, Jon?JON: The direwolf graces the banners of House Stark. I am no Stark, Father.ROBB: I will nurse him myself, Father. I will soak a towel with warm milk, and give him suck from that.BRAN: Me too!NED: Easy to say, and harder to do. You must train them well. These are not dogs to beg for treats and slink off at a kick. A direwolf will rip a manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arm off his shoulder as easily as a dog will kill a rat. Are you sure you want this?BRAN: Yes, Father.ROBB: Yes.NED: Keep them, then. Jory, gather up the other pups. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s time we were back to Winterfell.[They start to leave. Jon stops suddenly]NED: What is it, Jon?JON: Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t you hear it? There. [Jon goes back to where they found the direwolf and comes back holding another pup]JON: He must have crawled away from the others.NED: Or been driven away.THEON: An albino. This one will die even faster than the others.JON: I think not, Greyjoy. This one belongs to me.It would have been astonishing and unforgettable to see these words come to life on the screen. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m sorry to know we will probably never have the chance again.
					
					
							Edited by sadfascist, 19 April 2011 - 02:43 PM.
474	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	And I think "The things I do for love" was delivered perfectly.  Jamie isn't a melodramatic asshat.  I would have literally thrown up on the television if he had been holding Bran and then grievously uttered "The...things...I do...for...love" while ruminating on the possible consequences and ramifications of his actions.He's Jamie Lannister, he doesn't fear death.  He doesn't fear problems.  It being said so casually was perfect because Jamie's whole thing was he didn't care.  He did what he had to do and he'd deal with any consequences with his sword if it came to it.Well said!  My sentiments exactly.This scene is the reason that ASOIAF exists. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the heart of the story, the bleakness and the terror and the hope and the magic of it all. For D&D to apparently not get that is beyond disappointing. I mean, I realize they do show the Stark kids finding the direwolves. But itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s so incredibly rushed. They could have copied the scene from the book word-for-word and it would have been brilliant. Instead they cut everything meaningful to make room for less important things (the bloated 7 minute long prologue being the worst offenderâ<U+0080><U+0094>the direwolf scene is only 3 minutes).I was also very disappointed in the look, feel and dialogue choices for the Direwolf scene, as well as the feeling that it was rushed and incomplete.  I wasn't overly critical of the episode with the exception of that.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 19 April 2011 - 02:51 PM.
475	Tuor	2011-04-19	Same here, i expected too much,so now i don`t like many things. I was hooked up to the series at direwolves scene,in book it had some sort of epicness,but on the screen it was just lame,i was really disappointed with that. And i hate Catelyn, too too old! And Theon,baaad cast!
   Ok,i understand it can`t be perfect or as good as book,but some things could have been done better. On the other side,some things trilled me,for example Sean Bean,he IS my picture of Eddard.
   All in all,i can be saticfied, I`ll keep on watching ofcourse.
476	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	Sean Bean,he IS my picture of Eddard.Yes...and the fact that he was GRRM's first choice for the role speaks for itself.
477	theMaC	2011-04-19	I don't want to sound like an apologist, because I am a very critical person, especially of things I love.But this is only a pilot.  And traditionally a lot of shows have weaker and rushed pilots because they aren't so much meant for the audience, they're meant to get a TV studio to decide if they want to invest in producing an entire series based on the premises laid out in the pilot.For that reason, some of the errors are forgivable.  I really think this should have been a two hour finale and that would have given them all the time they needed to not screw up a lot of the things they did.  The Direwolves scene is a terrible disappointment and it isn't bad because it differs from the books but because it's inferior.  It almost seems tacked on, just because.  It's clear here that the mystery of Jon Arryn's death is what they are framing to be the central plot line.  He's our Laura Palmer.So stuff like the Direwolves, who are terribly important, over time, kinda have to get down played. Cause that's not the hook they want to throw, which is disappointing.  And a lot of it could have been alleviated by showing all the Stark kids with their direwolves throughout the show.  The fact that Lady die next episode AND Nymeria is driven off and we haven't even seen them with the kids yet is crappy.  There should have been an effort to have the Direwolves around. Jon not having Ghost with him at the feast was crappy too.So we just have to hope that going forward, with the knowledge that they have X amount of time to tell this entire story, things will be better paced and more polished.And hopefully have a lot less of the talking down to the audience like we're morons.Honestly, Cat pulling Bran aside and being like "Young man climbing is dangerous blah blah token emotional sentiment blah blah" telegraphs the fall so bad.
					
					
							Edited by theMaC, 19 April 2011 - 03:39 PM.
478	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	Honestly, Cat pulling Bran aside and being like "Young man climbing is dangerous blah blah token emotional sentiment blah blah" telegraphs the fall so bad.That bit of dialogue externalized Cat's fears regarding Bran's climbing, and cemented for the audience that Bran wasn't just climbing the towers Winterfell for the hell of it - it's something he loved to do and did often.  I see that as an important setup for the fall scene and its aftermath, not merely a telegraph of the event itself.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 19 April 2011 - 04:11 PM.
479	Fiddler	2011-04-19	I loved the first episode and thought they did a good job translating what I read to the screen.  
I honestly think that some people that speak of confusion on things, such as the Robert ned talk in the crypt, may not remember reading the books for the first time.  I may be completly wrong here, but it seems to me that it was explained word for word about the relationships involved.  I haven't reread this in a bit, but I seem to remember that the reader got a sense that the girl in question was Neds sister and how important she was to Robert, but I don't remember much else being explained in that scene.  All of which I thought the show got perfect, tone wise.  It clearly gets across the importants of this person to Robert and Neds greif on her death.
The one scene I was disapointed in was the direwolf scene.  In the books, even when reading them the first time, I was able to pick up on all the little omens that were in that scene.  With all kids getting a pup except Jon, with the stags antler killing the direwolf, with the finding of the white pup.  All of the mystical and oracle properties of that scene just weren't there.
One last scene that I thought was perfectly done was the final tower scene.  I thought that it perfectly conveyed the fact that neither Jaime or Cersei have a problem doing whatever they need to do.  The throwing of Bran off the towere wasn't even whithin Jaimes notice, it seemed.  Which IMO seems to be keeping with what I remember from the books.
480	Rodgex	2011-04-19	I honestly think that some people that speak of confusion on things, such as the Robert ned talk in the crypt, may not remember reading the books for the first time. I may be completly wrong here, but it seems to me that it was explained word for word about the relationships involved. I haven't reread this in a bit, but I seem to remember that the reader got a sense that the girl in question was Neds sister and how important she was to Robert, but I don't remember much else being explained in that scene. All of which I thought the show got perfect, tone wise. It clearly gets across the importants of this person to Robert and Neds greif on her death.I was actually about to criticise the fact that they never explain about Lyanna properly in the crypt, but you may be right here, plus it would build up tension with new fans who haven't read the books wanting to know what happened.But another part that I was really annoyed by was that near the end of the episode when Catelyn just received the letter from Lysa, she says how Ned's father and brother went south before for King Aerys, but the reason behind this is never explained. Was it the same in the book, I can't actually remember, but it still should have been explained fully I thought.The scene at the end where Bran was thrown off the tower was spectacularly done, exactly as I imagined it.
481	BLU-RAY	2011-04-19	I've seen a lot of complaints about the direwolf scene, and their subsequent use, and to some extent, I get it; I loved the wolves, I loved that scene, and I really like their place in the story.  But they've come out and said that the dogs they used to play the parts were very difficult to train, so they weren't able to include them as much as they'dve liked, and I'm willing to cut them some slack.
482	ckwatch1958	2011-04-19	Direwolves scene. It did look kinda cheap. don't know why they changed the dialogue so much. i know that things change from book to movie, but when you are doing the scene anyways, why cut the "I think not Greyjoy" line, it was so revealing of the interplay between the  characters.
Biggest overall gripe is how they are portaying Cat. I know they upped the ages, but this is too big a spread. Isn't she only supposed to be about 5 years older than Cersei? If they were playing her as 40 instead of 35, I'd role with it, but they have her looking 50. Totally throws Cat off. In the book she was a lovely woman from a great house, tied to the great powers of the Kingdom. She feels isolated from things up there, not lower class. In the book, she wants to have Ned go to KL, wants Sansa and Joffery. If she isn't pushing that and paying for it later, how is she interesting? Plus, while they show a little tension between Jon and Cat, they don't show any of the venom. So if it shows up later, after Bran's fall, it just becomes grieving mom, rather than something older and more subtle.
Love the Lannisters, love Ned, love the Kids.
483	johnnysd	2011-04-19	Sorry for the long post below. I loved the pilot, itÂ<U+0092>s an immense achievement and in some ways even improves on the books. The nuances lost in translation are unavoidable. What works on the page doesnÂ<U+0092>t always work on screen. I understand that. But I have to say that they butchered my favorite scene from the booksÂ<U+0097>and not for any very good reason either. ItÂ<U+0092>s not an interior monologue, itÂ<U+0092>s not a throwaway moment. Arguably it is the most important scene in the entire series, as GRRM himself explains: This scene is the reason that ASOIAF exists. ItÂ<U+0092>s the heart of the story, the bleakness and the terror and the hope and the magic of it all. For D&D to apparently not get that is beyond disappointing. I mean, I realize they do show the Stark kids finding the direwolves. But itÂ<U+0092>s so incredibly rushed. They could have copied the scene from the book word-for-word and it would have been brilliant. Instead they cut everything meaningful to make room for less important things (the bloated 7 minute long prologue being the worst offenderÂ<U+0097>the direwolf scene is only 3 minutes). Maybe other people have a different view, I donÂ<U+0092>t know. Maybe they donÂ<U+0092>t care much for direwolves. All I can say is that when I heard of the HBO show the FIRST scene that popped into my head was this one: It would have been astonishing and unforgettable to see these words come to life on the screen. IÂ<U+0092>m sorry to know we will probably never have the chance again.To be honest I think that scene and the whole hour to be honest, played incrtedibly similar to the book. It's just completely unrealistic that it will be a line by line translstion. Did it not feel like Game of Thrones to you? It did to me. I thought it was close to perfect
484	ingsve	2011-04-19	2).  Horses must cost a helluva lot, because where they should have been there, they weren't.  Particularly notable for me is the beheading scene and ride back--Ned's conversion with Bran should have happened on horseback.  I'm hoping they don't skimp on them with the Dothraki--their culture is defined by horses and wide open plains. I'm afraid we won't be getting that.Well, having a scene on horseback works much better in a book than on the screen. It would probably look a bit strange and forced and could potentially take away from the acting as well.
485	arsonstar	2011-04-19	they def dropped the ball on the direwolf scene. seemed like an afterthought.
Im pretty sure they didnt lay out the whole rhaegar, lyanna, rebellion thing in the crypts.
so that didnt bother me.
Irc. cat wanted ned to go south because of the letter (they got that before the king even got to winterfell right) and changed her tune after brans fall. I think this would play the whole who killed jon arryn bit much better.
all in all, i was mildly dissapointed. to cut out and change the stuff they did, and then ADD a tyrion whore scene. I like titties but cmon!
486	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-19	Same here, i expected too much,so now i don`t like many things. I was hooked up to the series at direwolves scene,in book it had some sort of epicness,but on the screen it was just lame,i was really disappointed with that. And i hate Catelyn, too too old! And Theon,baaad cast!   Ok,i understand it can`t be perfect or as good as book,but some things could have been done better. On the other side,some things trilled me,for example Sean Bean,he IS my picture of Eddard.   All in all,i can be saticfied, I`ll keep on watching ofcourse.So Catelyn is too old, but 52-year old Sean Bean as Ned is fine?
487	Aemon Stark	2011-04-19	The book is pretty much always better, but I really enjoyed this first episode. Just finished watching it a few minutes ago. I agree that the pacing was a bit clunky but that's to be expected with pilots. If I have any complaint about the aforementioned tower scene, it's that it was too short. Jaime's reaction was similar to my interpretation - what was missing was the expository dialogue in the book. But I expect they'll have gone in a different direction in the next episode to portray the same thing. 
Casting was generally excellent to perfect. Lena Headley was if anything very sympathetic to start - which is how Cersei ought to begin and I'm excited to see more of her. Emilia Clarke was note perfect as Dany - and with hardly a word. To some extent there's always a letdown when your imagination gets reinterpreted on screen but she was perfect. All in all I just want to see more of everyone.
488	moot	2011-04-19	My first reaction seeing Catelyn was that she was older than I'd pictured. But yes, Tyrion Lannister, so is Sean Bean. After the episode, Cat seemed rightly cast alongside Ed. Winterfell looks like a harsh place to live, even for the nobility, and after having five children, I can well imagine Cat looking prematurely aged.
So no, not what I pictured, but admittedly, what I'd imagined was not very realistic. I can appreciate that what the show has given us would be far closer to how it might be if the world was real.
489	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-19	Just realized that my little quip about Sean Bean's age earlier might have sounded like I was criticizing the decision to have him play Ned.  For the record, that wasn't the way I intended it at all.  I thought Bean was a fantastic choice the minute I heard about it, and still think so after seeing the first episode.  And I think Michelle Fairley complements him perfectly.  Having a 20 or 30 something play Cat to Bean's Ned would've looked and felt awkward--that's the point I was trying to make.
490	Bronn Stone	2011-04-20	Dude, no it isn't. There are plenty of complaints you could make about the book, particularly with the way it starts.Sure.  If you wanted to be so wrong that you couldn't be wronger if you walked on the wrong side of the wrong street getting hit in the head with a wrong stick.  The first few chapters of that book are brilliant.
491	Salome Sand Witch	2011-04-20	And I think Michelle Fairley complements him perfectly.  Having a 20 or 30 something play Cat to Bean's Ned would've looked and felt awkward--that's the point I was trying to make.I agree in principal that having an aged up Catelyn should be ok - but one thing that still bugs me after seeing her in the pilot (and not just in photos) is that (to me) she looks like a menopausal (or post menopausal) woman.  Imho, Catelyn should still look fertile and maternal.I'm in agreement about the direwolf scene.  I really wanted to see the (hint) of magic that was in the books.But, I'm also thrilled this show is being made - so can't wait until next week.
492	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-20	I agree in principal that having an aged up Catelyn should be ok - but one thing that still bugs me after seeing her in the pilot (and not just in photos) is that (to me) she looks like a menopausal (or post menopausal) woman.  Imho, Catelyn should still look fertile and maternal.I'm in agreement about the direwolf scene.  I really wanted to see the (hint) of magic that was in the books.But, I'm also thrilled this show is being made - so can't wait until next week.Why does she need to look like that when characters like Eddard has been aged up more than she has. The age gap between Fairley and Bean is 7 years, while it's 2-3 years in the novel. She's also less aged up than, for example, Tyrion. It seems like people aren't equally apt at judging ages on men compared to women.
493	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-20	Why does she need to look like that when characters like Eddard has been aged up more than she has. The age gap between Fairley and Bean is 7 years, while it's 2-3 years in the novel. She's also less aged up than, for example, Tyrion. It seems like people aren't equally apt at judging ages on men compared to women.I think the point people are trying to make is that Michelle Fairley (bless her heart) LOOKS older than Sean Bean, despite their chronological ages.  Worse yet, she looks older than Catelyn "should."  For the record, my sister (who incidentally is 46, the same age as Fairley) has this same complaint.  It's her only major beef with the show vis a vis the books. Personally I disagree - I think the two actors complement each other as a couple very well, and that Fairley is a lovely woman and very convincing as Catelyn.  Everyone on the show is aged up so it makes sense.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 20 April 2011 - 03:19 PM.
494	Kaitscralt	2011-04-20	I didn't have a problem with any of the casting. Sansa is a little less beautiful than I imagined but the actress is growing on me after watching the episode a couple of times. She definitely sticks out from the women of Winterfell.
Gosh, little Arya is so cute! I can't get over those big eyes.
A final note - did anyone else find it amusing that Robb and Tyrion look more related than anybody because of their prominent brows?
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 20 April 2011 - 03:14 PM.
495	Eponine	2011-04-20	Regarding character appearance, I had a very definite idea of the Tully look, based on a compilation of book character descriptions, and I'm still having kind of a hard time getting past that. I think that TV Cat's physical appearance is absolutely fine, but am disappointed that Robb, Sansa and Bran don't resemble her or each other more - I realize that it's just not possible to cast that many good look-alike actors but find it a bit off putting nonetheless. 
In particular, my idea of the Tullys is somewhat stocky and prone to plumpness if not active. In the books, Lysa has gone to fat, Robb is broad shouldered, and Sansa is an early physical developer, attracting men's notice at age 12. While Cat and the children who resemble her aren't fat because they have an active life, I wanted to see them all be more voluptuous/stocky. 
Oh well, can't have everything.
496	Glow	2011-04-20	I really think is not possible to translate a book (a great book in this case) into film and get a final product which "keeps up to the book" for all the readers. It could keep up for an "hypothetical reader" and maybe it could get close to what creatives involved in the making of the film got out from the book but there's no way it could match the personal universes of each reader along the world.
A writer creates a castle of words which we, as readers, inhabit. We bring our own memories to this castle, we put a lot of ourselves: how we see the world, things we enjoy, our own personal feelings at the time, things we've seen, things we've lived through and then well, books we read -and how we felt through all that. My own "adaptation" of the book changed in time as my personal point of view on things changed, some characters I understand now why I just can't stand them and that understanding is helping me sorting out some things I think I'll live better if rid of.
A book is a universe, or at least it has the potential to be one and each reader will have a personal reference coding which is not just about the words and the grammar but about how we feel their flow, how sometimes one thing just pours into another making totally impossible to leave that world because while we are reading we finish forging it and doing it makes us part of a creative process which has no end. For every single reader there will be a different shade of blond for the lions, e distinct presence for Starks, a personal definition of Targs and so on because what I think is glorious red hair or and imperious look or a broad shouldered guy and that's that wonderful things books can deliver. I love some choices (Arya, Ned, Bran, Tyrion for a start) and I don't understand others because they are quite far from what I had in mind (Catelyn for a start, but Robert doesn't look a bit as I thought he would, and Cersei does not have what I would call "golden hair" but I'm sure I will live happy with it anyway.
For the others I always found descriptions of monster far more realistic and terrifying than any monster on screen, probably because the horrors I can imagine are for me a lot worse than any already cooked up monster around, so I wasn't really into a high expectations mood. I didn't get why they changed that though.
I'm just happy the series is there, and I really want to get into reading ADWD, and I have this blinding hope whispering to me that if Martin signed a contract with HBO then maybe I won't be waiting a lifetime for the next book.
497	TheBigTEA	2011-04-20	So... I am not here to complain really because I have to say I am so excited that they are doing this (and for 2 seasons no less!) 
The actor who plays Benjen looks EXACTLY like I thought Eddard should look. Like...exactly. I have no problem with Bean as Ned, but that guy is PERFECT.
The girl who they got to play Arya also looks just like my head Arya. 
The only complaint I really have is the Dothraki scene.....it should have been just CRAZY and mad with a hundred thousand people...but I know why they didn't do it.
498	fitheach	2011-04-20	I think the point people are trying to make is that Michelle Fairley (bless her heart) LOOKS older than Sean Bean, despite their chronological ages.  Worse yet, she looks older than Catelyn "should."  For the record, my sister (who incidentally is 46, the same age as Fairley) has this same complaint.  It's her only major beef with the show vis a vis the books. Personally I disagree - I think the two actors complement each other as a couple very well, and that Fairley is a lovely woman and very convincing as Catelyn.  Everyone on the show is aged up so it makes sense.I call bullshite! Michelle Fairley looks like a better 46 than most women at that age in the U.S. (in our oh so modern 2011), it is known... I don't know what 46 year olds you know who look younger (other than actresses, older models, women who get work done, and the rare genetic winners), but most do not. She looks realistic, lovely, and perfect for Ned. The characters on the show were aged up, get used to it. /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 20 April 2011 - 11:02 PM.
499	GoTreviews	2011-04-20	A final note - did anyone else find it amusing that Robb and Tyrion look more related than anybody because of their prominent brows?I wouldn't have noticed (but it is amusing /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />). The only apparence issue I had was between Robb and Theon. I could hardly tell them appart at first... This is odd, I expected something different. I hope the others Greyjoy will have a more... hmmm... "special" look, let's say.edit: He has a distinctive figure, for sure. But I just felt like he could pass for one of the Stark's sons to the non-readers (especially during the execution scene). Maybe it's intended, since Theon's supposed to feel alien to his kind when he goes back...
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 21 April 2011 - 03:05 AM.
500	Manakhkubar	2011-04-21	I wouldn't have noticed (but it is amusing /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />). The only apparence issue I had was between Robb and Theon. I could hardly tell them appart at first... This is odd, I expected something different. I hope the others Greyjoy will have a more... hmmm... "special" look, let's say.That is strange. I really liked the distinct Welsh look of "Theon". As soon as I saw that guy, I knew it had to be a non-Stark, even a non-Northerner. I never imagined the Greyjoys to be "welshish", but that really lets Theon stick out - for me at least.
501	Rinso	2011-04-21	Well, the books would always be the best to me, but I think that this first episode was a heroic effort that played very well. 
The first time I watched it, the pace felt rushed to me and some scenes a bit underdeveloped, but in subsequent re-watchs, it got better. The episode got right more things than it did wrong, and for the most part, luckily, it got right the important stuff and dropped the ball only on minor issues. 
Doesn't mean I don't have complaints - still wish they had salvaged the wedding scene between Dany and Drogo, the Prologue is a mess and the direwolves were but all but non-existant, but everything else was as good as it could have been. 
I think that the show will get even better and hopefully, it will remain faithful to the books.
502	Jo498	2011-04-21	I agree with all who disliked the Direwolf Scene. This was bad in many respects. The children should find the wolves before Ned and the others catch up, and it was over too fast.The brothel scene with Tyrion was completely superfluous, that time should have been used for other things (e.g. a longer Direwolf finding, or maybe Arya and Sansa receiving their pups after the party gets home).Theon is unexplained for the ones who do not know the book. Altogether, I am not sure if a lot is quite confusing for people not familiar with the books. It's probably to old-fashioned (and wouldn't be true to the books either), but at some place a narrator wouldn't have been to bad.(The intro with the map was pretty good for some background info, and it also plays on the "game" metaphor, I think. That was well done.)I liked the fact that Jon was completely excluded from the feast (or chose to do so, rather than sitting with the  sevants), because to get these distinctions right would have been difficult or required a much longer feast scene.Bran's fall was quite bad as well, IMO. In the book the twins are actually nude and at foreplay, while talking in a treacherous way. I always found it important that what Bran heard was at least as dangerous as what he saw (he did not really understand what they were doing). And it takes too long. It's almost premeditated murder, not a rather spontaneous act.The Dany scenes were o.k., I guess. Again, the strange relationship to Drogo is not easy to get across. Ser Jorah could have been introduced a little earlier, with more background. Not enough info for non-readers again.BUT: I think Drogo and the Dothraki are rather messed up altogether. I understand that their barbaric nature has to come across. But they do wear vests in the books, not eyeshade. The Drogo guy seems a non-actor to me.Dragon eggs were not beautiful enough.And Illyrio was way too serious, completely understated. This guy should be jabba-like obese with a coulored beard and covered in jewelry, altogether rather repulsive, at least ambiguous, not like a nice uncle.Compared to Drogo, the Dothraki and Illyrio, I think the Westerosi cast is just fine.All in all, I am not as thrilled as I hoped I would be. But I am one of those guys who hardly ever like a movie/tv adaption (I never watched the 3rd part of LotR, because I found the 2nd so bad.). These books are simply too epic to get even half the important things (that make them special) across on the screen.
503	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-21	The books are always going to be better, there will always be parts of the books either not explained fully or cut. Unless it's something big that gets overlooked i generally don't see much issue and don't have a problem. I try to separate the book and TV/Movie and judge them independantly, sometimes it;s hard to do though.
504	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-21	All in all, I am not as thrilled as I hoped I would be. But I am one of those guys who hardly ever like a movie/tv adaption (I never watched the 3rd part of LotR, because I found the 2nd so bad.). These books are simply too epic to get even half the important things (that make them special) across on the screen.It's good that you realize that adaptations don't suit you, most nit-pickers don't seem to have reached that conclusion. Expecting details to be just like in the book is completely unrealistic for a TV or film adaptation and it's better to be in a position where you're pleasantly surprised when they are able to get things close, rather than to have expectations that you know won't be met.Personally I don't even really see the point of having an adaptation that's exactly like the book, even if you dismiss the fact that there are lots of practical hinders. That seems like it's just for people that don't like reading or people with very poor imaginations so they don't see what's described when they read. It's like the difference of taking a photo of something or make a painting of it. The painting will not be nearly as close to an exact visual representation as the photo (especially not in cubism, surrealism etc) but a lot of people would find the artistic value of the painting far higher. An artist doesn't copy, he interprets things.But to each his own.
505	Glow	2011-04-21	I got my partner to watch the episode and he got so much into that now is frantic trying to get the books (in italian, his english is not good enough for non translated first approach). I really think it is a huge result if they get more people into the books looking for more of the series. 
In a way this adaptation looks better than LOTR and I'm really happy about it.
506	Cot	2011-04-21	Its a pity that alot of the areas where the pilot falls down comes down to budget - Direwolf scene, dothraki wedding.  This is actually one of my bigger concerns - while the books are great mostly because of the characters, there is a definite epic scope, particularly in the east, and especially later on in the book and books 2 and 3.
I hope they can do the battle at the green fork, bywater, the khalasar on the march, the giants etc justice with the limited (if larger than normal) budget.
But I'm with the consensus view, largely favourable.  Casting is excellent (thought I'm struggling with Robert and I can't shake Boromir from my head).  Shortcomings are the score, which goes nowhere, and a few scenes (direwolf)/(others).
Lets see how it goes.
507	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-21	I call bullshite! Michelle Fairley looks like a better 46 than most women at that age in the U.S. (in our oh so modern 2011), it is known... I don't know what 46 year olds you know who look younger (other than actresses, older models, women who get work done, and the rare genetic winners), but most do not. She looks realistic, lovely, and perfect for Ned. The characters on the show were aged up, get used to it. /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />LOL, whoa there, buddy.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Maybe I didn't make myself clear enough...I happen to agree with you that Michelle Fairley looks great for 46 (in fact I thought I spelled that out?).  I was trying to drive home the point that a lot of people think she looks "too old" to play the part, i.e. the way they had envisioned Catelyn was different from what's on the screen.  Plus there have been many (my own sister included) who think she looks older than Sean Bean and that makes them uncomfortable.   Like I said in my post, I think she's a great complement to Bean's Ned and not too far off from what I had pictured for Cat.
508	TerraPrime	2011-04-21	Its a pity that alot of the areas where the pilot falls down comes down to budget - Direwolf scene, dothraki wedding.  This is actually one of my bigger concerns - while the books are great mostly because of the characters, there is a definite epic scope, particularly in the east, and especially later on in the book and books 2 and 3.That's as it should be, in a way, since Martin wrote the series to get away from TV budget constraints. He deliberately wrote the biggest, the largest, and the most extravagant set he can so it's not surprising at all that many of his scenes will not be do-able as TV episode, even for HBO.
509	Balefont	2011-04-21	I've seen a lot of complaints about the direwolf scene, and their subsequent use, and to some extent, I get it; I loved the wolves, I loved that scene, and I really like their place in the story.  But they've come out and said that the dogs they used to play the parts were very difficult to train, so they weren't able to include them as much as they'dve liked, and I'm willing to cut them some slack.Yes, exactly.  Especially when it's a choice between real "wolves" and CGI wolves.
510	DemiNymph	2011-04-21	LOL, whoa there, buddy.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Maybe I didn't make myself clear enough...I happen to agree with you that Michelle Fairley looks great for 46 (in fact I thought I spelled that out?).  I was trying to drive home the point that a lot of people think she looks "too old" to play the part, i.e. the way they had envisioned Catelyn was different from what's on the screen.  Plus there have been many (my own sister included) who think she looks older than Sean Bean and that makes them uncomfortable.   Like I said in my post, I think she's a great complement to Bean's Ned and not too far off from what I had pictured for Cat.Oh the actress is 46? I didn't know that. Although she looks great for 46, Cat isn't 46. And the actress does look like she's in her mid 40s, she does not look young for her age. If she had gotten rid of the frown lines on the forehead, then she may pass for younger. I was surprised to see so many on TV. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> In the books, I pictured her as 35-36 in aGoT as Rob was 15. If Rob is about 18 in the series, Cat should look 38... how old was she when she married Ned? Definitely not when she was in her late twenties.  No wonder the actress doesn't look right to me. Hence the too old comments. And it should make for better TV to have a hotter Cat.
511	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	And it should make for better TV to have a hotter Cat.Buy a pin-up calendar if you want 100% hotness, all the time. I find it distracts from the story to have all the characters be perfect shiny TV people - a real flaw of most American TV. If all the actors are attractive, none of them stand out. If Cat is as stunning as Cersei, why would Cersei be famous as a great beauty? Cat looking ordinary makes characters who are supposed to be attractive look even more so.
512	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-21	Oh the actress is 46? I didn't know that. Although she looks great for 46, Cat isn't 46. And the actress does look like she's in her mid 40s, she does not look young for her age. If she had gotten rid of the frown lines on the forehead, then she may pass for younger. I was surprised to see so many on TV. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> In the books, I pictured her as 35-36 in aGoT as Rob was 15. If Rob is about 18 in the series, Cat should look 38... how old was she when she married Ned? Definitely not when she was in her late twenties.  No wonder the actress doesn't look right to me. Hence the too old comments. And it should make for better TV to have a hotter Cat.Yes, Michelle Fairley is 46.A lot of actors ages vs. character ages were bound to get mixed up regardless, really nothing you can do about that.  The funny thing that no one seems to be mentioning is that Ned is mid-30s in the book, ergo "supposed" to be 38-ish in the series - yet Sean Bean is 51!  Again, I'm not complaining about that, but there's an obvious double standard going between Bean & Fairley in the eyes of a lot of fans.(I sense that this discussion is starting to go 'round in circles so this'll probably be my last word on it.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)If Cat is as stunning as Cersei, why would Cersei be famous as a great beauty?This is an excellent point.
513	Slick Mongoose	2011-04-21	The funny thing that no one seems to be mentioning is that Ned is mid-30s in the book, ergo "supposed" to be 38-ish in the series - yet Sean Bean is 51!  Again, I'm not complaining about that, but there's an obvious double standard going between Bean & Fairley in the eyes of a lot of fans.Quite.I find this stuff about Fairley to be the oddest criticism.
514	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-21	My major, major beef is the direwolf scene, for the reasons mentioned. Bad, bad production values. After that, I'd pick on the Dothraki wedding and the Dothraki in general (which has apparently bothered many reviewers as discussed in Slate today). I think the problem there with the scene was really the woman. She was just way too tribal-themed Skinemax. It was just completely fake. I think they should have left out the actual screwing, maybe. I also disliked the brothel scene with Tyrion, after Jaime walks in. Before that it was perfect. It was too over the top and didn't add anything. Did not like the White Walker. The whole thing was like Predator for me. I did not mind Bran's fall as much, although I would have preferred it as written in the book. I'm guessing the actors weren't up for it. I think it was actually the way the fall was shot that made it kind of "meh" not the delivery of the line. Also, because it's on TV, it really should have looked a lot more like he was going to drag him in before he throws him out. I think that would have worked better. I watched it on Monday with a friend who has not read the books, and he did not like it. At all, apparently. He didn't know who anyone was and found it to be full of laughably stilted dialogue about stereotypical fantasy crap. "One wolf for each of the Stark children!!!"OTOH, my husband's boss watched it and loved it as did some other people, all of whom are rushing out to get the books. IMHO, if it were me, I'd wait to finish the season because I think the payoff on not knowing the end will be that much better on TV. I also did not like the first 100 pages of GoT as a book.  Lastly, I see that reviewers seemed to have gotten 4 episodes each, generally love the show, and do, however, pan the pilot. So, I did like the pilot but there were a lot of things I did not like about it, but I expect every episode forward to be better and better and I do think it will work as an HBO series.
515	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-21	I watched it on Monday with a friend who has not read the books, and he did not like it. At all, apparently. He didn't know who anyone was and found it to be full of laughably stilted dialogue about stereotypical fantasy crap. "One wolf for each of the Stark children!!!"I don't know your friend, but judging by that reaction I'd guess he's someone with a personal dislike for the fantasy genre in general.  Those types of folks will have a difficult time getting past the elements of the genre that turn them off and therefore won't be apt to give the show (or the books) a chance.
516	Trebla	2011-04-21	They added a line to point out Sean Bean's Ned was a bit older than he was in the books. Jaime mocks Ned with "Getting a little old?" in regards to whether or not Ned would join the lists.
517	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-21	If Michelle Fairley had, say, one chemical peel, then I think she'd be fine for Catelyn. Let's go back to back. She just looks a lot older.(Granted it's probably because of the skin treatments/plastic surgery that Sean Bean has probably had, because that photo is from April 2011 and he looks great, but whatever)
					
					
							Edited by Raids, 21 April 2011 - 03:02 PM.
518	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	and it is obvious in the book that he is in fact acting out of love.really? because that's not what I felt at all when I read it. I've only just finished A Game of Thrones, so I don't know wut happens after this book. But I didn't think Jaime threw him out of the window because of love, I think he did it because it's just automatic to protect the Lannister name, it's pride and it's shame. I also think Jaime is so confident in everything he does, he takes no issue with killing a 10 year old boy, where Cersei (whether it stems from her gender or her upbringing or general disposition) is simply more emotional about family issues and secrets. That's why Jaime seemed to cool, not flippant, just calm where Cersei WAS terrified, and probably ashamed. I'm sure that Jaime feels less guilty about his relationship with his sister than Cersei does.
519	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	If Michelle Fairley had, say, one chemical peel, then I think she'd be fine for Catelyn.Because the salons of Winterfell are so renowned, right? She should also have a boob job and botox. Just to remain completely accurate for the period of history. [/sarcasm]
520	Whitering	2011-04-21	My Sister-in-law is watching the show and then listening to the audio book after the fact. Right now she's only up to the finding of the direwolves in the book though. She quite enjoyed the first episode, more than I did. You can see that certain actors are going to shine in their roles and I now dread that much of the narrative in the books comes from actors I am not sure about.
521	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-21	Because the salons of Winterfell are so renowned, right? She should also have a boob job and botox. Just to remain completely accurate for the period of history. [/sarcasm]I don't really care about whatever agendas people have with this issue. I just thought she looked too much older than her husband, given that it doesn't seem like she's too much older in the book, if at all. If you're offended by that for whatever reason, be offended, but I try to limit my own feminist outrage to issues that actually implicate sexism, just so we don't look too stupid to the non-believers out there.
					
					
							Edited by Raids, 21 April 2011 - 03:46 PM.
522	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	I don't really care about whatever agendas people have with this issue. I just thought she looked too much older than her husband, given that it doesn't seem like she's too much older in the book, if at all. If you're offended by that for whatever reason, be offended, but I try to limit my own feminist outrage to issues that actually implicate sexism, just so we don't look too stupid to the non-believers out there.If she looks too old, then she should have been played by a different, younger actress. And Ned should have been played by a younger actor, too. They are both technically too old. It's the judging the woman by a different standard than the man that gets me. If Cat's too old, Ned's too old. Simple. The books don't count too much here because they are both much older. The timelines have clearly been stretched. Ned and Cat are about 35 in the books, but probably 10 years older in the TV series.
523	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	If she looks too old, then she should have been played by a different, younger actress. And Ned should have been played by a younger actor, too. They are both technically too old. It's the judging the woman by a different standard than the man that gets me. If Cat's too old, Ned's too old. Simple. The books don't count too much here because they are both much older. The timelines have clearly been stretched. Ned and Cat are about 35 in the books, but probably 10 years older in the TV series.It's clear Cat is way too old in the show because during her chapters, she hints that's she's still young enough to have another child. So she can't be anymore than 40 and this tv Cat is like 49.9999
524	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	It's clear Cat is way too old in the show because during her chapters, she hints that's she's still young enough to have another child. So she can't be anymore than 40 and this tv Cat is like 49.9999Uh huh. That's a difference in the TV and book versions. Sean Bean (51) can't pass as Ned Stark (about 35) either.
525	kairparavel	2011-04-21	If she looks too old, then she should have been played by a different, younger actress. And Ned should have been played by a younger actor, too. They are both technically too old. It's the judging the woman by a different standard than the man that gets me. If Cat's too old, Ned's too old. Simple. The books don't count too much here because they are both much older. The timelines have clearly been stretched. Ned and Cat are about 35 in the books, but probably 10 years older in the TV series.I don't care if they aged up the Stark parents to their 60's...the actress playing Catelyn, regardless of her actual age looks too much older than Eddard regardless of Sean Bean's actual age. It has nothing to do with sexism or ageism. It's the freaking way she looks. Good God. You may not agree. That's fine. But for some of us, we simply do not like it. If they had found a 55 year old woman who looked younger than Sean Bean, that would have been fine too. That's it. Everyone has something. I read on one of the review threads in here that someone felt Emilia Clarke was too chubby to play Dany. Personally, I find that crazy.
526	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	Everyone has something. I read on one of the review threads in here that someone felt Emilia Clarke was too chubby to play Dany. Personally, I find that crazy.I think she's perfect actually...people seem to forget that people didn't have Bowflex bodies in the times when the best mode of transportation was horse-n-buggy....
527	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	I don't care if they aged up the Stark parents to their 60's...the actress playing Catelyn, regardless of her actual age looks too much older than Eddard regardless of Sean Bean's actual age. It has nothing to do with sexism or ageism. It's the freaking way she looks. Good God. You may not agree. That's fine.I don't agree. They look kind of the same age to me. I suspect that Cat was aged up to match Ned, since they would have picked the "star" actor first.It's an illusion caused by the fact on the screen women tend to play older than they actually are (after 35 or so), so we get used to the way that looks, and when an older couple actually match in age, it starts to look odd.
528	Eponine	2011-04-21	Everyone has something. I read on one of the review threads in here that someone felt Emilia Clarke was too chubby to play Dany. Personally, I find that crazy.While I think that the word "chubby" is ill chosen, definitely Dany in the books is much less curvy as befits a girl who is 5 year younger than in the TV show. She barely has breasts and Viserys worries multiple times that she'll be too young for Drogo. There is and should be no question that the things that happen to Dany in the books cannot be showed on a girl who looks 13. However, it is something of a different story when the character is aged up and physically matured so much.
529	aeu	2011-04-21	If Michelle Fairley had, say, one chemical peel, then I think she'd be fine for Catelyn. Let's go back to back. She just looks a lot older.(Granted it's probably because of the skin treatments/plastic surgery that Sean Bean has probably had, because that photo is from April 2011 and he looks great, but whatever)In fairness to Ms. Fairley, that picture is probably from the George Best movie, in which she plays his alcoholic, worn-down mother. She looks much better in the Game of Thrones.Personally, I think the TV Ned and Cat are not a bad match, that part doesn't bother me. Though I have my doubts about the Littlefinger / Cat part of the story. Not only because of the age / appearance, but the whole package. I have hard time seeing this reimagined TV Cat as the lifelong object of desire for the TV Littlefinger. (Admittedly, my idea of TV Littlefinger is based on appearence and some short clips, so I guess we will see how that works.)
530	TerraPrime	2011-04-21	I don't think Fairley looks older than Bean. I don't know what the rest of you were watching, to be honest. 
And even if she did, so what? In real life, some people look older than their age, and some look younger. If Cat on screen looks older than Ned, then what of it? Why is this a point of annoyance? Bones in an egg, much?
531	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	While I think that the word "chubby" is ill chosen, definitely Dany in the books is much less curvy as befits a girl who is 5 year younger than in the TV show. She barely has breasts and Viserys worries multiple times that she'll be too young for Drogo. There is and should be no question that the things that happen to Dany in the books cannot be showed on a girl who looks 13. However, it is something of a different story when the character is aged up and physically matured so much.good point, it would be Dakota Fanning all over again....is it possible that our concept of "13 years old" is different from that of a fantasy realms 13? We dont kno if a year is 365 days in the 7 Kingdoms (do we?). A year could be 500 days in the 7 kingdoms....
532	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	I have hard time seeing this reimagined TV Cat as the lifelong object of desire for the TV Littlefinger. (Admittedly, my idea of TV Littlefinger is based on appearence and some short clips, so I guess we will see how that works.)First of all, he hasn't seen her for many years, so his obsession is based on a romanticised memory of her. Secondly, he swiftly moves his attentions to her young daughter when he re-encounters the real Cat.
533	JaimeKingSlaya	2011-04-21	I see where the OP is coming from, especially since I am a long time reader of the series as well (about 11 years). However I never entertained any notions that the tv series would be anything close to the books. One of my friends is such a purist that he wont even watch the series. 
With the being said, it is kind of awkward seeing it on screen after having these characters in your head for so long. Ive re-read the series so many times that they are almost like old friends. So I had to watch it a couple more times before I was comfortable with it. 
I really did like the show after getting over the initial awkwardness. Cersie and Jaime where pretty much how I imagined them. As far as Tyrion goes I will always imagine the ugly dwarf with the mismatched eyes and a beard, but I can live with the guy they have playing him because he did a pretty good job. Ned is perfect, I know the actor is older then Ned in the books but he can easily pass as someone in his mid to late thirties that has been through a lot and has a lot of cares. 
I only really have a couple of small problems with the first episode of the adaption and none of them are a big deal except one thing (which I will mention in the next paragraph). Ive heard a lot of the criticism of Catelyn being to old and I can see why. I found the whole character to be a little bit off, especially with her chat with Cersie over dinner and her trying to stop Ned from beheading the deserter. I can live with this Catelyn though since I did not really like the one in the books lol. 
The actress they found to play Arya is perfect but I didn't like the whole archery thing one bit. Arya shooting the arrow over Bran's head while Cat and Ned sit there and smile was not really the culture of the Stark family at this stage. They where still trying to make Arya into a lady at this point.  I remember how uncomfortable Ned was when he discovered needle, so I don't know how they will deal with that when the time comes. Cant really bulk at letting the girl have a sword when they acted like her shooting a bow with great accuracy was perfectly normal (especially at an angle where an inaccurate shot could have taken one of her brothers in the back of the head.) If its okay for her to just show up in her dress and start shooting arrows right by her brother's head then I guess she should just ask Ned for a sword instead of having Jon give her one in secret. Having her shoot a bow perfectly right of the bat is what i would expect to see in a Robert Jordan book (i'm a fan of RJ dont get me wrong). I really hope they don't screw up Arya's character development to bad because she was one of my favorite characters. Other then that the Arya character was done well and they did a good job capturing her personality.  
The scenes involving the Targaryen exiles where excellent and the casting is perfect for all the roles involved.
Opening scene was changed a little bit to make it faster which is good. However I agree with a previous poster that said the wolf scene should have been done verbatim from the books, it would have been a lot more powerful. 
Winterfell and Kings Landing are exactly how I envisioned them. 
The ending with Bran's fall was well done. I disagree with the OP on this point I thought the delivery was perfect. 
So overall as a long time reader of the series I enjoyed the show. I give the first episode a 9 of out 10..losing a whole point for Arya doing archery. The rest was either extremely well done or at least okay.
534	DemiNymph	2011-04-21	Uh huh. That's a difference in the TV and book versions. Sean Bean (51) can't pass as Ned Stark (about 35) either.I did not know prior to you posting that that Sean Bean is 51. I thought that he looked 40-42 in this show, probably because all that hair was hiding his face. Also, men always look like they age slower than women, a sad fact of life. My husband is a good 6 years older than me and no one would know as we look about the same age. Well, it's normal. These comments that people make here about the actress's age and looks are not meant to be mean. You do know need to get your knickers into a twist about this discussion on age and beauty. Judging by the nick that you choose, it is a sore spot with you. You want to stand up for people who are judged by their appearances. I get it. But it is really not the point of this discussion as we are just the audience of a TV show sharing our opinions and perceptions.
535	Glow	2011-04-21	In a way I think a woman who got that many children and lived in a world where hot bathtubs where something in the way of luxury (and with no Genifique or gentherapy, or even Neutrogena to keep the skin from suffering the cold and dryness of northern winters) aging wouldn't be something happening smoothly. If they had to age the characters then it makes some sense for her to look a bit older, and as long as she and Ned where almost the same age (but I could be mistaken here) it's soemthing to consider the fact of her looking older/wearier than he does. The way we evaluate male and female age and appeal is not uniform: in a guy some expression wrinkles and a sun/wind wore skin give a manly appealing look; in a woman is the skin transparency and clear unblemished look to be a huge part of what we perceive as "young" (and that fades fast unless you really work hard to delay the inevitable). This said, Cat is one of the characters I thought would have look really differently from the screen ones, maybe not as a perceived age as much as the general look.
536	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-21	Judging by the nick that you choose, it is a sore spot with you. You want to stand up for people who are judged by their appearances.Not really. I just like to play big dumb warrior women in tabletop RPGs.
537	Eponine	2011-04-21	good point, it would be Dakota Fanning all over again....is it possible that our concept of "13 years old" is different from that of a fantasy realms 13? We dont kno if a year is 365 days in the 7 Kingdoms (do we?). A year could be 500 days in the 7 kingdoms....Girls seem to reach puberty around 12-14, which is pretty similar to modern teenagers. It seems that the attitude was that girls could be married as soon as they went through puberty, but in Westeros, it would be more normal, at least for highborn girls, to have a few more years before being considered women. Maybe I'm mistaken about that, but I think I picked up that 15-17 was more usual.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 21 April 2011 - 08:45 PM.
538	CuseGirl	2011-04-21	Girls seem to reach puberty around 12-14, which is pretty similar to modern teenagers. It seems that the attitude was that girls could be married as soon as they went through puberty, but in Westeros, it would be more normal, at least for highborn girls, to have a few more years before being considered women. Maybe I'm mistaken about that, but I think I picked up that 15-17 was more usual.I get that. I just meant in regards to Emilia Clarke appearing too old to play Dany, who is supposed to be 14 in the book, it would be in poor taste for HBO to actually have even a 16 year old play that character on screen. Also, our concept of time may not be the same in the story, so Dany's 14 could be our 18, for all we kno....ugh, seeing these previews makes me want to read the book all over again cuz I kno I missed things....
539	TerraPrime	2011-04-21	so Dany's 14 could be our 18, for all we kno...I don't think this explanation works, as we've had no indications from other characters and events that time passes differently in Westeros. They have odd lengths for season, but time passes at the same rate as our world as far as we know.
540	Whitering	2011-04-22	There were a few things that stood out for me. Let's start with the Starks.
1) Theon doesn't come across as being as big of an asshole as in the books. I hated him from the moment they found the direwolves, but in the show he was barely noticeable.
2) I may be mistaken but was the brothel in which the Tyrion and Jaime scene took place in Winterfell? Because that doesn't seem right to me at all.
3) Arya came across wonderfully, but ya, Ned and Cat would not smile at her behaviour.
4) I don't think Cat looks older than Ned but she is no great beauty either. There is a problem with aging them up. But if you want Sean Bean, I guess it had to happen. I don't think she's pretty enough for Littlefinger to go after.
As to Dany
1) Her brother is not as mean, but then nobody can sympathize with a sociopath, so I guess that's okay.
2) Her wedding was all fucked up. No fantastic ride of Silver, thus no bonding with the Dothraki.
3) No tender moment with Drogo made her wedding night massively uncomfortable for a huge number of people. That's on top of the fact that it wasn't exactly made clear by the show that Dany was well resigned to the fact she had to have sex that night, even if she was scared. I don't know, it did not sit well with me.
Overall, I enjoyed the show, even though the book was way better. As an avid reader, I already visualize the books as I read them, so the show is redundant and a bit disturbing. But they got Arya and Tyrion right so I will keep watching. 1 minute of Dany riding Silver with breathless excitement would have made the show for me, alas, nothing is perfect, well, outside of the books themselves.
541	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-22	Girls seem to reach puberty around 12-14, which is pretty similar to modern teenagers. It seems that the attitude was that girls could be married as soon as they went through puberty, but in Westeros, it would be more normal, at least for highborn girls, to have a few more years before being considered women. Maybe I'm mistaken about that, but I think I picked up that 15-17 was more usual. I may be wrong but I don't think it matter whether you are highborn or not as too what age you are married at. In ACOK i remember Sansa having her period and it meant that she was ready for marriage.  so it's got more to do with  when you hit puperty then your age.
542	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-22	Yeah, it's occurred to me that we will probably get a more and more haggard Cat until the assassination attempt, at which point they may change the look a bit for the trip to the Capitol. A think a bigger problem that I have is that Cat always seemed like she would be really regal in demeanor to me, and that's not really how the actress acts or holds herself on the show so far. It's not that I think she should be prettier or anything, as I think the actress is very pretty as far as that goes, I just think should look more imposing and noble, and less like a very attractive hard-worked farm wife.
I just can't see the scene with her and Jaime in the dungeon either.
Just watched the last scene again, and the delivery of the line seems overly quick but what bothers me the most is that Jaime just gives Bran a sort of casual shove as he's turning around, where as I always thought he grabbed his shirt or something and pitched him out the window a little more forcefully. 
Also, were Jaime and Cersei really getting it on in some kind of storage attic or something? I thought they were supposed to be in someone's rooms?
					
					
							Edited by Raids, 22 April 2011 - 08:46 AM.
543	GoTreviews	2011-04-22	Just watched the last scene again, and the delivery of the line seems overly quick but what bothers me the most is that Jaime just gives Bran a sort of casual shove as he's turning around, where as I always thought he grabbed his shirt or something and pitched him out the window a little more forcefully.I can only agree here, it's done quickly. But for me it worked like a charm. NCW (Or is it NWC?..) sort of adressed this issue in an interview. He said he really wanted to push the hatable sides of his characters in the beginning of the series. And to see him do such an act, with such casual behavior... man, my jaw just dropped. And the way he says "the things"... it's amazingly strong: "yeah, pushing a 10 years old to his death, nothing special going on here, let's get back to it Sis!"I really enjoyed it actually. While, as readers, we can't enjoy the surprises built for the viewers (omygod is f-ing someone... hey... wait... is that HIS SISTER?!?) they are some twists that makes the show really interesting to watch. I think everyone who's waiting for ADWD kind of likes Jaime by now... Seeing him doing this, so casually... it gives us a shot at hating him again. Just like we're supposed to /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />As for the attic or room / push or shove thing, I'm not sure it really matters.They are some profound changes in the series, and I don't think those raise any issue. I mean, him pushing Bran more forcefully wouldn't have made much of change there, would it ?
544	Guest_Raids_*	2011-04-22	I guess it just was not shocking for me in the way that I wanted it to be, but maybe nothing would fix that having already read the books.
545	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-22	Just watched the last scene again, and the delivery of the line seems overly quick but what bothers me the most is that Jaime just gives Bran a sort of casual shove as he's turning around, where as I always thought he grabbed his shirt or something and pitched him out the window a little more forcefully.I'm at work so I don't have my copy of AGOT in front of me, but my impression was that it was more of a casual shove, as befitted Jaime's devil-may-care, almost lackadaisical nature.  As such I thought it was one of the more accurate depictions in the episode.Also, were Jaime and Cersei really getting it on in some kind of storage attic or something? I thought they were supposed to be in someone's rooms?No, the tower they were in was supposed to be abandoned and in a state of disuse; it was called the Old Tower or something like that in the book.  The book also described it as one of Bran's favorite climbing spots.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 22 April 2011 - 09:52 AM.
546	GoTreviews	2011-04-22	I'm at work so I don't have my copy of AGOT in front of me, but my impression was that it was more of a casual shove, as befitted Jaime's devil-may-care, almost lackadaisical nature. As such I thought it was one of the more accurate depictions in the episode.Yeah. I had the same overall feeling : "The man looked over at the woman. "The things I do for love," he said with loathing. He gave Bran a shove."The description of the act really enforces the idea of something casual, simple. While I do agree that most readers will find strange that the "loathing" really isn't there, I think the movement itself was done in a rather accurate way.
547	Eponine	2011-04-22	I may be wrong but I don't think it matter whether you are highborn or not as too what age you are married at. In ACOK i remember Sansa having her period and it meant that she was ready for marriage.  so it's got more to do with  when you hit puperty then your age.But Sansa was quickly forced into marriage and not by her own family. When the betrothal is made to Joffrey initially, the attitude seems to be that the marriage would be several years in the future, not as soon as Sansa is physically capable. Lyanna was 16 and unmarried, Cersei was probably 17 when she married Robert (Jaime was 15 when he joined the KG), Lord Frey has several daughters who are past puberty but not yet married, Margaery was 15 or 16 when she married Renly, the Citidel FAQ says that Cat was 17 or 18 when Littlefinger challenged Brandon ... Anyway, there are several accounts of girls being married in their mid-teens, but (almost?) the only examples in the books of girls being married at 12-13 are where they are being rushed or forced into it.
548	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-22	Anyway, there are several accounts of girls being married in their mid-teens, but (almost?) the only examples in the books of girls being married at 12-13 are where they are being rushed or forced into it.I think this is how it goes. The more stressed and threatened the noble families feel, the younger they tend to marry off their children. This makes sense, from their point of view. In desperate times, bonds between noble families need to be strong, and marriage is the easiest way to create bonds. Thus, little Tommen gets married to a girl twice his age, to cement the vital alliance between their two families. This wouldn't have happened in happier times. Marrying children too young to have children of their own, or girls barely old enough to bear children (with all the health risks that involves) seems to be something the noble houses generally avoid, without absolutely pressing reasons to do so. Since the war is causing increasing amounts of pressing reasons, there is a lot more of it than usual.
549	Callie	2011-04-22	I agree that the book is better, but they nearly always are.  I really enjoyed the show, however, with a two major compaints, and a few minor quibbles.
My first disappointment was in the wedding night scene with Dany and Drogo.  In the book, it turned into something tender and not a rather cold-seeming rape that we saw in the show.  I think this is a mistake, as Drogo made Danny love him that night, and without that love, her decisions and future would be different.  I'm hoping that we see something better from this scene in the next episode, or at least some kind of patch that we will then understand her loving him.
The second thing was the handling of Arya, who is a favorite of mine.  In the book, she was NOT a showoff (the archery scene in the show) or a brat (flinging food at Sansa in the show).  Instead of showing her frustration at her own unsuitability to be a lady (because she's really such a tom-boy), like with her poor needlework, they chose to make her naughty.  Yes, she's headstrong in both, and the actress is fine in the role.  Also, in the third book there is a scene where she wishes she had a bow and the skill to use it.  A minor detail, maybe, but I just read it and it stood out to me.  I'm hoping we see more of the conflict and frustration she feels at her position.  Also, without the needlework scene, her naming the sword Needle has less significance.
As for quibbles, they're pretty minor.  People here have been talking about the women's hair being done or up or not.  It's a fantasy, who's to say but the author how the women wear there hair?  My trouble isn't with the style, it's with the lack of it on Jaime and a few others.  Not only that, but the color isn't nearly the golden blond I expected.  Jaime and Cersei (and their children) were supposed to have long wavy golden hair.  And where's Tyrion's beard?
The direwolf scene change was annoying, because it was so different without any reasonable reason I could see.  I understand about budgetary reasons for the lack of horses, the lack of great grass plains.  But the whorehouse scene with Tyrion was unnecessary.  Oh, and the white walkers seemed anything but white to me.  What was up with that?
But overall, I loved it, and am really looking forward to the next episode.
550	Bronn Stone	2011-04-22	The second thing was the handling of Arya, who is a favorite of mine.  In the book, she was NOT a showoff (the archery scene in the show) or a brat (flinging food at Sansa in the show).  "You have juice on your face, Your Grace"
551	AutomatedTeller	2011-04-22	Cersei just seems creepy at this part of the book.  She doesn't become full-blown psycho for awhile.
552	fitheach	2011-04-22	I just can't see the scene with her and Jaime in the dungeon either.Well, as we all know- Jaime has peculiar tastes. Didn't he get a little happy seeing a naked Brienne (of the big bush) in the baths scene? Jaime is one messed up dude sexually, he's only been with his sister...As for Cat... Many are saying she's too old looking, etc... We asked for gritty realism on this show- we got it! Today, when I mentioned to my husband (who hasn't read the novels but watched the show with me, so doesn't have a pre-conceived idea of Cat) that some folks where saying she's old/haggard looking (older looking than Sean Bean), he thought that this is a silly thing to think, he said "she looks probably the way an aristocratic woman would look after having 5 kids in the middle ages, what do they expect? Botox?"- (his exact words on 3rd Avenue and 13th Street)... He also thought she was attractive and that during the scene in the kitchen with Master Luwin (talking about candles and Tyrion) she had a nicely slender body. Personally, I think she matches Ned well.In the end, I think they chose Michelle Fairley because she has the acting chops to go the Cat distance... And most of us know what that means.Edit: I also think HBO wanted to hire a certain amount of Northern Irish actors.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 23 April 2011 - 11:26 AM.
553	Sensuki Dorjan	2011-04-23	Why am I not surprised in the least that a fellow Agalloch fan likes this book series /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Sensuki Dorjan, 23 April 2011 - 05:58 AM.
554	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-23	Why am I not surprised in the least that a fellow Agalloch fan likes this book series /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />About time someone caught the reference!   /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
555	Humble Asskicker	2011-04-23	There's some things the book does better, and some things that the show does better. Some things work both ways but are different.
The show is better in these respects:
- The prologue. Far superior in the show. The book was kind of lame about it. It was a cheesy horror scene with some sword play thrown in. Not scary. Not eerie. Made the Others come off as kind of banal.
In the show, it was intense. It opened up with a fantastically somber, beautiful shot of the Wall and the forest. The dismembered bodies were visually remarkable - particularly the symbolic arrangement - more so than just some dudes laying around. The wildling child was creepy as hell. And the Others were distant figures, hardly on screen at all, which made them far more intriguing and menacing.
I realize people are complaining that it doesn't make sense that the Others would dismembered their wights, or they would let one of the Night's Watch rush off after taunting him, but this are silly complaints. No one knows anything about the Others at this point. The show may in retrospect make more sense than the book. We don't know.
- The beheading. I like the guy's speech. It made him more sympathetic.
- Viserys. Rather annoying and simplistically villainous in the book. Far better done in the show.
- The characters being aged up. It's just more believable.
- Dany's rape. In the book this is pretty ridiculous. Some thirteen year old girl who is sold off to those she considers barbarians, after witnessing all manner of violence and rape, is not going to get turned on because her husband bothers to do a little foreplay first. That just wouldn't happen. I think the show is more true to the human character.
- The head kick. When Theon kicks the head, Eddard should have bitched slapped him in the books. It seems strange and out of character that he let that pass. It's better to do without it.
- Cersei. Opinions may differ here, but I prefer watching a character that's not a stereotype evil stepmother, and a stupid one at that. The show Cersei is more interesting.
Things the show definitely did worse:
-The Dothraki wedding. Dothraki warriors frolicking about in merry dance and battling over who gets to dry hump whom just didn't do it for me. High cheese factor here.
					
					
							Edited by Humble Asskicker, 23 April 2011 - 12:51 PM.
556	Daenerys	2011-04-23	Pretty good defense of the show choices, Humble Asskicker. I mostly agree with those except I did think the book prologue was eerie and prefered it to the tv version. I also really think the tv show didn't suitably emphasize the importance of the direwolves and their connection to the Stark children (we don't even see Arya or Sansa receiving theirs). Maybe it will, but with 
	Spoiler Lady already likely getting offed in the next episode, and Nymeria being chased away
, it doesn't seem like there would be enough time.
But yeah, I did think the tv show did some things right. I agree that Dany's "rape", which not accurate to the books, is probably more realistic, although I do think omitting her important ride on the horse was a mistake. There's a lot of criticism of the crypt scene between Ned and Robert, but I loved that scene in the show, it was perfect and memorable for me. Loved the addition of Arya shooting the arrow and sneaking off in a helmet to watch the Lannisters enter Winterfell, and I liked the forshadowing of Dany walking slowly into the "too hot" bath.
557	tuthmoses	2011-04-24	MC, I agree with your assessment that the pace seemed off. I mean, to us, the readers of the novel, a lot of the exposition was just that. However, I totally saw something different in the tower scene. The way Jaime delivered the line, as flippant, and casual, and matter of fact, was more chilling than the book's version, where he said it with loathing. I'm rewatching the scene now, and Cersei is frantic, saying "He saw us he saw us!!!" Jaime replies (with a bit of loathing), "I heard you the first time." Then you see his resolve. He knows what he has to do. He's got to act, to protect his family, their secret. I thought it was a great delivery. (If you can't tell.)agree with this thought the line was delivered very well - and to the op of course its not as good as the book the book is one of the greatest things ever written. But it is still very good and beats the hell out of anything else on TV and infact I would go so far as to say in some areas such as the prologue it is better than the book.
					
					
							Edited by tuthmoses, 24 April 2011 - 01:36 PM.
558	GoTreviews	2011-04-24	I should have gone for the "latereviews" name instead... http://gotreviews.fr...for-the-screen/A bit more about how I felt about the changes we talked about here... as you'll see, I think the OP was spot on with his title:... or was the story just not fully realized?It's a pilot after all, that's what it's here for /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Enjoy your ep02 everyone!
559	Fippy Darkpaw	2011-04-26	Book was better, what a surprise. In other news, the sun rose in the east and set in the west today.
Yeah it isn't as good as the books, but as far as TV goes, what TV show is better than what we've seen of Game of Thrones? My list of "Best TV shows of all time" would probably include Rome, Deadwood, NipTuck, Firefly, and a few others. So far Game of Thrones is on par or better than any of those. TV doesn't get much better this.
Regarding "aging up the characters": it is because kid actors are, for the most part, a kiss of death to any serious film or tv show (yes, there are a few exceptions). That was one of my big fears about the show, because the first book had a lot of kid scenes. Praise Allah that HBO played down their parts and/or aged them up.
					
					
							Edited by Fippy Darkpaw, 26 April 2011 - 08:58 PM.
560	rigochu	2011-04-27	I would have liked to have had the prologue be more like the books! Basically Ser Waymar Royce being kind of a douche in the begining of the prologue and then showing some redeeming qualities right before he gets hacked to death by the Others is kind of foreshadowing for the rest of the entire series! I know this show will probably have time constraint issues, but they went in a diff. direction entirely. Besides the pacing issues, this was my biggest qualm.
561	red snow	2011-04-29	Just caught up on the show (I was on holiday) and I was quite pleased with it. Some of the cast are instantly standing out for me; Arya, Theon, Viserys [almost wish they had cast the actor as someone else as he's great] and of course Tyrion. I thought Jason Momoa was being underused but hopefully that's intentional so that we can see that he is not as bad as he initially seems (the tv show is making him far leass sympathetic already).
I was worried though that people who haven't read the books may be confused though (something I found happening in later installments of the potter films). I may not notice as i can fill in the gaps with the books. As a control (ever the scientist) I asked my brother, who has never read the books what he thought. Two episodes in and he thinks it's good "a bit like Rome" and that "the dwarf is good". Seems like the show is doing things right in that respect.
My major grumble is with the intro which is excellent aside from the clockwork building of cities. I find that really irksome as to me it screams steampunk which is nothing at all like the technology present in westeros. I think this would confuse even non-fantasy readers as well.
562	Talan Snow	2011-05-18	but, once again. perhaps i just expected too much?Yes, you were expecting too much.  It's a miniseries of a VERY involved (and great) book.  It has to be judged on it's own merits.  If you can't do that, best to just not watch it I guess!
563	Rakka	2011-07-08	If they prolong one thing, they will basically have to cut something out entirely. The reason things are shorter is because they have so little time.And apparently titties were more important than plot... I mean, I like breasts as much as the next lesbian, but hello? There's like 10 minutes of graituitious boobitude that does nothing to give the viewer background information or move the plot. It's like the producers are saying "we swear it's a good show, just look at all the naked girls!"Me no like. Other than that, it was pretty OK. The one thing that stood off as odd was having the wedding at seashore. It's not like it's not mentioned some three times per book that Dothraki mistrust the sea... it's like they had this stormy shore and were just racking their brains to have something cool happen there so that they could use it as a backdrop.
					
					
							Edited by Rakka, 08 July 2011 - 12:27 AM.
564	Arourie	2011-07-28	lol There is NO comparing a TV series to The books.  the TV showing will ALways fall short. Our fav writers can put a book out there of nearly 1k pages and we salivate and eagerly tell the world to go away. The TV producer looks at that 1k pages and goes OMG I need to translate this to the screen???. I watch to see how well or fail they actually do. so far not too bad.
565	ladyriverrun	2011-07-29	There might have been a few things that were missing when you compare the tv series with the books. Then again, there's no way everything written in a book can also be shown on screen. Think of budget and such. 
For what I've seen, (note, I've read the book after watching season 1 of GOT n tv) I think the writers and editors did a good job.
566	Jeff_God_Of_Biscuits	2011-09-06	I don't go into any literary adaptation expecting it to exceed the original, it can only lead to disappointment.   Any show that even attempted to pack the level of detail and backstory into it's narrative would be doomed before it starts.  
In my case, it was good enough to convince me to pause at episode 2, buy and finish the book before watching the rest- and I'm still enjoying both.  Job done I reckon.
					
					
							Edited by Jeff_God_Of_Biscuits, 07 September 2011 - 09:57 PM.
567	lyvyathan	2011-10-17	MC, I agree with your assessment that the pace seemed off. I mean, to us, the readers of the novel, a lot of the exposition was just that.However, I totally saw something different in the tower scene. The way Jaime delivered the line, as flippant, and casual, and matter of fact, was more chilling than the book's version, where he said it with loathing.I'm rewatching the scene now, and Cersei is frantic, saying "He saw us he saw us!!!" Jaime replies (with a bit of loathing), "I heard you the first time." Then you see his resolve. He knows what he has to do. He's got to act, to protect his family, their secret.I thought it was a great delivery. (If you can't tell.)I thought it was pure Jamie. Rash, callous, impetus and totally devoid of humanity?
568	DebMc	2011-10-19	I read AGoT after seeing the series - and still found the book fascinating. I went on to read the other four books - can't wait fot the 6th.
569	nubreed000	2011-10-23	You can't really compare 2 different mediums like this. Both are top quality in their own right, and the producers did a phenomenal job of bringing the book to the TV screen, where they're limited by time/# episodes. The slight changes from book -> TV were great too.
570	Warlock Vetolgar	2011-10-24	First time I read the book, I actually lost interest around the time Robb was calling the banners. I don't know if the book wasn't fulfilling ym expectations or if I just had too much on my mind, I can't figure it out. But I quit reading and I didn't give the book a second chance until next year. I had a similar reaction to the HBO adaptation. It started strong, interest waned by episode 6, and I quit watching, only to pick up the series again afew months later. I imagine my particular case is one of reconciling expectations with reality, but I can't say if it applies to everyone else.
Going back to this thread's original topic, I don't believe the book was better. It offers a more immersive experience, there's more story to tell, we get to spend more time with the characters, get to know them more intimately, which is everything a good book should offer. Considering the constraints imposed on a TV series, I think Game of Thrones did en excellent job of telling the essence of the story at an acceptable pace without leaving any important stuff behind. If I were to choose which one I like best, it'd be the book, but that doesn't mean I believe it is inherently better than the TV shows, just that it is more accomodating to my taste.
571	knightsking	2012-01-10	Liked it overall, only gripe would be Jamie used his left hand in the scene with bran. In the book he used his right to kill the king and toss bran down, all his evil deeds was done with his right hand and he reflects on them later in the series.
572	Second Son	2012-01-17	I agree completely with the original post in this thread. I've got some thoughts regarding the series, and this seems to be the right thread for them.
The television adaptation is destined to be a pale imitation of the majestic story us readers know very well. For that reason I've boycotted the tv show and not seen a single episode. I've been disappointed too many times by movies. In a selfish sort of way, I wish GRRM had refused HBO's offer. On on the one hand it's good that many of my friends are finally reading A Song of Ice and Fire (only because of the hype generated by tv). I've been telling them about this sage for nearly 15 years, and now I can finally talk to someone else at work about the adventures of these complex characters. (Also, I can say, "I told you so.") Hopefully, the increased interest in the story will stimulate the author to do his very best in finishing the work to the best of his abilities. Furthermore, who can blame GRRM for cashing in on all the creative work he has done? He must have known his story beats the pants off of Harry Potter. Why not make a lot more money with sales stimulated through HBO. Even if the tv series is terminated before telling the full story, it will have some redeeming aspects.
But on the other hand, I think there are serious disadvantages to the tv series. I don't see how one can adequately tell the back story (which becomes more and more important as the series advances, especially as it motivates the actions of many characters). To the reader, the unfolding real time story and the back-story of Robert's Rebellion can both be imagined with equal vividness. However, viewers of the tv series will be robbed of the back story. Characters can reminisce or have flashbacks, but those will fall short in communicating the story. For this reason, I think many viewers will judge the story too harshly. Finally, I don't think a lot of people will watch a story to which they already know the ending. The non-invested fans will leave the tv series because it is too heartbreaking or too complicated, while the invested fans will know exactly what is going to happen in each episode. Unfortunately, I think the fervor around the tv series will fade soon after the second season.
573	HyacinthGirl	2012-01-18	You can't really compare 2 different mediums like this. Both are top quality in their own right, and the producers did a phenomenal job of bringing the book to the TV screen, where they're limited by time/# episodes. The slight changes from book -> TV were great too. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />It's my favourite book series and my favourite TV show. As it happens, I prefer reading to watching TV, but the TV series is as good as shows get, IMO.
					
					
							Edited by HyacinthGirl, 18 January 2012 - 05:43 AM.
574	K1NGSLAYER	2012-01-26	I watched the first few episodes before I started reading the book and, while I think the book is better, I really like the show, I think it is a great job of bringing the book to life. I think it is one of the best tv shows out there.
575	ChrisJM89	2012-01-26	I watched the first episode and had read none of the books and unlike the OP when Jaime pushed Bran off of the tower my jaw dropped, I was shocked utterly! I was livid at the Kingslayer and wanted to watch the next episode immediately. I ordered the books after it.
Of course the books are 'better' in that they have more details, the backstory is written down for you to see as are the emotions of the people we are imagining.
My thoughts probably would have been different if I'd read the books first. Of a certainty though for those that hadn't read the books until then and saw the first episode many were hooked.
The adaptation is very well done in many ways but of course it's not perfect. Besides if HBO doesn't do all the books then we can still finish the saga off with them!
576	arne saknussen	2012-05-16	Yep, the book is better; that's almost always the case for adaptations.  I think it's pointless to directly compare the different media.Personally I prefer to gauge the show against other TV shows.  And it's one of the best shows I've seen.And there you go, the best, most accurate reply.
577	DornishHighlander	2011-09-10	I'm not sure if this has been discussed and I apologise if it has been. What is the importance of the runic shape that Will finds the Wildling bodies in. Does this have anything to do reanimation?
The way it is described in the book and the show it's too deliberate to be how they fell down.
Any thoughts?
578	_Oberyn_	2011-09-10	Maybe they are like marks of the damned.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 10 September 2011 - 10:09 AM.
579	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-09-11	I don't remember what you are talking about, would have to re-watch or reread that part, but they could be from the Children of the Forest
580	Leuf	2011-09-11	Spoilers for the end of season 1
	Spoiler  Someone else long ago pointed out that the shape is very similar to the shape of Drogo's funeral pyre 

					
					
							Edited by Leuf, 11 September 2011 - 09:37 PM.
581	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-18	Carry on the discussion of EP101. Please remember to be polite and to keep it classy. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />ETA by Kat: If you have comments specifically on Dany/Drogo, there's a topic for it here. Spoilers for book & TV.
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 18 April 2011 - 03:20 PM.
582	Eponine	2011-04-18	Did anyone else not like how HD and overfocused the settings were? I thought that it made the scenes look somewhat staged.
583	BryceC	2011-04-18	This is my first post here and if I come off as a flamer I apologize.  I have read all of the books several times and I do truly enjoy the universe GRRM created and I eagerly await the conclusion of the series.
That said, I am a little surprised at the high praise of the show.  I watched it yesterday since we got a free weekend of HBO as a DirecTV subscriber.  Honestly I have very little desire to watch the rest of the season.  I checked how much time was left on the DVR recording probably five times because it was borderline boring for me.  Granted I knew the story but like others have said I would be completely confused by it if I had never read the books.  Also, it just lacked the polish of a show like Rome, I felt like they wasted some time that would have been better used on character development, etc.  I couldn't honestly tell Jon, Robb, and Theon apart.  It just didn't suck me in, and as somebody who is thirsty for any Ice and Fire stuff I thought I would drink this right up but I just couldn't get into it.  They did a lot of things very well.  I just don't see how they are going to cram book one into 10 episodes and have it be anyting close to satisfying for me.  One good thing about being an individual actor on this show, you really don't have a lot of lines to remember.
					
					
							Edited by BryceC, 18 April 2011 - 03:21 PM.
584	wolverine	2011-04-18	My wife has not read the books and was watching the show after I already did.  I was reading at the time, she was sleeping before.  Anyhow it seemed like I would have to explain a lot for her to know what was going on in the show.  But maybe I just like to over explain things and someone who has not read the book would be fine without any explanations.
585	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	Did anyone else not like how HD and overfocused the settings were? I thought that it made the scenes look somewhat staged.I'm not very familiar with camera techniques or overlay or anything, but I did think a few of the scenes looked a bit... sound-stagey.In particular the forest scene where they found the direwolf pups.
586	TerraPrime	2011-04-18	They did a lot of things very well.  I just don't see how they are going to cram book one into 10 episodes and have it be anyting close to satisfying for me.  The show isn't going to appeal to everyone, or even to every fan. *shrugs*No doubt you'll find something else worthwhile to occupy your free time! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
587	Xenophon	2011-04-18	Did anyone else not like how HD and overfocused the settings were? I thought that it made the scenes look somewhat staged.The only place where it really bothered me was in the Godswood.  But my wife did say she thought everything looked somehow too modern--perhaps she was picking up on this.
588	Kat	2011-04-18	I'm not very familiar with camera techniques or overlay or anything, but I did think a few of the scenes looked a bit... sound-stagey.In particular the forest scene where they found the direwolf pups.Weren't there leaked photos a long time ago showing the dead direwolf'c corpse taken in an actual park? I think this scene was actually shot outdoors, regardless of whether or not it looked like a stage.On set thing I was confused about was Jon Arryn's funeral- was that room the throne room, or the Sept of Baelor? IIRC from the 'Making of' those columns with the vines around them were in the throne room, but I can't quite recall.
589	Trebla	2011-04-18	On set thing I was confused about was Jon Arryn's funeral- was that room the throne room, or the Sept of Baelor? IIRC from the 'Making of' those columns with the vines around them were in the throne room, but I can't quite recall.It was the throne room. You can just see the Iron Throne over Jon Arryn's body. I was a little surprised it wasn't in a sept but I think it was done thematic purposes.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 18 April 2011 - 03:33 PM.
590	All-for-Joffrey	2011-04-18	Regarding the show being accessible to non-readers of the series, I watched it with two friends, one who has read the books and one who hasn't. The one who hasn't was interested, naturally he didn't think it was the greatest program on earth like we did but he did say he would be interested in watching it weekly. I think this is pretty reasonable. When ever you start watching a new show (particularly a costume genre), you don't go into it with a complete idea of what's going on or even what the show is completely about or who all the characters are you. After a few episodes you start to catch on and then if you get into it everything starts falling into place. For example, I've started watching The Borgias and I'm still not clear on all the characters' names besides the main few and I have no in-depth background about the papacy or the Italian Renaissance but I'm still planning on watching it every week and expect to become more familiar with the characters/what's going on. I think this is a pretty reasonable expectation for people who have just been introduced to GOT. You can't expect everyone to get hooked just by a single episode. The only show that I think has ever come close to doing that is the pilot of Lost.
					
					
							Edited by All-for-Joffrey, 18 April 2011 - 03:34 PM.
591	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	On set thing I was confused about was Jon Arryn's funeral- was that room the throne room, or the Sept of Baelor? IIRC from the 'Making of' those columns with the vines around them were in the throne room, but I can't quite recall.The first long shot with the silent sisters milling about you can see the Iron Throne in re background, and the stained glass window above it. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
592	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	That said, I am a little surprised at the high praise of the show.  I watched it yesterday since we got a free weekend of HBO as a DirecTV subscriber.  Honestly I have very little desire to watch the rest of the season.  You can join me at my barricade: I'm not madly in love with it either. That said, I found it impossible to seperate from the books. I'm just too immersed in them, and have been talking about them too much for too long. I have absoloutely no idea what the experience is for someone who dosen't consider every nuance in everything from the portrayal of Cat or Drogo or Robert to the exact average northern summer temperature part of a complicated ongoing debate in which they hold considerable emotional stake  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. So I don't feel like its giving me anything new, as such, and 'seeing the characters brought to life' is just not a need I have, apparently. They're alive enough on the page for me.   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I do think the production by and large looks wonderful though and that much of the acting is compelling, especially some characters that are a bit marginal at this point in the books, like Viserys or Arya. And I enjoyed the shirtless bathhouse scene probably more than was strictly necessitated by the demands of characterization. But other things felt off or a bit hokey. I look at it mostly as a vastly expensive piece of fanart, at the end of the day.
593	Kat	2011-04-18	The first long shot with the silent sisters milling about you can see the Iron Throne in re background, and the stained glass window above it. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />That's what I thought. They also probably didn't want to build a huge set for a Sept when, IIRC, you only see the outside in this book?Otherwise I was going to comment that Jaime and Cersei really have a thing for plotting and fucking in the high sept.
594	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-18	Overall I was very satisfied with the episode.  It met my expectations in almost every regard and exceeded them in others.  I'll try not to rehash everything said in this thread and the one prior.What I liked:- The Stark kids.  Exceptionally strong casting.  Very impressive that the actors who play Bran, Arya and Jon are already scene stealers.  They'll need those acting chops given what's in store for their characters.- Tyrion & Jaime's bantering in the whorehouse.  Sure the scene was over the top, but it perfectly established the casual dynamic between the brothers. - Most of the effects, particularly the wide shots of King's Landing (magnificent) and the Wall.- The Godswood scene with Ned & Cat.  Quiet, effective and beautifully done.- Viserys.  Contrary to what some have said about him not seeming evil enough, I thought he came across just fine in that regard.  I was glad they left in the "all 40,000 of them and their horses" line - that fairly cements who he is and what he's about, nipple twisting or no.     What I didn't like:- The Direwolf discovery scene.  For whatever reason it seemed out of sorts with the rest of the episode.  Amateurish lighting and some of the dialogue was hard to make out on the first pass.  Also I found it odd that the Stag and Direwolf had been dead long enough for maggots to be seen crawling from their corpses, inferring they'd been lying there for days.  Did the party take an alternate route back to Winterfell after the beheading? - Dany & Drogo's wedding, for reasons already discussed in this thread.  That said, I did enjoy Ser Jorah's brief appearance and look forward to more of his interactions with Dany.- Illyrio.  I generally like the actor who plays him (he was great in V for Vendetta) but he's nothing like I imagined Illyrio, and he seemed kind of bored when delivering his lines.  Also, I expected Illyrio to have an exotic accent, rather than sounding exactly like everyone else.     What I was indifferent on:- the Prologue.  Just, meh.  It could have been a lot better, but I didn't hate it.- Dany & Drogo on the beach.  Didn't play out like I'd have preferred, but I suppose the necessary message was conveyed.What blew me away:- Mark Addy.  Holy shit...the man IS Robert.  Fantastic performance and I can't wait to see more.- The "things I do for love" scene.  One of the most memorable scenes in modern literature (yeah I said it) pitch perfect to how I had envisioned it.  Yeah they were fucking doggie style, so what - that made it even more shocking to the audience.  Powerful and effective.- The music.  Obviously a matter of opinion (i.e., some people didn't like it at all).  The main theme is rousing and atmospheric without being over the top.  The bit at the end as Bran made his climb was very well done.  But what really got me was the bombastic piece that accompanied Robert's entourage into Winterfell.  Wow!  That got the juices flowing. - The opening titles.  Put me firmly on the side that found the credits brilliantly executed and fascinating to watch.   I was mesmerized.Overall I give the episode a solid B+, with confidence that the best the series has to offer is still to come.
595	Eponine	2011-04-18	Weren't there leaked photos a long time ago showing the dead direwolf'c corpse taken in an actual park? I think this scene was actually shot outdoors, regardless of whether or not it looked like a stage.Clarification, I didn't mean that I think everything looked fake. Rather, the backgrounds were very very sharp and focused - I mentioned in the previous thread that when Dany, Viserys and Illyrio are walking in the garden, the bush to the left is as much in focus as the actors. It makes it hard for me to forget that I'm watching a production, instead of being completely immersed in the show. I think a lot of the excitement about the show for me is the opportunity to watch and discuss it with other people. I've always enjoyed dissecting the details, and it's like a chance to do it all over again but with everything fresh and new. I was watching with the Denver BWB and we talked about all the details for another hour after it was over, while it played again in the background - that wouldn't have been the same at all if I hadn't read the books in advance, and I'm sure it would have been a lot less fun sitting at home by myself with no idea what was going on.
596	Alcarin	2011-04-18	Ok i watched the Show twice just aired in my country and here is my short review of goods and bads.
Hmmmm they said to always say good things first well ill go with bad for a change:(its all my opinion)
Negative:
- Prologue (excluding the first few scenes and Ser Waymar Royce)
- Daenerys going to bath slowly for the sake of cleavage(it was yummy though, but still id prefer more story)
- I thought Dothraki were dry humping? Possibly wrong but i swear i saw it like that
- Id prefer more tension before Jaime throws down Bran (was cool somehow still cos it felt so casual)
Positive:
- The Wall and Ser Waymar Royce
- Intro Music and map with it(heared it changes in episodes adding other locations, sounds great)
- Most of introductions were done subtle and good. (the Jaime Lanninster one felt a little forced though /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
- Most of the actors did good job in nailing the book character behavior 
From me Show gets 9/10
I liked it and the 1 hour went past so fast i forgot to drink and eat stuff i prepared(literally) 
But i will be forever against this Prologue! It is allthough fitting the show, done bad(even if we exclude the ''gbeing faithful to novel'')
Hope the ratings surpass 2 millions. Rumors go that it was 1.6 on Sunday premiere, but will the final numbers include us who did not get to see Sunday evening premiere, since for example here in Europe it was 1 day later.
I hope they do and cannot wait for 2nd episode.
Cheers all
597	Kalbear	2011-04-18	One thing I'd like to remark on is how different it looks in HD vs not. The non-HD makes it look a bit soundstagey and...cheap. The HD version - you notice so much more. You notice the color of hair better, the sigils of the shields, the clothing and the attention to detail on the dirt, the maggots crawling on the corpse of the stag...it's just a huge deal. 
i was surprised - I"m a HD fanboy but I was astounded at the level of detail they had.
598	Eponine	2011-04-18	Also, anything that gets us all geeking out again is a huge success as far as I'm concerned.
599	BryceC	2011-04-18	But other things felt off or a bit hokey. I look at it mostly as a vastly expensive piece of fanart, at the end of the day.That's kinda how I look at it right now.  I'll watch the rest on Netflix when it comes out basically just to see what they do with the settings.  But as I said, I just feel like the show is just not that polished.  I also had pretty low expecations so it wasn't like I was setting myself up to be disappointed.  In fact it's pretty much exactly what I expected it to be.  I have no problem separating the show and the book, I honestly haven't read Game in a while because I wanted to reread everything quickly before Dance came out.  Turns out I've been waiting a while.I also wanted to comment on the whole noble savage discussion that was happening in the previous thread, I think the guy bothered by it needs to understand it's an alternate universe.  The dothroki being pastey and blond would make no sense considering the environment they live in.  That is as far as it should go.I'd love to hear his opinion on Han Solo and Chewy though.  Would you consider Han to be more of aristocratic plantation owner?  I'm leaning toward Han being more Huck Finn and Chewy being n-word Jim.
600	Kalbear	2011-04-18	One thing I really appreciated was this - the Michael Komarck art of Ned at the Godswood.Him at the Godswood was the single most striking image for me last night, and one of the reasons was that they, as far as I can tell, completely used Komarck's work as the inspiration for it. It was great seeing him polish the sword in this peaceful area, and I felt like I got more from Sean Bean on who Ned is right then than almost any other time.Plus it looked great.
601	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	Because I can't stop rewatching...
A number of people earlier commented on how the king's party only had Lannister banners when they rode in, and how it seemed out of place. Right after Arya jumps up on the cart, there's a shot of the riders coming right-to-left. The first two riders clearly have Baratheon banners. It goes by very quickly; there's a cut to the middle of the group and the camera then lingers on the Lannister banners before moving on to Joffrey and the Hound.
Beyond that, there's a few moments where the Baratheon banners are flapping in the background behind Ned and Robert, but they definitely seem under emphasized.
602	Kat	2011-04-18	Clarification, I didn't mean that I think everything looked fake. Rather, the backgrounds were very very sharp and focused - I mentioned in the previous thread that when Dany, Viserys and Illyrio are walking in the garden, the bush to the left is as much in focus as the actors. It makes it hard for me to forget that I'm watching a production, instead of being completely immersed in the show. Sorry, that was actually in response to the guy who said the direwolf scene looked sound-stagey.To be honest, I wasn't really paying attention to cinematography. Was watching on someone else's large HDTV, whereas I don't have an HDTV and will be watching subsequent episodes in standard definition on kind of a crappy TV. Hopefully in the future when the DVDs come out, I'll have something better to watch them on.
603	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Does anyone else think it will be harder to keep the characters as "grey" as the novels? Will the show be able to make fans root for other families besides the Starks? I root for the Starks, but I do have backups.
604	Maithanet	2011-04-18	I was surprised that HBO attempted to put as much as they did into episode 1.  I felt like the Prologue + Winterfell + Dany's marriage was a bit much.  I was pretty worried that if you didn't already know who these characters are that it would just feel like a mess.  I think it would have been easier to follow if they had stayed in Winterfell, and only expanded out to meet Dany in a later episode.  I suppose that it had valuable sex appeal, and it is certainly a key part of the story, but seeing as how Dany still hasn't made it across the sea four books later, I think we could potentially wait on her plotline for at least one episode.  
I think that doing so would allow more explanation of what's going on with Ned+Robert, a little more time introducing the main characters, and expanding a few key scenes.  Jon and Tyrion's talk at the feast and The Things I Do for Love were both good scenes, but lacked the punch they could have had if they were a bit longer.  
That said, the things I expected to be good, were good.  The acting is great, most of the details are correct, and overall it feels like a good start to what could be a very special story.
605	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-04-18	Did anyone else not like how HD and overfocused the settings were? I thought that it made the scenes look somewhat staged.Regarding Cersei and Bran's fate, I think she was counting on shutting him up for awhile, and hoping that if it came out later, the recollections of a 7 year old boy wouldn't be trusted enough to actually hurt them.  That would be more believable on screen, I think, if the actor playing Bran was 7 as he is in the books. Seven year olds are pretty easily scared/impressionable.   Obviously, the allegation is so huge in its implication that anyone repeating what Bran said to make it "an issue" would know they were making an enemy for life, which would be pretty dangerous.  Especially if the allegation was not believed and Cersei and the Lannisters had the backing of the throne.In a way, Cersei's logic on this isn't bad given that one person had already died to cover up this secret barely a month before.  Two deaths, back to back, relating to the Hand might lead folks to ask more questions, and certainly would convince the Starks to start digging.  Maybe just shrugging off what Bran had seen as being inaccurate -- if he ever did repeat it -- was the better course.
606	Alexia	2011-04-18	Overall, I enjoyed it.  I loved all the Stark children, Robert was hilarious and perfect, Viserys stepped off the page and came to life, etc.  That being said:
I didn't like the Others, at all.  They didn't look anything like how I envisioned them - and why are the white walkers black?  And I honestly liked that whole scene much better as portrayed in the books, with the duel and then Waymar's wight killing Will.  As it was, I was left wondering why they let Will go after beheading Gared in front of him.  And also (okay, nitpicky but what else am I here for?) I didn't understand why they beheaded Gared - a headless wight does not sound very useful.
I also didn't care for the Dothraki, or Dany and Drogo's wedding night. And why were Jon Arryn's eyes bugging out when he was laid out? 
Now, for the stuff I liked (which is most everything else).  I really liked the scene between Jaime and Cersei in KL, and the scene with Arya and Sansa embroidering.  Viserys may quickly become a favorite character on the show - there is something so maniacal and entertaining about his portrayal.  I loved it when the Dothraki rode off and he came running forward asking what went wrong!  I also appreciated the scene where Cersei admires Sansa's dress and says that she has to make her something - it really showcases how charming Cersei is to Sansa and why Sansa trusts her to a fault.
I did miss the practice session between Tommen and Bran, and the argument over live steel between Robb and Joffrey.  I would have liked to see the Baratheon children interact more with the Stark children.  
I'll watch it again later tonight because I know quite a few things slipped by me - overall, I like the books more but I will definitely enjoy the series too.
607	Axon	2011-04-18	You can join me at my barricade: I'm not madly in love with it either. That said, I found it impossible to seperate from the books. I'm just too immersed in them, and have been talking about them too much for too long. I have absoloutely no idea what the experience is for someone who dosen't consider every nuance in everything from the portrayal of Cat or Drogo or Robert to the exact average northern summer temperature part of a complicated ongoing debate in which they hold considerable emotional stake  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. So I don't feel like its giving me anything new, as such, and 'seeing the characters brought to life' is just not a need I have, apparently. They're alive enough on the page for me.   /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I do think the production by and large looks wonderful though and that much of the acting is compelling, especially some characters that are a bit marginal at this point in the books, like Viserys or Arya. And I enjoyed the shirtless bathhouse scene probably more than was strictly necessitated by the demands of characterization. But other things felt off or a bit hokey. I look at it mostly as a vastly expensive piece of fanart, at the end of the day.The translation to screen often leaves some disappointed.  I know what you mean.  While I definitely enjoyed the show, I never had a hunger for a television version of Ice and Fire. I'd be more pleased, actually, if the series suddenly went poof and the next three books dropped into my lap instantly. Baller!
608	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	And why were Jon Arryn's eyes bugging out when he was laid out?Those were painted stones placed over his eyes.
609	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Ned and Jaime's scene at the feast was good. Jaime cutting off Ned in his own hall, helped in the foreshadowing the Lannister and Stark feud. It wasn't in the books but I thought it fit well.
610	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	The first time I watched it I was a bit distracted by automatically seeing what I imagined from the book and there was some bit of comparison. I won't say much for that view because I was a terrible viewer that time (a viewer that isn't doing his best to be immersed has failed his part). The second time I viewed the episode, with a good deal of time between, it really came alive on another level because then I only saw what was there, no distracting mental images that no show can ever compare to. Perhaps I just got one of Syrio's lessons.
The acting is overall superb and I don't feel anyone is doing less than good. I was a bit worried about a few voices feeling that Dinklage overplayed his accent but after the first episode I can't agree with that. I think those few people got hung up on how he's chosen to portray his character, rather than truly being about the accent. Someone that I feel deserves praise, but hasn't quite gotten enough, is Sophie Turner as Sansa. I think she is just spot on with her character.
I think the scenery looked very good and it will only look better the more I get used to seeing it. Extremely high production values that pretty much made me forget I'm watching a TV series and not a high budget feature film.
All in all they've really done well with the extremely tough task of putting this on the screen, especially given how much story they have to fit into the first two episodes to set up for the rest. The sort of negative things I can think of are mainly of the nit-pick type and those sort of things aren't interesting, plus that they make me seem like I don't understand how hard making adaptations is, so I'll skip that.
611	Soylent Brown	2011-04-18	Wow, the title sequence is awesome!
Overall, I thought it was great. Every single character introduced so far seems to be very well cast, and the locations are all brilliant.
I thought the 'new' scene with Tyrion and the hookers worked really well - it helped clearly and concisely demonstrate Jaime's affection for his brother, and it remained true to the spirit of Tyrion.
Obviously there were more differences to the book, but I didn't come across anything too unpalatable. (As others have mentioned, the Drogo-Dany wedding night scene is a bit grim, but I can't really see any way around that without using up a few more minutes of screen time.)
Very impressed with the Godswood scene. And a little disappointed that we didn't get to see more of the heart tree.
612	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-18	Regarding the old kings in the crypt.
Book statues were customized to the likeness of each man, with his iron sword laid upon his lap. The oldest swords have rusted away, leaving just a stain on the old stone. I don't recall the kings having statue direwolves depicted with them in the crypt. Direwolves haven't even been south of the Wall in over 1000 years. (If I am wrong please correct me).
Show statues (we get a good look at two of them at 29:04) are holding spears, not swords, and have a direwolf at their sides. They also look identical, as if cast, instead of carved specifically for each man. They also look like they are in much better condition than the statue of Lyanna, despite being much older. This is very puzzling and perplexing to me.
The spears, especially, bother me, because I have long nurtured a theory about a future plot twist involving those old IRON swords (placed there to keep the ghosts bound to the crypt). After all, nobody carries iron weapons anymore, and they are, along with fire, the only things harmful to the Cold Baddies...and the crypt just happens to have a large cache of iron swords.
613	Kalbear	2011-04-18	Here's a question I don't remember from the books. Robert puts a feather on Lyanna's hand. Why? What is the significance?
614	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	Viserys may quickly become a favorite character on the show - there is something so maniacal and entertaining about his portrayal.  I loved it when the Dothraki rode off and he came running forward asking what went wrong!  Me too! I think Harry Lloyd managed to put in a lot of the vulnerability and pathetic-ness that you only sort of retroactively extrapolate on re-reads with Viserys, knowing how it ends. (while still being amazingly creepy and cruel.) I loved the the really casual way he said "Make him happy" in particular - nasty and threatening, but wry and almost begging at the same time.
615	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	Regarding the old kings in the crypt.Book statues were customized to the likeness of each man, with his iron sword laid upon his lap. The oldest swords have rusted away, leaving just a stain on the old stone. I don't recall the kings having statue direwolves depicted with them in the crypt. Direwolves haven't even been south of the Wall in over 1000 years. (If I am wrong please correct me).Show statues (we get a good look at two of them at 29:04) are holding spears, not swords, and have a direwolf at their sides.Book statues: "Their likenesses were carved into the stones that sealed the tombs. In long rows they sat, blind eyes staring out into eternal darkness, while great stone direwolves curled round their feet." You are correct as to iron swords laid upon laps, with the oldest ones rusted away.As for direwolves south of the wall, from Bran's first chapter:"Theon Greyjoy said, Â<U+0093>ThereÂ<U+0092>s not been a direwolf sighted south of the Wall in two hundred years.Â<U+0094>Â<U+0093>I see one now,Â<U+0094> Jon replied."
616	Killuncle	2011-04-18	Maybe I missed something but was the stark toddler in it?
It would have been nice if more of the characters were introduced, like theon etc.
I admired the shot of danny's arse.  The camera moved inches lower to let us have a good look.  Nice work.
617	Killuncle	2011-04-18	Also, was Winterfell shot at Doune castle?
618	Kalbear	2011-04-18	Maybe I missed something but was the stark toddler in it?Rickon's shown briefly in the scene with Bran practicing archery.
619	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Regarding the old kings in the crypt.Book statues were customized to the likeness of each man, with his iron sword laid upon his lap. The oldest swords have rusted away, leaving just a stain on the old stone. I don't recall the kings having statue direwolves depicted with them in the crypt. Direwolves haven't even been south of the Wall in over 1000 years. (If I am wrong please correct me).Show statues (we get a good look at two of them at 29:04) are holding spears, not swords, and have a direwolf at their sides. They also look identical, as if cast, instead of carved specifically for each man. They also look like they are in much better condition than the statue of Lyanna, despite being much older. This is very puzzling and perplexing to me.The spears, especially, bother me, because I have long nurtured a theory about a future plot twist involving those old IRON swords (placed there to keep the ghosts bound to the crypt). After all, nobody carries iron weapons anymore, and they are, along with fire, the only things harmful to the Cold Baddies...and the crypt just happens to have a large cache of iron swords.As the poster above said, there were statues of direwolves in the crypts.As for your theory, I doubt it. There's little difference between iron and steel and both are forged in a similar manner so one shouldn't be more linked to fire than the other. The Others are not spirits of the dead and we've already found something they are vulnerable to (obsidian) so I doubt the iron swords have any relevance. If they were to play a big part I also suspect GRRM would have brought it up.
620	Valmy	2011-04-18	Maybe I missed something but was the stark toddler in it?Yeah only he looked more like a six year old than a three year old.  You see him laughing at Bran when the Stark kids are introduced and I think he is present when the King rides in...but I wasn't looking for him so I could be wrong on that account.
621	Balefont	2011-04-18	Also, anything that gets us all geeking out again is a huge success as far as I'm concerned.This. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
622	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	Yeah only he looked more like a six year old than a three year old.  You see him laughing at Bran when the Stark kids are introduced and I think he is present when the King rides in...but I wasn't looking for him so I could be wrong on that account.Rickon was aged in the show from 3 to 6, Bran from 7 to 10, and so on with the other Stark children.
623	Valmy	2011-04-18	Rickon was aged in the show from 3 to 6, Bran from 7 to 10, and so on with the other Stark children.I know I was just making sure people knew the the little kid was Rickon and not to be looking for a toddler  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
624	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-18	Yeah only he looked more like a six year old than a three year old.  You see him laughing at Bran when the Stark kids are introduced and I think he is present when the King rides in...but I wasn't looking for him so I could be wrong on that account.He's been aged up along with the other Stark kids.And yes, he was in the scene where the family met Robert - standing next to his mother.  Robert mussed his hair after greeting Cat.
625	Silversun	2011-04-18	Finally managed to watch it and I really like it. Perhaps a bit to much for 1 episode but overall I enjoyed it. I think the pacing is something that is going to be difficult to deal with, trying to get through the whole book in 10 episodes.
The only thing I didn't like was Viserys. Not that he was bad, but that he was completely different in personality to what I expected. I think I expected him to be louder and shoutier. like a spoiled child, rather than the quiet, subtle cruelty he showed in the programme. A minor complaint out of what was overall a brilliant episode
626	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-18	Here's a question I don't remember from the books. Robert puts a feather on Lyanna's hand. Why? What is the significance?Because it was some other guy who would have known that she would have preferred a blue rose?/kidding, sort ofSeriously, though, they did make it a point to show us this clearly in that gloomy place. It's nice to know that the show may be setting up a little mystery that we aren't all-knowing about in advance.
627	Valmy	2011-04-18	And yes, he was in the scene where the family met Robert - standing next to his mother.  Robert mussed his hair after greeting Cat.Oh yeah that's right.  I wonder if that little actor will be able to do angry and feral.
628	Killuncle	2011-04-18	Was Sansa aged up too?  Wasn't she 12 or 13 in the book. 
Joffrey looks really young.
629	Valmy	2011-04-18	Was Sansa aged up too?  Wasn't she 12 or 13 in the book. Joffrey looks really young.She was 11.  She is 13 in the series.  All the kids get 2 or 3 years.  I imagine if GRRM were to write AGoT again, which he will not, he would have had all the kids at those ages.
630	Kalbear	2011-04-18	The only thing I didn't like was Viserys. Not that he was bad, but that he was completely different in personality to what I expected. I think I expected him to be louder and shoutier. like a spoiled child, rather than the quiet, subtle cruelty he showed in the programme. A minor complaint out of what was overall a brilliant episode This was something I actually thought he did better. That and Cersei. Both characters were really mwahaha villains in the book, but Viserys in the show is far more subtle and interesting, and Cersei is actually charismatic and clever in some ways. I love her interacting with Sansa and how genuine it sounds when she says to make something for her; that was perfect and played Sansa perfectly. With Viserys it's even better. He's petulant and cruel, but he ultimately is about getting back home. It's not just that he's this whiny spoiled guy. He does have a plan, and he's going to go through anything to get there. His quiet, ruthless cruelty towards his sister is a lot more compelling to me than him beating her up.
631	Kat	2011-04-18	Was Sansa aged up too?  Wasn't she 12 or 13 in the book. Joffrey looks really young.She's 13 in the TV series, because that's what she tells Cersei when asked. I don't think they could age her up too much anyway, because she has to be pre-menstrual.
632	gumby	2011-04-18	Because I can't stop rewatching...A number of people earlier commented on how the king's party only had Lannister banners when they rode in, and how it seemed out of place. Right after Arya jumps up on the cart, there's a shot of the riders coming right-to-left. The first two riders clearly have Baratheon banners. It goes by very quickly; there's a cut to the middle of the group and the camera then lingers on the Lannister banners before moving on to Joffrey and the Hound.Beyond that, there's a few moments where the Baratheon banners are flapping in the background behind Ned and Robert, but they definitely seem under emphasized.I'll need to watch a 3rd time because I never saw them and the second time I was specifically looking for them.
633	Kalbear	2011-04-18	Yes - Bran is 10, Sansa 13, Dany 17-18(ish), Arya's presumably 11 or 12. Robb and Jon are both of age as well. 
Joff looks young but is probably Sansa's age in the show.
I'm kinda happy they aged them up. Sansa and Robb/Jon were fine, but Arya and Bran were way too young for me to buy into what they did in AGOT, and it continually bugged me.
634	Killuncle	2011-04-18	Oh aye.  Thanks Kat I forgot about the whole moon's blood thing.  I wonder if that'll alter future scenes for her.
635	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-18	Oh yeah that's right.  I wonder if that little actor will be able to do angry and feral.As acting requirements go, "angry and feral kid" probably isn't that difficult to pull off.   /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
636	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	She was 11.  She is 13 in the series.  All the kids get 2 or 3 years.  I imagine if GRRM were to write AGoT again, which he will not, he would have had all the kids at those ages.From the FAQ entry covering the intended 5-year gap after Storm of Swords:What he has now determined is that the events he planned to happen after the five year gap will largely still take place as planned, but will be happening without having to cover those proposed five years. This does mean that some characters will be doing things at an earlier age than he supposed (meaning the childrenÂ<U+0097>Bran, Arya, and SansaÂ<U+0097>in particular), but itÂ<U+0092>s an unavoidable problem. He has previously remarked that in hindsight, he should have made the children two or three years older so as to avoid that problem.
637	Xenophon	2011-04-18	This was something I actually thought he did better. That and Cersei. Both characters were really mwahaha villains in the book, but Viserys in the show is far more subtle and interesting, and Cersei is actually charismatic and clever in some ways. I love her interacting with Sansa and how genuine it sounds when she says to make something for her; that was perfect and played Sansa perfectly. With Viserys it's even better. He's petulant and cruel, but he ultimately is about getting back home. It's not just that he's this whiny spoiled guy. He does have a plan, and he's going to go through anything to get there. His quiet, ruthless cruelty towards his sister is a lot more compelling to me than him beating her up.I completely agree.  If they could give Viserys a bigger role in a way that still fits the plot, I'd be all for it.  Maybe some flashbacks of Dany thinking about her old home in Bravos(?)--the one with the red door.
638	Killuncle	2011-04-18	OMG.  I must be really thick.  Was there a 5 year gap after storm of swords?
639	The Bastard King	2011-04-18	I wasn't fond of Maester Luwin. He always felt more fatherly and warm in the books, but he seems much colder in the first episode.
640	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-18	OMG.  I must be really thick.  Was there a 5 year gap after storm of swords?No.  That was GRRM's original intent, but he found that he spent so much time relating what had happened in the preceding 5 years that he scrapped the idea.
641	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-18	OMG.  I must be really thick.  Was there a 5 year gap after storm of swords?No. Dance events happen concurrent with Storm events, then extend a few months beyond. But scrapping the gap lead to the Myrenese Knot, which lead to great chunks of Storm having to be scrapped and rewritten.
642	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-18	No. Dance events happen concurrent with Storm events, then extend a few months beyond. But scrapping the gap lead to the Myrenese Knot, which lead to great chunks of Storm having to be scrapped and rewritten.When you say Storm I think you mean Feast?
643	gumby	2011-04-18	No. Dance events happen concurrent with **Storm events, then extend a few months beyond. But scrapping the gap lead to the Myrenese Knot, which lead to great chunks of Storm having to be scrapped and rewritten.**Feast
644	Soylent Brown	2011-04-18	We saw Rickon a few times. I liked him being helpful, running back and too carrying stuff after the archery scene.
Regarding Robert's crypt-feather, I wouldn't read too much into it. I don't recall him having anything to hand in the books, so I'd imagine they probably just had him offering something in the show for effect.
Unless... maybe they're hinting that at some point Jon will warg a giant eagle in book 7 and save Bran; Bran having destroyed the Great Other's ring in a magical ice volcano, oop north.
645	Talleyrand	2011-04-18	I really liked the casting of Harry Lloyd as Vis and Iain Glen as Jorah. Also Jamie Sives fits my image of Jory Cassell very well. I also hoped Robert would be  taller and thought that Eddard was colder as a person.
646	Killuncle	2011-04-18	Thank Christ for that.  I thought I was a bit mad there.  A 5 year gap would have been a good idea if it meant that Ayra could have been trained as some kind of Natalie Portman from Lyon type assassin.  Oh well.
Great show, apart from the hound's comical helmet.
Night.
647	gumby	2011-04-18	Thank Christ for that.  I thought I was a bit mad there.  A 5 year gap would have been a good idea if it meant that Ayra could have been trained as some kind of Natalie Portman from Lyon type assassin.  Oh well.Great show, apart from the hound's comical helmet.Night.Speaking of Hound and Comical.  I thought his hair looked as if he passed out drunk and his buddy shaved half his hair off.
648	Tsavong Lah	2011-04-18	There weren't too many problems that I had that haven't been mentioned many times over.
I guess I am one of the few who wasn't blown away by Viserys. He was fine, but it felt a little off.
And while I know this is HBO, and is ASOIAF, at times it still felt a bit too gratuitous.
Ultimately it just went by so fast. Many of the little things that really stick in my mind aren't going to make it. I won't hate the series because of it, but I just need to understand that there won't be Theon kicking the head, the training in the yards at Winterfell, etc.
649	Soylent Brown	2011-04-18	I actually liked the Hound's helmet. Reading the books, I really struggled to imagine how it would look practically. I thought they did a good job.
650	castleonthehill	2011-04-18	I'm a bit miffed that they denied Ser Waymar the chance to rattle off one of the best boob jokes in the books, but hey, that's just me. Thought they nailed most of the other comic attempts though. I guess I kind of always knew that Dinklage would be a great Tyrion, but NCW's flippant and irreverant jabs felt natural, and more importanly, were funny. And Addy's King Bob is already hilariously on his way to self-distruction. D&D might not have gotten everything right, but I'm glad they have a basic feel for GRRM's humor.
651	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-18	Feast!! Thank you.
652	Volderon	2011-04-18	There weren't too many problems that I had that haven't been mentioned many times over.I guess I am one of the few who wasn't blown away by Viserys. He was fine, but it felt a little off.And while I know this is HBO, and is ASOIAF, at times it still felt a bit too gratuitous.Ultimately it just went by so fast. Many of the little things that really stick in my mind aren't going to make it. I won't hate the series because of it, but I just need to understand that there won't be Theon kicking the head, the training in the yards at Winterfell, etc.That's for the best though isn't it? It's good they don't include all the scenes because then you can still read the book for the scenes that weren't in the television series /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I loved pretty much everything about the show. I had no expectations for it and so was not disappointed at all. They're staying as faithful to the book as they can and I love it.Actually, the only thing I didn't like was Tyrion...felt a little too forced with his lines.
					
					
							Edited by Volderon, 18 April 2011 - 05:02 PM.
653	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-18	What I liked best about this episode is that, when all the episodes are in and people start to rewatch them, many of the little details seeded here will make perfect sense and seem brilliant in hindsight.
654	Maltaran	2011-04-18	I guess I am one of the few who wasn't blown away by Viserys. He was fine, but it felt a little off.Isn't he supposed to be a little off? He certainly convinced me he was the Mad King's son.There were some nice bits of foreshadowing there - Robert asking Ned how well he handles a boar spear, and Ned saying "Better than you", for example.I liked the little heraldic icons by each actor's name in the credits to show which House theyir character is. Are the icons for the crew also real Westerosi heraldry, or were they created for the credit sequence?Conclusion - I need to watch this again. Probably more than once.
655	Kalbear	2011-04-18	Speaking of Hound and Comical. I thought his hair looked as if he passed out drunk and his buddy shaved half his hair off.Yeah, my wife said the same thing. Especially since it came with the line 'rough night?" I expected Tyrion to come back 'not as rough as yours - did you lose a bet?"The Hound was actually one of the more disappointing parts for me. Him being a slightly ugly guy who has a shitty combover kinda wrecks it.
656	Trebla	2011-04-18	Despite how big he is, I didn't notice Hodor standing by Bran when Robb arrived. No wonder Theon and Jon are so petulant, Hodor is in the front row!  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
Jaime also got a couple of good lines as he visited Cersei in the throne room:
Tywin impersonation: "Lannisters, Lannisters don't act like fools"
On Robert: fucking boars and hunting whores. Or is it the other way around?"  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> 
Kudos to whoever noticed the Unsullied at Dany's wedding feast. They are guarding some robed Magisters. So many little touches like that are what have me so geeked up. You'll note that Drogo is wearing a belt with large gold medallions on it.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
657	gumby	2011-04-18	Kudos to whoever noticed the Unsullied at Dany's wedding feast. They are guarding some robed Magisters. So many little touches like that are what have me so geeked up. You'll note that Drogo is wearing a belt with large gold medallions on it.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Never even thought they were Unsullied until it was said.  I thought that is was strange the they were wearing helms, but now it makes sense.
658	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	I couldn't honestly tell Jon, Robb, and Theon apart.  Yes, I think Robb's auburn hair should have been a lot more auburn, closer to Sansa's colour, in order for at least Jon and Robb to visually stand apart more. Theon's position in the household might be a tad confusing, people will know he's not a Stark kid, but he also doesn't behave with a servant's/subject's deference. But I don't think the audience will have a problem differentiating him from Jon and Robb.There are too many characters to be able to develop them all in a single episode. I felt the show gave us enough of the characters in this episode for it to be a good start. But with such a large cast of important characters giving each sufficient screen and script time will be a challenge. Once they go their separate ways it'll be easier to keep things in order. People new to the show haven't a clue about what's in store for the characters, so they're assuming the characters who got decent screen time are the (only/main) key characters. The show would have been worse off had they tried to develop more characters than they did. They got the balance pretty much right for the time they had available IMO.I think it's important for the relationship between Robb and Jon to be given a bit more of a showing before Jon hives off to the wall. The audience needs to know that Robb likes Jon and has brotherly affection for him, and vice versa. Otherwise their subsequent actions will seem a bit out of place.I think people who are expecting from the series the same thing as the books deliver are being unrealistic about what a TV series can deliver (even if it was 12 episodes it wouldn't be able to deliver to book level expectations). I've always tried to have realistic expectations about the series, from the ages of the child characters to the changes in character motivations (Cat re Ned becoming the Hand being the big one people have ben fixated on...until Drogo/Dany came along). I changed my tune on screen adaptation bastardisations after LOTR. There were a lot of changes there, which pissed me off quite a bit. But after listening to the director commentary on the (extended) DVDs Peter, Fran and Philippa acknowledged many of the changes and offered explanations for them which, for the purposes of movie adaptation made sense.The message is simple. If you don't want to witness any changes from the canonical literary work don't watch ANY movies or TV shows adapted from books you've read (especially a big book).Episode 2 can't come soon enough!
659	Ran	2011-04-18	Re: the Hound's makeup,
The scene with Tyrion is from the original pilot. They changed the makeup a fair bit between the pilot and the reshoots. In the pilot, he had a much balder right side of his head, and the makeup was otherwise different. Clothing, too. Think he looks better post-pilot.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 18 April 2011 - 05:13 PM.
660	Aoife	2011-04-18	Treb - he isn't, he's in the second row, behind the Starks. He's just that tall. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
661	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Despite how big he is, I didn't notice Hodor standing by Bran when Robb arrived. No wonder Theon and Jon are so petulant, Hodor is in the front row!  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Hodor actually is in the second row. He's just so big that he appears to be in the front row when we see it from the front but you see he's in the second from other angles.
662	woodsman816	2011-04-18	Ok so i've been reading the boards forever but never post, so i figure im still new to the forums. I want so badly to enjoy the show more than I did. Not to say that it was bad by any means, but i feel .......underwhelmed by many moments that in my head were much more grand. The finding of the the pups for one was much less dynamic than I had hoped (no brotherly love between Robb and Jon in the race that led to them, no fear on the faces of the men at arms that accompanied them). Another part that left me somewhat flat was the heavily veiled violence of Viserys. To be honest I don't even know if I would have known how violent "waking the dragon" is supposed to be if i had not read the books first, where as in the books he's a bully right off the bat. Bran's fall was also somewhat less grand than I had hoped. 
That being said I know these complaints would be none existant if I hadn't had read these scenes multiple times and imagined them in my own way. I doubt viewers unfamiliar with the books would notice these things. Alot was great. Robert was fantastic (even though I feel Ned was too close in height). Joff didn't have a line and I already can't wait to see the bastard choke. Arya was great. I really hope I can let go of my preconceptions and enjoy the show as a stand alone interpretation as the series progresses.
					
					
							Edited by woodsman816, 18 April 2011 - 05:15 PM.
663	Kalbear	2011-04-18	Another thing that I loved about the first episode was the clear camaraderie of Ned and Robert. I know it was there in the book, but I really felt it in the show. The small look that Ned gives Robert after the 'you got fat' line was awesome. The needling he gives for the spear is another nice touch. There was this weight of warmth and familiarity that they did so very nicely. And the look Cersei gives Robert when he visits Lyanna's tomb....great.
664	Trebla	2011-04-18	Treb - he isn't, he's in the second row, behind the Starks. He's just that tall. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />lol, it must've been the angle I noticed him in. Or he just takes up two rows!
665	Josquius	2011-04-18	Seen it.
The Hound is wrong. He's not as burned and nasty looking as I imagined. His helmet looks a bit silly too. My dad even chuckled at it.
Sansa- thought she'd been aged up, was wondering how her plot would work with the pretty young adult she looks to be (sure I remember reading the actress was like...18 or so), turns out...she says she's 13. Ah. So its Westeros 90210 then.
One big dissapointing thing is that I know not too much will happen north of the wall now, that bit was awesome though.
Pentos was undewhelming. The whole thing there just...felt so very made for TV. Which it is but...yeah. Was expecting it to look grander.
Nude Dani was...nice. Hot.
I think a lot of people watching it are going to be very dissapointed after the initial battley lead in its going to be all politics with no others to be seen.
666	Maltaran	2011-04-18	(sure I remember reading the actress was like...18 or so), turns out...she says she's 13.The actress is 14, I believe, just tall.
667	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Seen it.The Hound is wrong. He's not as burned and nasty looking as I imagined. His helmet looks a bit silly too. My dad even chuckled at it.Sansa- thought she'd been aged up, was wondering how her plot would work with the pretty young adult she looks to be (sure I remember reading the actress was like...18 or so), turns out...she says she's 13. Ah. So its Westeros 90210 then.One big dissapointing thing is that I know not too much will happen north of the wall now, that bit was awesome though.Pentos was undewhelming. The whole thing there just...felt so very made for TV. Which it is but...yeah. Was expecting it to look grander.Nude Dani was...nice. Hot.I think a lot of people watching it are going to be very dissapointed after the initial battley lead in its going to be all politics with no others to be seen.Ran just explained on the other page that the Hound shot was from the pilot and that he looks a bit different in the newer make up.Sophie Turner who plays Sansa is 15 years old (she was 14 during filming).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 April 2011 - 05:25 PM.
668	Josquius	2011-04-18	Wow, weird, Sansa really does look old for her age.
Guess I've met such girls in the real world though.
Hope the hound is improved. Searching the net for photos he just always looks underwhelming.
Oh. And the opening credits were nowhere near as awesome as this site led me to believe they would be. Why the clockwork? Its a medieval setting, not baroque.
Overall I liked it. Just...guess I was expecting the best thing ever so am a bit underwhelmed.
					
					
							Edited by Josquius, 18 April 2011 - 05:28 PM.
669	Isabella Stark	2011-04-18	I changed my tune on screen adaptation bastardisations after LOTR. There were a lot of changes there, which pissed me off quite a bit. But after listening to the director commentary on the (extended) DVDs Peter, Fran and Philippa acknowledged many of the changes and offered explanations for them which, for the purposes of movie adaptation made sense.This.For the time being, I'm going to assume that changes were done to simplify story lines (to the extent possible), make the story work better as a tv show and be more comprehensible to the viewers who haven't read the books. I think before anyone gets too worked up about changes from the books, we should see how things play out over multiple episodes.
670	Dru	2011-04-18	I for one thought it was better than I had expected. I can nitpick but am not going to because it is impossible to create what I see in my head while I read and what they create onto the film. For what they did, it's pretty amazing. I really have no complaints and I've read the books at least 6 time through. Great job so far. My favorite part was Arya running around with the helmet on while Robert makes his entrance into Winterfell. I can't wait for next week.
671	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Wow, weird, Sansa really does look old for her age.Guess I've met such girls in the real world though.Hope the hound is improved. Searching the net for photos he just always looks underwhelming.Oh. And the opening credits were nowhere near as awesome as this site led me to believe they would be. Why the clockwork? Its a medieval setting, not baroque.Overall I liked it. Just...guess I was expecting the best thing ever so am a bit underwhelmed.The hound will be burned but he won't be extremely messed up. I assume it's better for acting if he doesn't have too much things on his face as it will make his facial impressions less vivid. We'll see how it turns out.As for the cogwheels and so on in the opening credits I took it to be a visual representation of the political machinations that drive the story. Whether or not that's the intended idea I can't say yet but I believe there will be a featurette on the credits now that the first episode is aired.High expectations are never good to have. At best the show will just meet your standard, at worst you'll be disappointed with something that's really good.
672	SansaWillRule	2011-04-18	I don't think I have seen this mentioned, if it was sorry.  Was anyone else surprised at the way Theon spoke to Robb?  I would have thought that he would talk to Jon that way but not Robb.
I thought it was pretty awesome, I was surprised they managed to cram so much in one episode.
673	EvilClosetMonkey	2011-04-18	Treb - he isn't, he's in the second row, behind the Starks. He's just that tall.Here I was hoping that in true Hodor style he had just wandered into the front row on his own.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Hope the hound is improved. Searching the net for photos he just always looks underwhelming.I kept seeing similar complaints when the first pictures of the Hound came out. I actually had to go back and reread the description because I apparently toned down his disfigurement in my head. Which explains why I have no problem with the way he looks (if they had stuck to GRRM's description they probably could have just hired whoever did the two-face makeup/effects in the Dark Knight and told them to do that again). Also, I really liked the Hound's helmet, I thought it was kinda badass, different strokes for different folks I guess.Count me among the people that loved the opening credits as well.
674	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	I don't think I have seen this mentioned, if it was sorry.  Was anyone else surprised at the way Theon spoke to Robb?  I would have thought that he would talk to Jon that way but not Robb.I thought it was pretty awesome, I was surprised they managed to cram so much in one episode.I think that because they omitted certain other ass-like Theon traits that we've seen, they illustrated it in other ways, like his manner of speaking to Robb. However, I also believe that Theon will be forced to serve Robb once Ned isn't the Lord in Winterfell. It changes the dynamics of his ultimate betrayal, but really, the end result is the same. Theon screws the Starks over in the end.
675	aeu	2011-04-18	I admired the shot of danny's arse.  The camera moved inches lower to let us have a good look.  Nice work.Other people mentioned this too in the previous thread, but I thought they had a full body shot (and kept at it for a while).  Is this a HD / non-HD difference?I wasn't fond of Maester Luwin. He always felt more fatherly and warm in the books, but he seems much colder in the first episode.This, I agree. The other maesters (Prycelle, Aemon) seemed off in the previews as well.lol, it must've been the angle I noticed him in. Or he just takes up two rows!Heh, I saw the same thing too. I even thought "What the hell is Hodor doing on the first row?"One thing that really worked for me was Cat. I did not expect that. I usually do not linger on appearances (mainly because I don't pay attention to descriptions in the books), so I didn't feel bad about any of the choices, except for Cat. Ever since the role was recast, I couldn't help but think "That's just not gonna work."  But now that I've seen the episode, it feels perfect. Maybe because they reimagined Cat quite a bit and it all fits somewhow...I was also surprised at how much I remembered from the books and how I reacted to small details. Stupid things like Stark guards bowing while Cat is walking past. I was all "Come on, these are Northmen, this would never fly up there!!!" (Now that I think about it, I have no idea whether they do this in the books or not.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> But Tyrion having a semi-friendly banter with the Hound...Now that should not have hapenned!)
676	Phostopheles	2011-04-18	I'm going to have to watch it again.
The pacing was...fine.  Everything just felt a shade cartoony to me...as if caricaturing some of the characters would help establishing them faster in a shorter time frame.  I don't know what to feel about this, as this is relatively on par with other dramas.
Cersei and Jaime are too sympathetic from the start.  Cersei has twinges of bitchiness and Jaime has a macho contest with Ned, but more time was spent establishing their relationship with each other and Tyrion than making them villains.  Which increases shock value at the big reveal, but unfortunately sets their arcs back a bit.  I hope this is remedied in later episodes, though I get the feeling like they'll only become more human with each minute of added screen time.\
Viserys is the wrong kind of creepy for me.  I just don't see a sleeping dragon in that guy, just a hammy actor in a bad wig.  Fortunately he'll get his soon enough and then the series will be all the better.
On the other hand, I feel Sansa, Catelyn, Ned, Dany, Robert, Jon, and Tyrion were all well handled, all things considered.  I'm indifferent on Bran and Arya.
					
					
							Edited by Phostopheles, 18 April 2011 - 08:52 PM.
677	woodsman816	2011-04-18	I was trying but couldnt get a look at Luwin's chain. Did anyone get a look at it?
678	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-18	Someone in the last thread said they thought it weird that Sansa wouldn't have had her period yet at 13, which of all the nitpicks this surprised me the most. Sure, some girls get earlier than 13, but it's hardly unheard of I thought for a girl to still be 13 and not have it yet. Yeesh, some people will complain about anything. 
I love the fact that my brother and his friend who have not read the books believe that Bran died. I am so looking forward to seeing their reaction to the later events.  My brother didn't know about Ceresi and Jaime, though I had warned him about the Targs. He visibly recoiled and glared at me saying, "Just how much incest does this show have?!" LOL Still, despite that he seemed to enjoy it over all and both he and his friend want to see more.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 18 April 2011 - 05:48 PM.
679	Josquius	2011-04-18	I was trying but couldnt get a look at Luwin's chain. Did anyone get a look at it?I'm sure I kind of saw some rings hanging down when he entered the bedroom.
680	Mandurang	2011-04-18	Hey everyone, I'll share some thoughts too after watching the first episode last night. My initial reaction is that it was pretty good - nothing especially mindblowing, but a very good start to the series. I think that it will pick up momentum as time goes by. 
Regarding the technical side, I thought that overall the quality of the production was good. I expected a little more armor on the knights - I recall the Winterfell scene where the king's party arrives and thinking that Jaime was a little too underarmored, especially in the legs. On the other hand, the Hound's helm looked a little too big and plastic for my taste, especially as the visor kind of bounced while he rode. Very minor complaints, however. The one aspect I really thought I'd see more of, was colorful costumes. Martin spends quite some time describing clothes and personal effects to cover the thematically rich landscape of Westeros in equally rich garb, and I felt that it was not addressed as much in the first episode of the series. The Winterfell feast scene especially seemed a little drab compared to the cornucopia of colors, dagged sleeves and slashed vests I had pictured when I read the books. But I suspect these minor issues will be straightened out as time progresses. 
As far as the acting is concerned, I thought it was, overall, great. Some actors pleasantly surprised me with the depth they were able to reach using often limited material. Special mention to the children portraying Arya and Bran, who I also think are phenomenally suited for their respective parts. 
I now come to the aspect of the series that was the most off-putting for me: The nudity. Before I am misunderstood, let me say that I am aware that some people have raised the issue, when discussing the books in particular, of whether sexual scenes might be overdone. I disagree with that sentiment. I have no quibble at all with how Martin handles sexuality in the books. In fact, I think that aspect of his writing is one (of many) that greatly contributes to the characterization and depth for which the series is justly famous. 
That said, I found the overt depiction of said sexuality in the TV adaptation a little unsettling. I am struggling to describe my exact impression, as I think that nudity, if done right, is also something that contributes greatly to a movie, and I can think of some great movies that contained incredible erotic scenes. However, I did not expect the amount, or speed, with which it would be exhibited in this first episode. Perhaps the intention was to set the tone, but if so, the tone it set for me was, somehow, a little off. Was it - among other things - because, as some have commented in reviews I chanced to read online, Dany's nudity became a visual vehicle for her lack of power, which they found a bit unfitting? I can't really say. But my, for lack of a better word, art sense tingled with the kind of unpleasant tingle Highlander felt in the presence of other Immortals. I hope it goes away. 
I wonder whether anyone shared those feelings.
					
					
							Edited by Mandurang, 18 April 2011 - 05:53 PM.
681	EvilClosetMonkey	2011-04-18	I think it was almost necessary to show the more human elements of Jaime and Cersei from the beginning. First, because this isn't from any specific characters POV; second, because it might be a little weird for non-bookies to go through a whole season of Cersei & Jaime twirling their mustaches and laughing about child murder and beheading puppies only to find out they are real people after all. It works brilliantly in the books to turn these stock villains around to at least understandable people. In a show? Not so much methinks.
As to the nudity, I sort of agree with Mandurang in that it set off a slightly unpleasant tingle in my brain. I'm just not sure what it was that did it for me. I think it might have been the nude Dany as powerless idea that made me uncomfortable. Which I think it was supposed to do, so I guess that's a win for D&D. For clarity's sake, I want to say that it wasn't the way it was done or that they used that particular way to show her helplessness at this stage. I think we're supposed to be uncomfortable with how very controlled and vulnerable she is and if that is the case, then the desired effect was achieved for me.
The only non-book scene that didn't really work for me was Tyrion's introduction. I guess I'm afraid that the whoring aspect of his character is going to be played up too much. I still have faith that this part was just a hook to get us into part of Tyrion's character though. And, in the end, I just let my primal male self take over in that scene and said "Hooray for boobies!"
					
					
							Edited by EvilClosetMonkey, 18 April 2011 - 06:03 PM.
682	Starkess	2011-04-18	Someone in the last thread said they thought it weird that Sansa wouldn't have had her period yet at 13, which of all the nitpicks this surprised me the most. Sure, some girls get earlier than 13, but it's hardly unheard of I thought for a girl to still be 13 and not have it yet. Yeesh, some people will complain about anything. Funny, I was just writing a post about that!Yes, 13 and not "bleeding" is totally normal. Although Sansa may not think so. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I remember getting my first period a couple weeks before my 13th birthday, and I was about right in the middle of the pack. (This was a Big Deal and I remember thinking it would NEVER happen. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> Oh what I would give to get rid of the damn thing now.)
683	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	Someone in the last thread said they thought it weird that Sansa wouldn't have had her period yet at 13, which of all the nitpicks this surprised me the most. Sure, some girls get earlier than 13, but it's hardly unheard of I thought for a girl to still be 13 and not have it yet. Yeesh, some people will complain about anything. If I'm not mistaken, girls have been getting their periods earlier and earlier in the past century, so I believe Sansa being 13 and not having had it yet wouldn't be too out of the ordinary for a medieval-era girl. Of course it's a fictional world regardless, so maybe menstrual cycles are delayed in Westeros!
684	Kalbear	2011-04-18	I think it was almost necessary to show the more human elements of Jaime and Cersei from the beginning.Exactly. Another way to put it is this: if the show is going to last through ASOS, you can't have Cersei being the maniacal villain. The narrative won't stand for it. And as it turns out, we will have plenty of mwahahah from Joffrey and to a lesser extent Littlefinger soon enough. I'm actually most interested in how they do Tyrion in that regard - is he going to be the classic arrogant glorious bastard, like House or Blackadder? Is he going to be as nuanced and ultimately as despicable as Jaime and Cersei? I do appreciate how they set up, from the onset, that Jaime and Cersei killed Jon to protect themselves. Heh.
685	Josquius	2011-04-18	I didn't think Jamie came across too well.
I guess we see things from Cersei's POV a bit, much earlier than in the books- Robert having fun with the wench whilst she just looks on and endures, Robert is straight off to see the crypt....But then in the book I can't remember particularly seeing her bitchy side until Kings Landing.
But Jamie just came across as a knob with the pushing Bran- in the book doesn't Bran slip and Jamie saves him but then at Cersei's prodding changes his mind and pushes him? Here on the TV show he just goes 'things I do for love' and shoves- that whole Bran climbing and seeing them scene actually didn't have the impact of the books. Just such a simple little climb to see them and then standing in a big window to watch.
					
					
							Edited by Josquius, 18 April 2011 - 06:00 PM.
686	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	I'm going to have to watch it again.The pacing was...fine.  Everything just felt a shade cartoony to me...as if caricaturing some of the characters would help establishing them faster in a shorter time frame.  I don't know what to feel about this, as this is relatively on par with other dramas.Cersei and Jaime are too sympathetic from the start.  Cersei has twinges of bitchiness and Jaime has a macho contest with Ned, but more time was spent establishing their relationship with each other and Tyrion than making them villains.  Which increases shock value at the big reveal, but unfortunately sets their arcs back a bit.  I hope this is remedied in later episodes, though I get the feeling like they'll only become more human with each minute of added screen time.\Viserys is the wrong kind of creepy for me.  I just don't see a sleeping dragon in that guy, just a hammy actor in a bad wig.  Fortunately he'll get his soon enough and then the series will be all the better.On the other hand, I feel Sansa, Catelyn, Ned, Dany, Robert, Jon, and Tyrion were all well handled, all things considered.  I'm indifferent on Bran.Cersei and Jaime are like that all the time in the books as well, it's just that we never get to watch them from any POV other than their "enemies". I don't think they will be any less villainous than in the book when it comes to the scenes that are taken from that. Cersei will make Ned kill Lady and conspire against Ned, Jaime has already tried to kill Bran and will attack Ned at King's Landing. I feel they are more interesting when we see them as 3-dimensional characters, like we have seen them in AFFC. When it comes to straight out villains we have guys like the Mountain.You have a very different view on Viserys than I do. Lucky for me I guess.
687	Kalbear	2011-04-18	But Jamie just came across as a knob with the pushing Bran- in the book doesn't Bran slip and Jamie saves him but then at Cersei's prodding changes his mind and pushes him?This was answered in the prior thread, but the answer is: no. Cersei doesn't prod him. Jaime does push him. Jaime does catch him after he slips from seeing them, and Bran was clawing at his arm. But that's about all they changed.I thought they did that absolutely perfectly. And honestly, Jaime coming off as a knob? He is a knob. This is a guy who at 7 dove off a cliff. Who routinely challenges anyone to a fight and goes looking for it. Who fucks his sister. He is not the most calculating of people, and in his POV he points out that Cersei told him over and over again that he fucked up. Cersei tells that to Tyrion as well. The books in no way support the notion that Jaime was 'pushed' into pushing Bran. That's just apologist bullshit.
688	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-04-18	So after almost two-and-a-half years of waiting I finally got to watch the first episode.
I probably have to watch it a few more times before fully appreciating it.. Not saying I didn't like it but I was not blown away either. Here are my thoughts after the first episode, I'm sorry if some things have already been clarified, I haven't had the time to read the other thread, I only read this one up until now.
The thing is that the books are simply the most awesome books ever and even though I know it's hard to turn these books into a TV show, the combination with HBO had set up my expectations pretty high. What I didn't realize until after the final credits and reading up on some WiC and other posts here, is that the show is not necessarily made to please die-hards fans. They need to lure in people who have never read GRRM as well. I probably had the wrong mind set as I didn't really enjoy certain parts of the first episode.
I think the first part, the whole bit we already saw in the 15-min preview, was pretty sweet. It had a pretty grim tone and the only think I'm still not sure about is the White Walker look..
The title scene was nothing like I expected. I liked it for the most part. The only thing I couldn't figure out was why the camera was tilted at 90 degrees in Pentos.. Didn't really get that.
Then the scene with the pups. I also noticed the strange/bright colors in this scene. Not sure yet what to think about it but the overall vibe I got was a bit less grim than I expected after watching the fifteen minute preview. That goes for the whole episode. It was all a bit more fantasy-esque than in my imagination. Of course I know there are no such things as direwolves and weirwoods but I mostly mean the setting, that it felt too stagey at times (Direwolves, Weirwood, Bran's climbing scenes). I think that could have been done more subtle perhaps. Overall I thought the pilot was not very subtle. That's because the show is made for a wider audience of course, who mostly don't know the whole story by heart already, but I didn't realize that while watching.
For now I agree with a commenter before me that they might have done better to introduce Daenerys in the second episode. It felt it a bit rushed at times. Than again this first episode could very well be a real frame work episode and in the next few we might see more subtlety and longer scenes.
For all the comments I have, there is still a lot to love. Most of the casting is spot on and the acting was great in my eyes. I'v yet to see poor acting/casting. For me Robert, Catelyn, Arya, Jaime and Daenerys really stood out. Michelle Fairley was probably my favorite.
I feel like I will really grow to love the show but I need to separate it more from the books.
Can't wait for the next few episodes!
689	VarysTheSpider	2011-04-18	I don't think I have seen this mentioned, if it was sorry.  Was anyone else surprised at the way Theon spoke to Robb?  I would have thought that he would talk to Jon that way but not Robb.I was too - Theon and Robb normally got on quite well. However, I suppose it does provide a bit of set-up for what's to come if they inject a little bit more antagonism into their relationship.Overall, I was very happy with what I saw. They knew what to keep and what to add, didn't get too bogged down in detail and managed to hurry the plot along while not neglecting the importance of the characters' interaction. The only scene that felt a little too hurried was when Ned and Robert were in the crypt. If I hadn't read the books, it wouldn't have been clear to me why they even went down there. I assume a scene where they talk about the war and Lyanna was cut.Was also pleased that Jaime doesn't come across anywhere near as melancholy and gloomy as he did in his character preview. Thank god.I normally hate child actors with a passion, but they all seem excellent. Even Rickon. That kid didn't even have one line but his excited, slightly manic smile alone was perfect.
690	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	If I'm not mistaken, girls have been getting their periods earlier and earlier in the past century, so I believe Sansa being 13 and not having had it yet wouldn't be too out of the ordinary for a medieval-era girl. Of course it's a fictional world regardless, so maybe menstrual cycles are delayed in Westeros!The norm is 12-14 today, but can vary from 9-17 in the most extreme cases. If we add your fact that the periods have come earlier and earlier with time (or probably rather with better living standards) we find that complaining about Sansa hasn't had her first yet at 13 is an extremely odd nit-pick.
691	Balefont	2011-04-18	This.For the time being, I'm going to assume that changes were done to simplify story lines (to the extent possible), make the story work better as a tv show and be more comprehensible to the viewers who haven't read the books. I think before anyone gets too worked up about changes from the books, we should see how things play out over multiple episodes.Best.  Idea.  Ever.
692	Kat	2011-04-18	Someone in the last thread said they thought it weird that Sansa wouldn't have had her period yet at 13, which of all the nitpicks this surprised me the most. Sure, some girls get earlier than 13, but it's hardly unheard of I thought for a girl to still be 13 and not have it yet. Yeesh, some people will complain about anything. Certainly. While 13 is slightly above the average onset of menarchy in many countries today, the age has been declining. For the non-believers,this page and this page compile several different studies showing how the average age has declined. For instance, one graph shows the average age of first period going from ~15.6 to ~13.2 for Norwegian women from 1860 to 1980. Changing diet and nutrition count for a lot. Plus, you know, women are different.
693	Josquius	2011-04-18	This was answered in the prior thread, but the answer is: no. Cersei doesn't prod him. Jaime does push him. Jaime does catch him after he slips from seeing them, and Bran was clawing at his arm. But that's about all they changed.I thought they did that absolutely perfectly. And honestly, Jaime coming off as a knob? He is a knob. This is a guy who at 7 dove off a cliff. Who routinely challenges anyone to a fight and goes looking for it. Who fucks his sister. He is not the most calculating of people, and in his POV he points out that Cersei told him over and over again that he fucked up. Cersei tells that to Tyrion as well. The books in no way support the notion that Jaime was 'pushed' into pushing Bran. That's just apologist bullshit.Are you sure there's no prodding?I'm certain there's a discussion whilst Bran is hanging on about to fall.But anyway, I think Jamie catching Bran is very important. Shows his first instinct was to be good and save the kid- only when he thinks about things rationally and he thinks about what Bran has seen that he realises it would be best if he fell.
694	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	Are you sure there's no prodding?I'm certain there's a discussion whilst Bran is hanging on about to fall.But anyway, I think Jamie catching Bran is very important. Shows his first instinct was to be good and save the kid- only when he thinks about things rationally and he thinks about what Bran has seen that he realises it would be best if he fell.Â<U+0093>He saw us,Â<U+0094> the woman said shrilly.Â<U+0093>So he did,Â<U+0094> the man said.BranÂ<U+0092>s fingers started to slip. He grabbed the ledge with his other hand. Fingernails dug into unyielding stone. The man reached down. Â<U+0093>Take my hand,Â<U+0094> he said. Â<U+0093>Before you fall.Â<U+0094>Bran seized his arm and held on tight with all his strength. The man yanked him up to the ledge. Â<U+0093>What are you doing?Â<U+0094> the woman demanded.The man ignored her. He was very strong. He stood Bran up on the sill. Â<U+0093>How old are you, boy?Â<U+0094>Â<U+0093>Seven,Â<U+0094> Bran said, shaking with relief. His fingers had dug deep gouges in the manÂ<U+0092>s forearm. He let go sheepishly.The man looked over at the woman. Â<U+0093>The things I do for love,Â<U+0094> he said with loathing. He gave Bran a shove.
695	Kalbear	2011-04-18	There was as much prodding in the book as there was in the show. Actually, the show has Cersei prodding him twice as much ("he saw us!'...then "He SAW us" and the 'yes I know' bit) as in the books. She barely says anything to Jaime, just kind of looks at him. And I thought we got him 'saving' Bran in this as well. Bran does slip a bit in the show, and Jaime gets him, stabilizes him and talks for a bit. If he doesn't do anything Bran is fine. And that's basically like the books too - Bran slips, Jaime picks him up, puts him in the windowsill - and then defenestrates him. What I really loved is the enormity of the 'how old are you' line. I hadn't caught that,  but he's asking to show how far he'll go for his sister. To not just kill some child, but to kill a child of a specific age and to make sure that both he and more importantly his sister knows it.
696	Aoife	2011-04-18	The title scene was nothing like I expected. I liked it for the most part. The only thing I couldn't figure out was why the camera was tilted at 90 degrees in Pentos.. Didn't really get that.I imagine it's to continually show where it is in relation to Westeros, and to drive home that it's not on the same land mass. It'll also help explain (I think) why there isn't necessarily more direct contact / conflict between Dany & Viserys and Robert & the other anti-Targs.
697	EvilClosetMonkey	2011-04-18	I'm almost positive there is no prodding (not at home, so can't get relevant quote). Later on, Jaime definitely remembers Cersei bitching at him about it.
I do agree that it would have made the scene a little better if Jaime had caught him, pulled him up to the edge, then pushed him like in the book. But, I still thought the scene as it was done was very effective. I especially liked how casual NCW was about it. It seemed like that was really playing up the way Jaime is impulsive and doesn't second guess himself at this point. The decision has been made, why waste further thought on it? Even when Cat asks him about later on, he is just like: yeah, I pushed your kid out the window and...
698	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	I guess I am one of the few who wasn't blown away by Viserys. He was fine, but it felt a little off.Actually I thought he wasn't quite unhinged enough. Came across more as scheming, petulant and entitled (something you'd expect from pretty much any exiled noble) than someone with actual psychological problems. I also thought the "you don't want to wake the dragon" line came a little out of no where. People aren't going to understand what that's about. Is "the Dragon" the pet name for his willie, or is it about his temper? Actually, I think dragon is a pretty cool pet name for one's willie.I'm sure people will cheer when he finally gets his crown though. So they made a reasonable start with his character. And the actor is great regardless.
699	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Actually I thought he wasn't quite unhinged enough. Came across more as scheming, petulant and entitled (something you'd expect from pretty much any exiled noble) than someone with actual psychological problems. I also thought the "you don't want to wake the dragon" line came a little out of no where. People aren't going to understand what that's about. Is "the Dragon" the pet name for his willie, or is it about his temper? Actually, I think dragon is a pretty cool pet name for one's willie.I'm sure people will cheer when he finally gets his crown though. So they made a reasonable start with his character. And the actor is great regardless.I thought he was fine as I remember his earliest bits as being calm but threatening and Dany's memories telling us that he had a temper. I'm quite sure the 'waking the dragon' part will be explained with time (I don't think you have to immediately explain everything as soon as you use it) and from the previews we know that he'll have his real freak out moments.
700	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	I also thought the "you don't want to wake the dragon" line came a little out of no where. People aren't going to understand what that's about. Is "the Dragon" the pet name for his willie, or is it about his temper? Actually, I think dragon is a pretty cool pet name for one's willie.I thought the same at the time. For the people that haven't read the books, it might just be random or imply something sexual.Otherwise I think Viserys is well portrayed. While he does come off as your stereotypical spoiled royal exile, he also seems more eccentric and twisted than your normal downtrodden royal. Maybe it's the hair.
701	Alexia	2011-04-18	Someone in the last thread said they thought it weird that Sansa wouldn't have had her period yet at 13, which of all the nitpicks this surprised me the most. Sure, some girls get earlier than 13, but it's hardly unheard of I thought for a girl to still be 13 and not have it yet. Yeesh, some people will complain about anything. One of my girlfriends back in the day didn't get hers until she was 17.  13 is the average age for getting it but there's nothing abnormal about getting it later.And honestly, Jaime coming off as a knob? He is a knob. This is a guy who at 7 dove off a cliff. Who routinely challenges anyone to a fight and goes looking for it. Who fucks his sister. He is not the most calculating of people, and in his POV he points out that Cersei told him over and over again that he fucked up. Cersei tells that to Tyrion as well. The books in no way support the notion that Jaime was 'pushed' into pushing Bran. That's just apologist bullshit./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Cersei was pretty horrified by what Jaime did.  Jaime in no way, shape, or form blames her for his decision to murder Bran at any point that I can recall.  He even brags about it to Catelyn and tells her that her seven year old child is no innocent.  Jaime is solidly to blame for throwing Bran, the books spell out that it was not Cersei decision and she was not pleased by it.
702	manatee	2011-04-18	I thought it was great.Harry Lloyd was surprisingly good as Viserys. No problem with the Dany/Drogo changes. Nudity was fine.I always pictured Jaime cavalier about pushing Bran out the window - just like they portrayed it.In the big picture (just like I did with Lord of the Rings) I view the series as it's own animal and try not to compare it to the books and just enjoy it on its own merit.It says here I have only 1 post. I'm thinking dozens and dozens of brilliant posts (circa 2005) have been lost to the internet wilderness forever...
703	DuncanIdaho	2011-04-18	Hi all, 
This is my first post here so I apologize if this is not the good thread or if it was already discussed.
So here it goes: the ones we see in the prologue are not actually the Others/ the White Walkers. They are the dismembered bodies we saw in the first scenes. So I suppose they are wildlings killed by the Others and subsequently animated into wights (sorry for the spelling). And besides, if I recall correctly from the books, the wights have blue eyes, like in the episode.
what do you think ?
704	Aganerral	2011-04-18	I thought he was fine as I remember his earliest bits as being calm but threatening and Dany's memories telling us that he had a temper. I'm quite sure the 'waking the dragon' part will be explained with time (I don't think you have to immediately explain everything as soon as you use it) and from the previews we know that he'll have his real freak out moments.This ties into the only thing that really bugged me about the episode.  Since there wasn't too much discussiong about the Targs, it wasn't presented that dragons and Targs are linked in anway.  Knowing that the Targs sigil is a dragon, and that they used to ride them adds a bit more meaning to why Viserys uses the 'wake the dragon' line, and the meaning of the dragon eggs gift.  I'm pretty sure that, in the book,  at least by the wedding it was established that dragons had actually existed and had been used by Targs.In regards to the nudity, I was a bit surprised about how much there was, but thinking back to the books only the Tryion/whorehouse seen was really new.  The dothraki wedding was described as a wild affair in the books, but it felt more background to what was going on with Dany than front and center like in the show.  As for the twincest scene, I was a bit surprised by doggy-style at first (since in the books I remember the talk being that the dothraki style was barbaric...made me think missionary was the norm in Westeros), but I'm fine with ascribing that to artistic license to briefly hide who Jaime is with.Overall I liked it a lot.  In the short bits I was able to get a good feel for what each character's basic personality is.  Given the number of characters introduced, this was an effective pilot.
705	VarysTheSpider	2011-04-18	Couple of things I've remebered.
The music was fucking awesome. From the preview I was a little worried it would be too quiet.
I was looking forward to the scene where Dany rides her horse and we get to see her first show of happiness and the confidence that her relationship with Drogo will give her. Shame to cut that one.
706	juicy b0nes	2011-04-18	Hi all, This is my first post here so I apologize if this is not the good thread or if it was already discussed.So here it goes: the ones we see in the prologue are not actually the Others/ the White Walkers. They are the dismembered bodies we saw in the first scenes. So I suppose they are wildlings killed by the Others and subsequently animated into wights (sorry for the spelling). And besides, if I recall correctly from the books, the wights have blue eyes, like in the episode.what do you think ?I think that what we saw killing the rangers was HBO's version of a White Walker. It moved quickly and it was smart. The Wight was that little girl resurrected. There is obviously a difference between the two.
707	Mandurang	2011-04-18	I think that what we saw killing the rangers was HBO's version of a White Walker. It moved quickly and it was smart. The Wight was that little girl resurrected. There is obviously a difference between the two.It also spoke in a voice like creaking and cracking ice. Pretty sure it was their version of an Other.
708	Silversun	2011-04-18	In my post earlier I said I didn't like Harry Lloyds Viserys which wasn't really the right thing to say. What I meant was that I found it the most jarring when compared with what I already know about the character. Especially since everything else was there or there abouts what I expected.
It will probably allow for some very interesting character development since we will now hopefully get to see is rage build as the series goes on, rather than the permanently whiney boring character we got in the books
709	silkymoonshine	2011-04-18	I loved it - with the exception of some of the wigs. Seriously, Catelyn made such a big deal about the boys looking pretty (even Theon and Jon!), she couldn't have asked Ned to wash his hair? Ned's and Benjen's hair was so greasy in their scene together. Much, much worse than Dany's and Visery's.Someone elsewhere mentioned that Jaime looks exactly like Prince Charming from Shrek - he does! Nikolaj Coster-Waldau is incredibly charming, I was blown away.I was also pleasantly surpried by Emilia Clarke's performance, I thought she might be a weak link, but I thought she was incredible. I do think they managed to pull off the almost not-human Targaryen beauty with her.So far, I'm only worried about Kit Harrington. He's gorgeous and good enough, but I'm not sure he has enough gravitas to pull off Jon's storyline. We'll see, I guess.Question: did Robert fool around with other women in front of Cersei? I know he never tried to hide his whoring or his bastards from her, but it's quite a different thing to do it in front of her. I dunno, I don't remember him doing that in the books and it bothered me. Not that it's too out there, but it's so disrespectful, like it or not, she's his Queen (even if she fucked Jaime at least once right next to Robert, I think it was her way of getting some revenge from years of abuse and neglect).
710	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	And more things that I didn't pick up before:The White Walker who beheads Gared is wielding a huge icicle as a sword. It's most visible in the brief shot where he grabs the top of Gared's head. After he beheads him you can see the entire length of the sword, but the closeup is very well done.Other people have mentioned it, but the sun/compass/orrery in the introduction depicts the Targaryens arriving, the stag/lion/direwolf rebelling, and then the stag ruling.Also noted by others, the names in the title sequence have icons associating them with their Houses. However, I don't think anyone's pointed this out yet -- they put Dany, Sansa and Jorah in the wrong houses! They've got the direwolf icon next to Sean Bean, the stag next to Mark Addy, the lion for NCW, the direwolf for Michelle Fairley, and so on, until Emilia Clarke shows up as a Lannister, Iain Glen also as a Lannister, and Sophie Turner is labeled as a Targaryen, same as Harry Lloyd.In episode 2F09, when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib twice in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones.  I mean, what are we to believe, that this is some sort of a magic xylophone or something?  Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder.
711	Alexia	2011-04-18	Question: did Robert fool around with other women in front of Cersei? I know he never tried to hide his whoring or his bastards from her, but it's quite a different thing to do it in front of her. I dunno, I don't remember him doing that in the books and it bothered me. This is the guy who screwed a girl in his brother's wedding bed on his brother's wedding night before his brother and his brother's bride had the opportunity to use it.  I don't remember offhand if Robert was actually fooling with women in front of Cersei's face in the books, but it seems to completely jive with his characterization.
712	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-18	I think people are giving Cersei much to much credit in her later anger at Jaime for tossing Bran. My take on it was at that moment she was 100 percent on board with his attempt to kill him. Only later, after Bran lives does she fault Jaime. This  is classic Cersei. It's exactly how she has controlled Jaime thru-out their life. By being the "smart" one. Her later accusations ring hollow. There was no way she was going to "scare" Bran into silence. She was going to leave Winterfell shortly anyway. I don't really believe she would have scared him into being silent even for the remainder of her stay. 
The proposition that her word would have been taken over that of a 7/10 yr old is based on what ? A child describing a sex act he really had never seen between people before. He's making it up ? Every titled male in Winterfell is at the hunt, but Jaime ? 
What Cersei knows they have to fear is even the accusation. She knows Jaime's impulse to kill Bran was what she wanted.
713	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	If I'm not mistaken, girls have been getting their periods earlier and earlier in the past century, so I believe Sansa being 13 and not having had it yet wouldn't be too out of the ordinary for a medieval-era girl. Of course it's a fictional world regardless, so maybe menstrual cycles are delayed in Westeros!The irony of course is that in the books Sansa gets her moon blood at the age of...13! I don't really think it was necessary to bring the whole first blood thing into the TV show. It's enough for "tradition" to dictate that marrigae doesn't happen until the age of 15 or 16 as reason enough for Sansa and Joff to have a long engagement. Then coming into marriagable age after she's cast aside still allows for the dread of her impending nuptial to weigh heavily on her, and for the impatience to get her wedded and bound to the Lannister house to occupy Tywin's mind a little. Wights don't use swords, they're zombies. So anything with fluoro blue eyes beyond the wall that uses a sword is an Other.
714	oneeye	2011-04-18	I thought Viserys was too nice and not crazy enough, compared to the book but well played anyway.
715	EvilClosetMonkey	2011-04-18	I think people are giving Cersei much to much credit in her later anger at Jaime for tossing Bran. My take on it was at that moment she was 100 percent on board with his attempt to kill him. Only later, after Bran lives does she fault Jaime. This is classic Cersei. It's exactly how she has controlled Jaime thru-out their life. By being the "smart" one. Her later accusations ring hollow...What Cersei knows they have to fear is even the accusation. She knows Jaime's impulse to kill Bran was what she wanted.This /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
716	Eponine	2011-04-18	I don't really think it was necessary to bring the whole first blood thing into the TV show. It's enough for "tradition" to dictate that marrigae doesn't happen until the age of 15 or 16 as reason enough for Sansa and Joff to have a long engagement. But it can be put to good use later in her horror of discovering that she's started her period because it means she can be married off. I think that's more effective than having her be dreading her 15th birthday. Also ties in with how rushed the marriage is.
717	guyminuslife	2011-04-18	I'd seen probably half the episode from teasers, so I was already on board, but a few things popped out at me:- Kit Harington. It's hard to do a character like Jon Snow without coming off as whiny or petulant (I'm looking at you, Hayden Christensen!), but I think he does it deftly and believably. He's got to carry a lot of plot and I think he's more than up for it.- "The things I do for love." I liked NCW for most of the episode, basically up until that line. I'm not particularly nitpicky about the rest, but I felt his delivery there was dead wrong. I think even Jaime would treat the situation with a bit more levity. He might even look a little rueful while defenestrating Bran. But his attitude was more along the lines of, "Heh, one moment, gotta push a kid out the window." The act itself is pretty hateful, but with that attitude, I think it's going to be difficult to ever make Jaime a likeable character.
718	Kalbear	2011-04-18	Only later, after Bran lives does she fault Jaime.I believe that Jaime remarks she criticizes him as soon as it happens. There's not a whole lot of time for them to talk about it, anyway. Between Winterfell and KL, and that's about it.
719	fitheach	2011-04-18	One thing I really appreciated was this - the Michael Komarck art of Ned at the Godswood.Him at the Godswood was the single most striking image for me last night, and one of the reasons was that they, as far as I can tell, completely used Komarck's work as the inspiration for it. It was great seeing him polish the sword in this peaceful area, and I felt like I got more from Sean Bean on who Ned is right then than almost any other time.Plus it looked great.Funny, my husband (who never read the novels or is aware of the artworks)- thought that the Godswood scene was a bit fan fantasy cartoonish (his words). I loved it but can see his point, but he thought it looked like an obvious set.Someone that I feel deserves praise, but hasn't quite gotten enough, is Sophie Turner as Sansa. I think she is just spot on with her character.Agreed, I never liked the Sansa character but think Sophie already brought out much more than expected. The moment when Cersei asks if she got her period yet, the look on Sophie's/Sansa's face was priceless. She has a hard character to portray, so she probably wont be getting the adulation that Maise Williams or Issac Hempstead Wright may get.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 18 April 2011 - 08:15 PM.
720	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-04-18	I loved this! It was mostly as awesome as I expected it to be. Can't wait for the next episode!Some random observations:Loved the opening credits. Very creative and informative for those viewers not familiar with the geography of this world. I understand they will be different for each episode, travelling to the parts shown in that particular episode.Sean Bean is Eddard Stark. I'm not that sold on Michelle Fairley as Catelyn. Not to sound crass, but I imagined she would be more beautiful.Emilia Clarke as Dany! Yowza! I sure didn't mind the nudity, it showed her vulnerability (as well as her bum). Stunning girl! Heck, even Sansa was quite pretty, and now I feel like a dirty middle-aged man...All the Stark kid actors were good, even if we didn't see much of them all yet. Especially Bran stood out. I think Arya will be great too.I do wonder how they'll do the direwolves when they grow up. The CGI might look hokey. Or they can use clever camera angles with ordinary dogs, like they did in LotR. There is a promo pic with Sansa and Lady where her direwolf is plainly an ordinary sized dog. And how will Dany's CGI dragons look?Peter Dinklage's Tyrion was also very good, even if I like him better when he's being clever and not just whoring around.Somehow I had imagined Winterfell to be bigger and not so primitive with dirt floors and stuff.I was not completely sold on the Dothraki scenes, which didn't feel as impressive as I had imagined.They obviously took some liberties with the story, like the Jaime/Cersei scene in King's Landing or the Tyrion/Jaime/whores scene.I wonder how newbies will feel about all the new information being dumped here. Will they feel excited about this new world and its history or will they be just confused?The snow in the beginning didn't look quite real to me.There was a problem with not naming some of the characters, like Theon Greyjoy or Rodrik Cassel, although sometimes when they did it felt forced (albeit necessary for new viewers).The last scene; Somehow I never pictured them doing it doggy style!
721	Kalbear	2011-04-18	There is a promo pic with Sansa and Lady where her direwolf is plainly an ordinary sized dog.At the time of Lady's death that's about right.Somehow I had imagined Winterfell to be bigger and not so primitive with dirt floors and stuff.Guess you missed all the 'fresh rushes' talk.he last scene; Somehow I never pictured them doing it doggy style!They didn't in the book. It was an adaptation for the show, and the primary reason was so that you could have the big 'reveal' of it being Cersei that Jaime's fucking.
722	CryFenril	2011-04-18	I think having Robert diddle a serving wench in front of the whole room is part of the directors' efforts at showing that, while he may be a sympathetic character and a "good guy", he does have some major flaws - which go a long way toward giving Cersei reason to feel the way she does about him. Can't wait to see him "honor" her when he visits broken-legged Ned. That'll go even further.
723	Eponine	2011-04-18	Has anyone totally changed their mind about a character between book and TV show? Like they hated the character in the book, but love them in the TV show, or vice versa? I know that there are many minor quibbles about so-and-so didn't look quite right and wasn't portrayed quite right, or so-and-so was even more awesome or more awful than in the book, but any total changes of heart? I found that my book biases carried over to the show pretty heavily. The only character where I really feel completely differently is Sansa. I sympathized with book Sansa, felt that she was a perfectly normal girly 11 year old, didn't deserve all the hate that she got for being a naive child... I think that the aging up killed my sympathy, because I don't really feel for TV Sansa at all, and although I'm sure I'll still feel sorry for her when she's being abused later, I don't have any liking for her now.
724	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-04-18	Guess you missed all the 'fresh rushes' talk.The 'what' talk?
725	Balefont	2011-04-18	At the time of Lady's death that's about right.Guess you missed all the 'fresh rushes' talk.They didn't in the book. It was an adaptation for the show, and the primary reason was so that you could have the big 'reveal' of it being Cersei that Jaime's fucking.Maybe we need to categorize in a thread and then sticky it about things people keep bringing up which have already been explained/defended/covered.  If only I had the motivation to do it myself...
726	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-18	I just rewatched the ep for the third time. I liked it way better and there were some awesome details I didn't notice at first. For example, when the Others are chasing our two rangers in the woods, the whole time you can hear the sound of ice cracking and popping (not that I imagine the Others would be carrying on a conversation, but associating the ice cracking with them at the start was a neat detail). Also, I loved that the Silent Sisters had halos made of the seven-sided star, and their incense burners were in the shape of the seven sided star, too. Coolness.
And this time I finally saw the Unsullied everyone's been talking about.
					
					
							Edited by LugaJetBoyGirl, 18 April 2011 - 08:55 PM.
727	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	The 'what' talk?I'm hardly an expert on the subject, but rushes are a particular type of straw that medieval castles used to put on dirt floors for people to sleep on (most didn't have their own beds) to keep from getting too dirty; they also act as a primitive form of insulation.  They're suggestive of a very rustic existence.
728	Procrastimancer	2011-04-18	I love breasts as much as the next person and I am no prude, but the only thing that put me off the show was the amount of nudity throughout. The pacing seemed a bit slow, too, but I am not much bothered by that.
729	kairparavel	2011-04-18	I just rewatched the ep for the third time. I liked it way better and there were some awesome details I didn't notice at first. For example, when the Others are chasing our two rangers in the woods, the whole time you can hear the sound of ice cracking and popping (not that I imagine the Others would be carrying on a conversation, but associating the ice cracking with them at the start was a neat detail). Also, I loved that the Silent Sisters had halos made of the seven-sided star, and their incense burners were in the shape of the seven sided star, too. Coolness.And this time I finally saw the Unsullied everyone's been talking about.I am watching it for the second time and really really loved that. I just wished they looked more white and icey. Oh well.
730	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-04-18	I'm hardly an expert on the subject, but rushes are a particular type of straw that medieval castles used to put on dirt floors for people to sleep on (most didn't have their own beds) to keep from getting too dirty; they also act as a primitive form of insulation.  They're suggestive of a very rustic existence.Ah, thanks!But that's exactly where my expectations fell short. I imagined Winterfell to be a larger and, for lack of a better word, more luxurious castle, with stone floors. Wasn't it supposed to be heated by water from hot springs flowing through the walls?
731	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	Ah, thanks!But that's exactly where my expectations fell short. I imagined Winterfell to be a larger and, for lack of a better word, more luxurious castle, with stone floors. Wasn't it supposed to be heated by water from hot springs flowing through the walls?Yes, which helps to prevent them from freezing to death in the winter, but doesn't make the general existence any less rustic.  Winterfell is consistently described in the books as a simple, straightforward castle (hot springs heating system notwithstanding), with very little beyond the most basic amenities.
732	Phostopheles	2011-04-18	I think having Robert diddle a serving wench in front of the whole room is part of the directors' efforts at showing that, while he may be a sympathetic character and a "good guy", he does have some major flaws - which go a long way toward giving Cersei reason to feel the way she does about him. I think this was partly where I took issue with the representation of the Lannisters.  It gives Cersei a reason to be a bitch.  Not a particularly great reason, but the fact was that we never even learned about how resentful she was toward Robert's philandering until FfC.  It kind of killed the mystery around her character...maybe they'll at least keep us in the dark about later characters, like the Tyrells/Greyjoys/Martells.
733	jefe91	2011-04-18	Episode was great a couple of things that I feel were missed
- the dire wolves should have never left the Stark kids side's felt that the bond b/w Kids and wolves would have been shown better if they always around
- the pond in front of the heart tree was not a natural hot spring, other that that the god woods scene had to be the best in the episode
- not totally sold on the Danny story just yet, but it was not horrible
734	snake	2011-04-18	Just a comment on non-readers who watched the show.
My cousin who doesn't read much at all loved it.  He's looking forward to next Sunday.
My girlfriend hasn't read the books and she liked it as well.  She found it a little confusing at first but as the show went on she put together who's who and got what the story was about.  Her only comment was that the violence and sex was a little too graphic but not enough to turn her off.  She did force me to tell her the fate of Bran.  She was very shocked with that scene.  I pity her when the Starks really get it.
One funny comment she made was that she felt that GRRM was a bit of a perv because of all the incest and orgies.  I couldn't help but laugh and I told her I had to post about what she said.   /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> 
So that's two non-fans that liked the show at least.
735	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-18	I am watching it for the second time and really really loved that. I just wished they looked more white and icey. Oh well.Yeah, me too. I thought they looked like mud men. Either that or their skin is supposed to be the color of frost-bitten flesh. If I think about their appearance in frost-bite terms, it at least makes them a little more gruesome and creepy than I initially thought.
736	Volderon	2011-04-18	Yeah, me too. I thought they looked like mud men. Either that or their skin is supposed to be the color of frost-bitten flesh. If I think about their appearance in frost-bite terms, it at least makes them a little more gruesome and creepy than I initially thought.The way they were described in the book made it seem like they were "graceful." I still picture them as Voldemort-white-face-but-with-a-nose and with their blue armor and pretty tall, yet slim.
737	CryFenril	2011-04-18	GRRM never did shy away from graphic descriptions of sexual situations, but I do think HBO played it up a bit to strum the strings, so to speak. My hubby actually worked as a DJ in strip clubs for years, so bouncy bare breast-esies aren't exactly a shock to him, but he expressed his feeling that it was a wee bit overdone pretty succinctly. At one point he actually said "How many people f*ck in this movie?!? Jeez, this is worse than The Sopranos!" I laughed out loud. He has NO idea what he's in for...
738	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	Meh, clearly the White Walker seen in the prologue was a reverse albino, whom they sent as an advance scout because his condition makes him expendable.  His status as an outcast is clearly the impetus for the pangs of conscience that inspired him to let Will live (Will is clearly deformed, and triggered feelings of solidarity amongst outcasts, clearly a recurring theme in Martin's works).
It will be his contact with Ghost, an albino of a different sort, that will trigger an inter-species romance of Avatar-like proportions and pave the way to a lasting peace between Others and Man.
739	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	At one point he actually said "How many people f*ck in this movie?!? Jeez, this is worse than The Sopranos!" Answer: about as many as in Spartacus, but without the mirkins it would seem.
740	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	I actually thought the number of sex scenes in the premiere was more restrained than I was expecting, but I guess I'm weird.  The only sex scenes were the one with Tyrion (which, let's face it, is a very honest and natural way to introduce the character), and the scenes involving Dany as well as the dancers at her wedding.  I think that most of the reactions have been largely because of Dany's opening sequence, which was very much a Nude Scene, capital N, capital S, one where she was very uncomfortably and lengthily stripped of her clothes as the camera lingered on her body.  It was justified, though, and I would almost use the word "essential".  Her vulnerability and helplessness were very effectively communicated.
741	anne3624	2011-04-18	Did anyone else not like how HD and overfocused the settings were? I thought that it made the scenes look somewhat staged.   Uhhhh?....I was busy just seeing how they got the scenes right!.....It doesn't take much to make me happy, they hit it head on!
742	anne3624	2011-04-18	OMG!!!!! People! The scenes were dead on!.....some dialogue was actual from the book! What more can you ask for? It was exactly how I imagined it. I couldn't have asked for more. I just don't see how they could put all the details in 8....one hour episodes. After all, George did say he wrote the books to be unfilmable. I think they did a marvelous job! Bring on the rest! ...and George? get to writing for God's sake!
743	GaR	2011-04-18	This episode blew me away.  One of the best thigns I've ever seen on television.
There was very little I didn't like.  Illyrio, maybe.  Would've been nice to see him as flamboyantly ostentatious as in the book (and played by Ian NcNiece).  I mean, it wasn't a bad performance, by any means... he played off Harry Lloyd quite well.
744	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	How nerdy is it for me to want to watch this every night until episode 2, And then do the same with episode 2 until episode 3, and so on?
Announce season 2 already damnit!!
745	jefe91	2011-04-18	Did anyone else notice that ghost had red eyes, thought that was cool
746	silkymoonshine	2011-04-18	I think having Robert diddle a serving wench in front of the whole room is part of the directors' efforts at showing that, while he may be a sympathetic character and a "good guy", he does have some major flaws - which go a long way toward giving Cersei reason to feel the way she does about him. Can't wait to see him "honor" her when he visits broken-legged Ned. That'll go even further.I agree that it's probably why it was done, but it bothered me. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> There's a difference between him doing and everyone including Cersei knowing and him doing it front of her and everyone else. More than that, I don't see Cersei letting him do that to him. Someone in the book vs tv show said much better than I could why she wouldn't let him.Eponine, so far, I like the characters as much I liked them in this point of the series (except for Jaime). I only started liking Jon when he got more involved in the Night's Watch and not so sullen and 'woe is me, I'm a bastard' and I thought Sansa was annoying and boring in the first book. I think Sansa is being portrayed just like in the book, if a little bit more boy crazy. Was it me or did she give Jaime an appraising look? Maybe he was in the same direction as Joffrey, but I think she did it and I LOLed. Can't wait to see her reaction to Ser Loras.
747	DemiNymph	2011-04-18	Managed to procure it. *ahem* Peter Dinklage is so going to get an Emmy for this show. Love his Tyrion. He'd better get nominated and win! I don't have much complaints about the show except for where they let the casual viewer have the impression that The Other let Will live. That doesn't make sense at all. And Catelyn. No offence but I thought she'd be younger and better looking. This actress look too haggard, more like post disaster Bran Catelyn after she'd had her mental breakdown. It's no big deal thou, that's only for the first episode, she can look like this for the rest of the episodes and it will look right. But the kid who plays Arya does look like her. While Sansa doesn't. Oh well, I shan't quibble. Bran is just stellar. Sean Bean is his usual self, great acting. He should shampoo his hair and not try to do an impression of Professor Snape. I suppose it is too late now. Loving Robert, Cersei and Jamie. Not so sure about Jon for now, kinda dislike his stupid curly hair. Dany's bedding scene is just brutal even when I know it turned out for the best. For a modern woman, it is just hard to watch this sort of thing happening. Drogo is hot.
748	ZombieWife	2011-04-18	- The music.  Obviously a matter of opinion (i.e., some people didn't like it at all).  The main theme is rousing and atmospheric without being over the top.  The bit at the end as Bran made his climb was very well done.  But what really got me was the bombastic piece that accompanied Robert's entourage into Winterfell.  Wow!  That got the juices flowing. - The opening titles.  Put me firmly on the side that found the credits brilliantly executed and fascinating to watch.   I was mesmerized.As a music AND opening titles NERD, I am in full agreement with you.  I loved Carnivale's opening theme.  Loved Rome's.  Loved this.  (Think they're done by the same artistic team.)The music was really spectacular, imho.  I want the soundtrack NOW.
749	thorny throne	2011-04-18	I was watching with my 16 years old brother (I'm 29) and my dad, and at some point, I realized that dissecting Jaime and Cercei's fucking with them was a bit odd.
Anyway, we were all in agreement that it was a bit too much fucking, and bit too less desperate love-making as I've envisioned it. I think it is highly important to show how desperately in love they were in one another, and right now - you really don't get why they sleep together. Their union is maybe the driving force of the first book, everything that happened - Bran, Robert's death, Ned's death - happened because of that. This need to be important enough for them to risk everything for, I didn't get that yet, nor did Jaime convey his sick love and devotion for Cercei yet. Hopefully that would change.
750	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	Managed to procure it. *ahem* Peter Dinklage is so going to get an Emmy for this show. Love his Tyrion. He'd better get nominated and win! I don't have much complaints about the show except for where they let the casual viewer have the impression that The Other let Will live. That doesn't make sense at all. And Catelyn. No offence but I thought she'd be younger and better looking. This actress look too haggard, more like post disaster Bran Catelyn after she'd had her mental breakdown. It's no big deal thou, that's only for the first episode, she can look like this for the rest of the episodes and it will look right. But the kid who plays Arya does look like her. While Sansa doesn't. Oh well, I shan't quibble. Bran is just stellar. Sean Bean is his usual self, great acting. He should shampoo his hair and not try to do an impression of Professor Snape. I suppose it is too late now. Loving Robert, Cersei and Jamie. Not so sure about Jon for now, kinda dislike his stupid curly hair. Dany's bedding scene is just brutal even when I know it turned out for the best. For a modern woman, it is just hard to watch this sort of thing happening. Drogo is hot. Catelyn is an attractive woman who is of an age with Ned. They didn't have plastic surgery back then so I guess people have forgotten what real women look like in their late 40's / early 50's; especially post 5 kids and having to live with your husband's bastard child. She works for me.Will's desertion would be totally unbelievable if he hadn't seen a White Walker with his own eyes. And for him to be able to claim to have seen a white walker he'd need to be close enough that the only way he could realistically escape would be for them to let him go. It's the arrogance of an enemy who believes they are unstoppable, they don't care if their presence is known to the whole world, in fact they like it better that way. It also shows the White Walkers aren't mindless zombies, they are capable of thinking strategically and tactically. So the threat beyond the wall isn't just some generic zombie horror thing.
751	Eponine	2011-04-18	I think it is highly important to show how desperately in love they were in one another, and right now - you really don't get why they sleep together. Their union is maybe the driving force of the first book, everything that happened - Bran, Robert's death, Ned's death - happened because of that. This need to be important enough for them to risk everything for, I didn't get that yet, nor did Jaime convey his sick love and devotion for Cercei yet. Hopefully that would change.Totally agree with this. Didn't like how Jaime/Cersei sex was portrayed as rather impersonal, although I understand the reasons for filming it the way they did.
752	Ser_Pounce	2011-04-18	Well I loved it.  Sure, after watching the first episode three times there are things I could criticize such as the dry-humping and "three stooges" style fighting of the Dothraki wedding, but I'm unconvinced that there's any show that would hold up to that kind of scrutiny.  The acting and set/costume design was amazing; the structure of the storytelling is really hard to judge given that I know the books quite well, but it seemed effective.
I'm also extremely optimistic that it's just going to get better.  ASOIAF is ultimately a character drama, and all the major actors have nailed their parts.  Some unconvincing extras aren't going to impact the experience for the vast majority of viewers who will be focusing on the dialog between the main characters.
I do understand what some people have said about it feeling more like an extravagant piece of fan art than a new experience.  One can only get so "pulled into the story" when you already know what's going to happen.  I think later episodes will be a bit more engaging in this regard as the actors start to explore and develop the characters.   We know *what* is going to happen, but the emotional journey of the characters can still be new and exciting.  The same way I can still greatly enjoy a good production of MacBeth despite having both read and seen many times.
[edit] One character in particular I'm really looking forward to seeing develop is Tyrion.  Dinklage really seems to be both nailing the character of Tyrion and at the same time doing his own Tyrion.  Should be exciting and fun stuff to watch!
					
					
							Edited by Ser_Pounce, 18 April 2011 - 11:39 PM.
753	Lord Godric	2011-04-18	I thought I should write a formal review of this. So I shall: 
I am never the person to judge a book against it's film/tv adaptation because I just have accepted the fact that the film/show is NOT the book and can never be.  So minor changes do not bother me in the slightest.  I am not looking for the books exact, if I was I'd just read the books or listen to the audiobooks.  With that said, even though I am this type of viewer, I found very little wrong with the first episode.  I thought it set the stage fantastically for the rest of the season, and now that the informative episode is out of the way, I look forward to the action and intrigue ones. 
The things I loved:
- The Stark children (with the exception of Sansa) all were exactly how I imagined them and the actors really seem to understand their characters.  Arya and Bran particularly were fantastic.
- Harry Lloyd as Viserys was the unexpected star for me.  He portrayed Viserys to near perfection.  The creepy incestuous relationship as well as the desperate deposed king willing to sell his own flesh and blood for his throne.  He effectively portrayed that character, and I think many people will cheer when he is killed. 
- Speaking of cheering at character deaths, Joffrey has said nothing yet, but he certainly looks like the smug little prat that Joffrey is supposed to be.  I can't wait to cheer at his death too. 
- Tyrion and Jaime Lannister's characters were fantastic.  I expected to like Peter Dinklage as Tyrion and he did not let me down. And I find myself liking Nikolaj Coster-Waldau as Jaime.  He definitely captures the flippant, careless aspect of Jaime.  Lets hope he can pull off badass fighting Jaime too.  The "things I do for love" scene was amazing.  I loved Cersei's panic and Jaime just be chill about it saying "I heard you the first time" and judging the situation and then just carelessly pushing Bran out the window without looking.  
The only thing I didn't like:
- Sansa.  Watching her scenes were a little painful. The scene with her, Cersei and Catelyn was probably my least favorite of the show.  I hope Sophie Turner does a better job with Sansa in the later episode.
754	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	Totally agree with this. Didn't like how Jaime/Cersei sex was portrayed as rather impersonal, although I understand the reasons for filming it the way they did.I actually thought it was entirely appropriate for what that particular sex was supposed to be, a stolen quickie in an unfamiliar, semi-dangerous setting.  It's probably not the best way to communicate that the two are actually quite intimate and in many ways see each other as their one-and-only, but that's information that can be imparted later, and isn't contradicted by the scene (many loving couples will of course very often have sex that approximates impersonality).  The mechanics of what position they were in, I have to personally say, don't particularly concern me.
755	TheEvilKing	2011-04-19	And I find myself liking Nikolaj Coster-Waldau as Jaime.  He definitely captures the flippant, careless aspect of Jaime.  Lets hope he can pull off badass fighting Jaime too.  The "things I do for love" scene was amazing.  I loved Cersei's panic and Jaime just be chill about it saying "I heard you the first time" and judging the situation and then just carelessly pushing Bran out the window without looking.  I'm not completely sold on NCW yet. He has the arrogance and carelessness down, and you can tell he's lethal, but he just doesn't seem as charismatic as Jaime. Nor did I like his delivery of that infamous line.Also, Bran's fall looked so fake. I was thinking they'd show him lying on the ground, his legs twisted at some kinda fucked up angles, Summer howling. The ending was really abrupt.
756	Jon of the Wall	2011-04-19	I think what many of the race-baiters on this board are missing with regard to the Dothraki is that, while there may be a certain overall look to a Dothraki, they absorb the races of the people they conquer.  If I recall, any of the women that they do not kill are taken in as slaves.  This would lead to a lot of different colored people running around.  
I really don't think it is a case of "any darkie will do".
757	DemonKing	2011-04-19	Saw a great comment from a non-reader on another forum that had me LOLing:So what I gathered plot wise: Sean Bean is busy being cold blooded cool in the north. Has a few kids. Some bro is killed by incestuous brother and sister (who is married to some guy) they go up to ask Sean Bean about being their right hand man. Meanwhile, two grown up kids from Village of the Damned get fucked by a large Mortal Kombat character in order to attack some kingdom. Is this right?Overall, I thought they did a good job - although how the hell that Black Brother from the intro managed to get away from the Others to be beheaded by Ned Stark I'll never know.Also, I always envisaged the tower Bran was thrown from being a bit higher up than it was.
758	kn32	2011-04-19	Saw a great comment from a non-reader on another forum that had me LOLing:So what I gathered plot wise: Sean Bean is busy being cold blooded cool in the north. Has a few kids. Some bro is killed by incestuous brother and sister (who is married to some guy) they go up to ask Sean Bean about being their right hand man. Meanwhile, two grown up kids from Village of the Damned get fucked by a large Mortal Kombat character in order to attack some kingdom. Is this right?Overall, I thought they did a good job - although how the hell that Black Brother from the intro managed to get away from the Others to be beheaded by Ned Stark I'll never know.Also, I always envisaged the tower Bran was thrown from being a bit higher up than it was. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />   Can we start a movement to get that stuck on the back cover of all new editions of GoT, please? I think I could die happy if that happens.+ Viserys stands out more and more as the most impressive character on screen with each additional viewing. If the Khal had different sexual tastes, then Viserys could be the one getting fucked by a large mortal kombat character and play a larger role.
					
					
							Edited by kn32, 19 April 2011 - 01:56 AM.
759	Joy Angels	2011-04-19	Hi there.
I loved it. Wonderful adaptation, almost perfect, amazing experience. The little differences don't bother me - for example the Targaryen's eyes, Jon's curly hair, even the overaged Catelyn. I think everything was just fine but the Dothraki line - I feel them like a really big disappointment. I've expected to see some kind of Mongol-Tatar horde, but saw an authentic Zulu tribe. There are enough races in the book - the people in the Summer Islands are black, those in Westeros are white, the Dothraki are like Mongols/Tatars/Native Americans, those in Penthos and in Dorn have to be mediterranean type... And Khal Drogo didn't rape his young wife after the wedding. Quite disturbing, I think. :/
760	kn32	2011-04-19	Hi there.I loved it. Wonderful adaptation, almost perfect, amazing experience. The little differences don't bother me - for example the Targaryen's eyes, Jon's curly hair, even the overaged Catelyn. I think everything was just fine but the Dothraki line - I feel them like a really big disappointment. I've expected to see some kind of Mongol-Tatar horde, but saw an authentic Zulu tribe. There are enough races in the book - the people in the Summer Islands are black, those in Westeros are white, the Dothraki are like Mongols/Tatars/Native Americans, those in Penthos and in Dorn have to be mediterranean type... And Khal Drogo didn't rape his young wife after the wedding. Quite disturbing, I think. :/You're definitely not alone with your listed disappointments, especially the dany/drogo consummation scene. It's been the most hotly debated change, so much so that it needed its own thread. Personally, I didn't mind the change. He wasn't exactly brutal with her, you could see attempts on his part to soothe and comfort her. So he wasn't the utter monster you could imagine a man of his type and position being, but he did force his way with her in the end.I don't think the audience, especially the females, will ever warm up much to the Khal, but I can definitely see reasons why Dany will, despite the rape.Welcome to the board, btw. Hope you stick around and continue sharing /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
761	CloudFlare	2011-04-19	I just rewatched the ep for the third time. I liked it way better and there were some awesome details I didn't notice at first. For example, when the Others are chasing our two rangers in the woods, the whole time you can hear the sound of ice cracking and popping (not that I imagine the Others would be carrying on a conversation, but associating the ice cracking with them at the start was a neat detail). Also, I loved that the Silent Sisters had halos made of the seven-sided star, and their incense burners were in the shape of the seven sided star, too. Coolness.I think the cracking sounds were the Others talking or yelling to each other as they hunt down Will and Gared. In the books Will describes their voices as something like harsh breaking or cracking ice and glass. "Yo, Bob! Which one should we decapitate and which one should we let go south?"ETA: I want to be pillow slave to Emilia Clarke and Lena Heady.
					
					
							Edited by King Bread, 19 April 2011 - 03:59 AM.
762	kn32	2011-04-19	I think the cracking sounds were the Others talking or yelling to each other as they hunt down Will and Gared. In the books Will describes their voices as something like harsh breaking or cracking ice and glass. "Yo, Bob! Which one should we decapitate and which one should we let go south?"If you look closely, you can also see that the Other has a crystal sword. That's one detail about them that got through from the books. Best shot to see it is when Gared is decapitated.
763	Sir Thursday	2011-04-19	Hmm, I really shouldn't have done all the feverish anticipation I've been doing for the last year and a half - definitely felt a bit of a let down watching this. Perhaps it was that I had already seen so much of the pilot through the preview clips and such that there wasn't very much new stuff to see, but this didn't feel quite as gripping as I'd hoped. I still enjoyed it, I guess, but not as much as I was expecting. Specifically, my gripes are these:1) The opening sequence was too long. We had what, 7-8 minutes of beyond the Wall stuff? Now, I appreciate that with the lack of action in this episode there was a need for something like this to kick things off, but this first episode needed to be as introductory as it possibly could. Would have preferred them to cut a couple of minutes off it if it would have given them more time to spend on fleshing out the characters a bit more. That time could have been better spent giving us a chance to meet Joffrey/The Hound, for example. They might have been able to squeeze in the duelling scene (although I'm not sure whether that would still work given how they've aged up the actors...).2) NCW can't do a British accent properly. Throughout, there was an obvious (to my ear, anyway) Danish twang to it that prevented me from enjoying his scenes all that much. It also felt like he mis-delivered some pretty critical lines - "or is it the other way round?" was mumbled slightly, so that it didn't have the humourous effect it could have had, and I'm pretty sure they could have done "the things I do for love" better. There was no wist or wonder or regret or surprise or any emotion, really. And without that, the line doesn't make any sense. I always read it as Jaime having a mixture of surprise and resignation as he realised just how far he was willing to go for Cersei, but none of that was conveyed by NCW's delivery.3) The Hound doesn't really get shown as a proper character. They had that nice little conversation between Sandor and Tyrion before the hunting party leaves, but there was no way to link that conversation with the guy in the awesome suit of armour, because we never really got a close up of him in either scene. Until someone else mentioned it on the 'net afterwards, I didn't even realise who it was telling Tyrion his conquests didn't count. I think that's a bit of a shame - by not linking the two together (and unless a non-reader was watching this with someone who had read the books, I don't see how any of them would realise), people will not remember him from this ep. Just look at the recaps - none of them talk about him! And they could have been.4) They didn't explain who Theon was properly. Would have saved a lot of confusion for new viewers if they'd said something about him being a ward somewhere.5) A couple of Bran's climbing shots looked a bit too fake. For the most part I was satisfied with the CGI, but Bran's climbing antics after spotting the King's arrival broke my suspension of disbelief.6) Benjen's introduction felt too sudden and extraneous. Benjen suddenly appears out of the night and has a couple of nice scenes with Jon and Ned. But he comes in after we'd got through the "Introduction Phase" of the pilot. It felt jarring to be introduced to another character this late in the episode without some kind of establishing statement/shot. They could have either (a) dropped some dialogue to the effect of "Your uncle Benjen should be coming down from the wall for this." or (/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> shown him in Castle Black before the rangers go through the wall in the prologue scene. Then, the character would have had his introduction and it would have fitted to have him show up when he did.Anyway, enough of the gripes. On to things I liked:1) Good locational continuity. I was expecting more jumps between locations, but I thought that the episode did a good job of spending a fair amount of contiguous time in Pentos, which helped introduce the location very well.2) Managed to introduce a lot of the characters without too much infodumping. It's always difficult having to introduce a lot of characters at once, something compounded by the fact that the setting is somewhat alien as well. But in a lot of circumstances the actors did a great job of selling their characters and relationships without too much dialogue. We see Cat's longing to have a highborn lady of similar stature to talk to in the way that she tries to be welcoming to Cersei, and Cersei's coldness in the way she ignores her. We see Arya's michievousness, Joffrey's smugness, Daenarys' innocence and lack of control through similar techniques, and come to think of it, Ned doesn't really say all that much either, despite being in a lot of conversations. The fact that the acting performances are good enough to pull this off saves a lot of time that otherwise would have been spent tediously explaining things.There are a lot fewer likes than dislikes, but that's because I was already spoiled on many of the potential likes already - I knew the locations were going to be individual and interesting, I knew the credit sequence was going to be a bit different, I knew the plot so the twist at the end didn't have any shock value. Hopefully subsequent episodes will be more balanced.ST
764	Brude	2011-04-19	It was the throne room. You can just see the Iron Throne over Jon Arryn's body. I was a little surprised it wasn't in a sept but I think it was done thematic purposes.It was done so they didn't have to spend another $1 million or $2 million dollars building an indoor Great Sept of Baelor set that would only get used for a single, 2 minute scene in Season 1.  Besides, the throne room is a reasonable place one might have The Hand of the King lying in State.  We put Presidents and Speakers of the House and such under the dome of the Capitol Building in DC.
765	Josquius	2011-04-19	Oh, and never mentioned earlier, who was it playing Illyrio?I said I recognised him and my mam claimed he was the guy from Knightmare. Checking up though it doesn't match.2) NCW can't do a British accent properly. Throughout, there was an obvious (to my ear, anyway) Danish twang to it that prevented me from enjoying his scenes all that much. It also felt like he mis-delivered some pretty critical lines - "or is it the other way round?" was mumbled slightly, so that it didn't have the humourous effect it could have had, and I'm pretty sure they could have done "the things I do for love" better. There was no wist or wonder or regret or surprise or any emotion, really. And without that, the line doesn't make any sense. I always read it as Jaime having a mixture of surprise and resignation as he realised just how far he was willing to go for Cersei, but none of that was conveyed by NCW's delivery.I forgot to mention this earlier.Yes, he sounded wrong. Not so much Danish as American- but then when most Scandinavians and Dutch speak English they do it with a sort of off-American.
					
					
							Edited by Josquius, 19 April 2011 - 06:32 AM.
766	Maltaran	2011-04-19	Roger Allam is his name, and you're not the only one to think he looks like Treguard.
767	Valmy	2011-04-19	So what I gathered plot wise: Sean Bean is busy being cold blooded cool in the north. Has a few kids. Some bro is killed by incestuous brother and sister (who is married to some guy) they go up to ask Sean Bean about being their right hand man. Meanwhile, two grown up kids from Village of the Damned get fucked by a large Mortal Kombat character in order to attack some kingdom. Is this right?Glad to see the basics of the plot were effectively communicated  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
768	Ormond	2011-04-19	The norm is 12-14 today, but can vary from 9-17 in the most extreme cases. If we add your fact that the periods have come earlier and earlier with time (or probably rather with better living standards) we find that complaining about Sansa hasn't had her first yet at 13 is an extremely odd nit-pick.And the same thing has happened with male puberty. Beard growth on average starts at a much earlier age today than it did in past centuries. In ancient Rome, there was a celebration when a young man first shaved, and surviving records show this ceremony usually happening around age 21, which would be extremely late for a man to start shaving in modern times.The "aging" of the children from the books is the best change the writers of the TV series could have made, IMHO. Someone mentioned above how GRRM himself regretted his decision to drop the five year gap because of how young it will make Bran, Arya, and Sansa when they do some of the things he has planned for them. This will make things much worse, but he already had been really unrealistic with the ages he has kids doing and thinking certain things in AGOT and the other early books. This even extends to very minor characters -- in A Storm of Swords he has Davos' son starting to shave at around age 12, which would be unusually young for modern times, and incredibly young for a medieval world. I think GRRM took the idea that living through extremely traumatic events makes kids "grow up fast" way too literally when he created his characters. I think that children in these situations may seem more adult emotionally than we expect children to be because they aren't as naive as most kids are. But living through trauma doesn't make kids "grow up faster" intellectually. (Actually there is a theory that girls go through menarche a bit sooner on average when living in very violent environments, with our genes programming us to reproduce early if chances of death at a young age are high. But the influences of poor nutrition and rampant childhood infectious disease in delaying puberty that one finds in pre-modern times would have been a much larger factor.)
769	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-19	As for your theory (the iron swords in the crypt will be useful as a weapons cache against the Others later in the books), I doubt it. There's little difference between iron and steel and both are forged in a similar manner so one shouldn't be more linked to fire than the other. The Others are not spirits of the dead and we've already found something they are vulnerable to (obsidian) so I doubt the iron swords have any relevance. If they were to play a big part I also suspect GRRM would have brought it up.Actually, we have evidence that steel is NOT effective against the White Walkers (duel in prologue, where WW chuckles while his weapon steadily freezes SerWR's steel blade until it simply shatters) and in Jon's confrontation with the wight in L.C. Mormont's tower (where his steel blade severs the wight's hand, and the hand continues to attack, he viciously slices the wight across the face and the wight doesn't react whatsoever). He eventually wins this fight with a burning curtain. I would also submit that GRRM has brought this up as much as he hints about other clues in his books, which is to say, very, very subtly. In addition to the two outright confrontations where steel is proven ineffectual, we have Old Nan, in one of her stories, tell Bran that the Others are afraid of Iron and Fire. We have the specific description of the iron swords binding the Kings in the Crypt. Jon actually has a dream in which these Kings are free and moving around (which is possible if the swords are removed). These clues are sort of pounding the iron nail, IMO. He even gives it an extra little tap: When Robb leaves to go south and Rickon finds out he is leaving, he goes a little nuts, hides in the crypt, and brandishes one of the iron swords at the guards who come to fetch him. A little bitty kid brandishing a rusty, but still heavy iron sword?? Seems farfetched. But it happened.*edited for spelling.
					
					
							Edited by JackintheBeanstalk, 19 April 2011 - 10:04 AM.
770	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Actually, we have evidence that steel is NOT effective against the White Walkers (duel in prologue, where WW chuckles while his weapon steadily freezes SerWR's steel blade until it simply shatters) and in Jon's confrontation with the wight in L.C. Mormont's tower (where his steel blade severs the wight's hand, and the hand continues to attack, he viciously slices the wight across the face and the wight doesn't react whatsoever). He eventually wins this fight with a burning curtain. I would also submit that GRRM has brought this up as much as he hints about other clues in his books, which is to say, very, very subtly. In addition to the two outright confrontations where steel is proven ineffectual, we have Old Nan, in one of her stories, tell Bran that the Others are afraid of Iron and Fire. We have the specific description of the iron swords binding the Kings in the Crypt. Jon actually has a dream in which these Kings are free and moving around (which is possible if the swords are removed). These clues are sort of pounding the iron nail, IMO. He even gives it an extra little tap: When Robb leaves to go south and Rickon finds out he is leaving, he goes a little nuts, hides in the crypt, and brandishes one of the iron swords at the guards who come to fetch him. A little bitty kid brandishing a rusty, but still heavy iron sword?? Seems farfetched. But it happened.*edited for spelling.I already argued from the point that steel is ineffective against The Others and my point is that steel is just iron with some carbon content (<2%). There's no reason to think that iron has anything to do with heat that steal hasn't.The important thing we've learned about both The Others and the wights are that they are vulnerable to heat. The wight was set on fire and died and the Other that was killed was stabbed by obsidian, which is volcanic glass (the link to fire/heat is obvious). My point is that iron does not play with the weaknesses we've been given at all and we know that a human hero had to seek out the Children of the Forest the last time The Others marched on Westeros because men had nothing to stop them with. The Children didn't use metals so they wouldn't be using iron against them, they would just use their obsidian weapons.I'm not saying that you're wrong because that's impossible to say until we've read the books, but I don't think anything points towards that iron has anything to do with the others.
771	Isabella Stark	2011-04-19	Of course it's a fictional world regardless, so maybe menstrual cycles are delayed in Westeros!In Westseros, Mentrual cycles, like the seasons are very irregular.  You'll have long stretches of no period (without being pregnant), and when it comes, it lasts for weeks. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Also, I really liked Daenearys's hair at her wedding.
772	Xenophon	2011-04-19	I already argued from the point that steel is ineffective against The Others and my point is that steel is just iron with some carbon content (<2%). There's no reason to think that iron has anything to do with heat that steal hasn't.It's all magic anyway, so that hardly matters.  And if Old Nan did say the Others are afraid of iron, then that's probably significant.  Also the dragons are described as having a connection to both fire and iron, so it's not out of nowhere. Anyway, my main reason for posting was that I spoke to a friend who had never read the books, but watched the show, and I wanted to give his take:He liked the show.  Said it was a little confusing at first, but generally pretty clear.  His first (snarky) comment was that he didn't think there was enough incest.  His main question was how Viserys and Dany were connected back to the main plot.  He got that they were an exiled royal family, but it wasn't perfectly clear to him that Robert had usurped them recently.  His favorite character was Viserys, who he referred to as the "evil blond douchebag".Some of the things that I thought were confusing didn't bother him at all.  In particular, he had no problem with how Will got south of the Wall.  He said he figured he just ran back through one of those tunnels and kept running.
773	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-19	I'm not saying that you're wrong because that's impossible to say until we've read the books, but I don't think anything points towards that iron has anything to do with the others.That's alright, I'm not really trying to argue, but I feel that I have defended my theory at last, rather than just throwing it out there without supporting evidence.
774	Kalbear	2011-04-19	If this thread has any guide the Others will be afraid of Iron, Fire and Menses.
775	Aoife	2011-04-19	To be honest, I wouldn't really blame them.
776	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	New to this community but not the books.  I actually came to the books after all four had already been published, so I didn't have to wait until I finished the fourth one.  Then I had to wait four years!Anyway, I was at first disappointed with the show.  I think part of it was elevated expectations (I should have learned my lesson with Star Wars Episode I!) and the other part was that I had followed it so closely that I had basically already seen half the episode.  I had to stop myself last night because I started reading through the spoiler chapters for Dragons posted on this site, don't want to suffer the same disappointment.After thinking about it, though, and reading through many of these posts, I have changed my mind.  I was definitely focusing too much on what I didn't like as opposed to what I did like. And some of what I didn't like at first I have changed my stance on in retrospect.  I've only been able to view it once since I don't have HBO, so all of this analysis is based on memory and is therefore subject to much error.Here is my list:Things I unexpectedly liked on first impression:1. Viserys: His portrayal in the show, in my opinion, is a far more subtle and believable performance than what the books gave us.  Seeing as how he was largely an ancillary character who is quickly gone, that was not really a problem, he doesn't need to be too nuanced, but I like what the actor has done with him and think it adds to the show.2. Dany:  An amazing actress who shows so much with just her face.  I can't love this enough.3. Bran/Arya: Great acting displayed by these kids and they seem to embody their respective characters, wouldn't change a thing about them.4. NCW as Jaime: Didn't know too much about this actor, but I was blown away by his performance.  For those complaining that he is too flippant, I think you forget just how flippant and arrogant Jaime was pre-Brienne.  You are retroactively giving him more credit than he is due here because of his character development.  I hated Jaime until after ASOS. "The things I do for love" was delivered exactly how I imagined it (discounting sexual positioning and the lack of dialogue (which is unnecessary since they established Jaime/Cersei's involvement in Arryn's death earlier)).  I know the book says with loathing, but I don't think that means Jaime was really that upset about it.  Even in his flashbacks on the subject, he never feels guilty for pushing Bran.  He only regrets it because Cersei nags him about it, not because he feels bad.  I don't think Jaime wouldn't have thought twice about what he did if it wasn't for Cersei.  The way the line was delivered perfectly captures that dynamic.5. Cersei: I wasn't expecting much from her, since Cersei is basically a one-dimensional scheming bitch in the first book (as portrayed by others).  They way she is portrayed on screen gives her a lot of humanity that I never noticed until we started reading her point of view much later on.  I think this is better for the format we are in, where you can't manage the viewpoint through which you see a character.  It works in the books because Martin writes from first person point of view with each character, so you know that personal bias is introduced.  It doesn't work that way with a TV show, where it is presented as unbiased third person perspective.Things I expected to like and delivered:1. Visuals, locations, effects, etc.2. Ned and Robert: Both actors embody their characters and do a good job of portraying their close relationship.3. Opening titlesThings I expected to like and fell flat:1. Tyrion: I was all pumped for this, and maybe I raised my expectations too much.  Also, it is early, so I'm sure he will grow on me as he is developed.  I think he was just too frat boy for me, though, and his scene with Jon cut his best line, "Not all bastards need be dwarves" (would that line really have made the show go too long?).  I'm hoping for more, but this first episode didn't do it for me.2. The Prologue:  Lots of needless changes that didn't add anything in terms of action, time saving or world development.  I agree this could have been shortened to make more room for the rest of the episode.  And Will getting away makes no sense whatsoever.  He is KNEELING in the snow not 15 feet away from the Others.  Maybe they let him live, but that seems implausible.3. Finding the Direwolves: Not sure it could have been done better, but the scene didn't mesh with me very well.  The dead stag on the road seemed fake, and why would they go off into the woods to find out what killed it?  Why would they care?  I think you could have done it in a more believable way, but not sure what that way is.Things I didn't like at first but now do:1. Dany and Drogo: Originally, I was in the "Hate this" camp.  However, the more I read it, the more the book scene doesn't really make that much sense, even with the inner dialogue.  I also don't think that this means their relationship can't become loving.  I am now convinced this is better for the TV medium and I am glad they showed they are willing to change things that just won't work for TV (it is more willinglikely to be successful this way).2. Cat: I didn't like her transformation from the book, but I think it works better with the limited time they are given.  It is easier to have her always be opposed to Ned leaving than to have her flip-flop on the issue.  I also now like the angel/devil on the shoulder bit, as it showcases the positives that the television medium can bring to the story.  I still think Maester Luwin was too forward with Ned, but that is a minor thing.Things I still don't like:1. Tyrion's whorehouse scene: I just think that the four extra whores running in topless was gratuitous.  The rest of the scene I am fine with, it establishes character, but that last part is obviously thrown in for thrills and unnecessary. If he had to give Tyrion four more women, why did they have to be milling around outside topless?  I get why they did it, but that doesn't mean I have to like it.2. The Dothraki wedding: It just seemed hokey, even though it was pretty accurate to the book.  Don't know why the meat had to look rotten, nothing in the book says the Dothraki can't get fresh meat to eat.  I understand Dany getting the "Wind" from Drogo was cut for time, but I felt it was important enough they could have cut something else, like bits of the prologue.3. Robb: I don't know, he is nothing like I pictured him.  I guess he didn't do a lot, but until I see more of him I just don't like him (and Robb was one of my favorite characters).Things I'm on the fence about:1. Jon Snow:  I never liked the look of him from released photos, and his performance so far is average at best.  Of course, it is hard to play an emotional teenager without coming across as stupid, just ask Hayden Christenson.  As I recall, I didn't care much for Snow in the books either till he became his own man on the wall, so I am still pretty hopeful for his character.2. The Hound: I totally missed his scene with Tyrion because I was distracted, but the helmet was a little fake looking (mainly due to the bouncing.  If he is as unimposing as others describe then I will be disappointed, but I need to see more of him first to form a strong opinion.edited for grammar
					
					
							Edited by ChrisPwildcat, 19 April 2011 - 12:01 PM.
777	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	He liked the show.  Said it was a little confusing at first, but generally pretty clear.  His first (snarky) comment was that he didn't think there was enough incest.  His main question was how Viserys and Dany were connected back to the main plot.  He got that they were an exiled royal family, but it wasn't perfectly clear to him that Robert had usurped them recently.  His favorite character was Viserys, who he referred to as the "evil blond douchebag".So what he didn't find was clear then was that king Aerys was killed when he was usurped?That's alright, I'm not really trying to argue, but I feel that I have defended my theory at last, rather than just throwing it out there without supporting evidence.That's good, I enjoyed reading what you wrote and figuring out if I personally felt it was likely or not. Feel free to gloat if you happen to be right. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
778	Xenophon	2011-04-19	So what he didn't find was clear then was that king Aerys was killed when he was usurped?He didn't realize there was a king Aerys.  I think he first thought Viserys actually was the king that was usurped, then realized that wasn't right, and then just wasn't sure how exactly he was connect to Robert et al.
779	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	So what he didn't find was clear then was that king Aerys was killed when he was usurped?I imagine he didn't understand that they were the Targaryens, or who the Targaryens were (even if he heard Robert's quote, it is conceivable that he didn't make the connection that he was worried about them because they were the former royal family, they could have been some sort of evil monster or his arch rivals or something).I thought the Targaryen connection was a little too quickly made in the episode, but there was enough there to lay the groundwork for future episodes.
780	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-19	@ChrisPWildcat: Exceptionally nice writeup. I happen to agree with most of what you wrote, especially WRT Tyrion's whorehouse scene. Tyrion, while a serial cocksman, has always come across as a man who hooks up with one woman at a time, and treats her with genuine affection. Not a menage kind of guy. Oh well, small quibble, could very well be a device to plant one first impression of his character with the audience, only to swivel it around later, which is fated for a great number of these characters after all.
I didn't think the meat at the wedding looked rotten, just well cooked. I think Dany was a little startled by the flies, but hey, it's just an introduction to her new life, which will be lived for the most part outdoors.
781	Xenophon	2011-04-19	5. Cersei: I wasn't expecting much from her, since Cersei is basically a one-dimensional scheming bitch in the first book (as portrayed by others).  They way she is portrayed on screen gives her a lot of humanity that I never noticed until we started reading her point of view much later on.  I think this is better for the format we are in, where you can't manage the viewpoint through which you see a character.  It works in the books because Martin writes from first person point of view with each character, so you know that personal bias is introduced.  It doesn't work that way with a TV show, where it is presented as unbiased third person perspective.I don't remember Cersei from AGoT well at all, but I agree completely that for TV it works better to show her as a complex and somewhat sympathetic character.  Her disgust/inability to control Robert's behavior was key to establishing the power dynamic between men and women in the show.  And it was probably also the best way to show us the moral complexity in Ned's decision to support Robert.  Rahter than just telling us that Robert is a bad king, Cersei shows us that he hurts his family and obviously has offended a powerful noble house that otherwise should have been among his strongest supporters.  And perhaps most importantly, it helps make sense of her and Jaime.  You can have the twincest be a complete surprise in the novels, where everything is in POV, but in a TV show, I think there needs to be some connection between it and the way the characters act in other scenes.  All in all, I thought Cersei was a great character in the show.  If this is a major revision (as some people are saying), then it's one I approve of.
782	Valmy	2011-04-19	Her disgust/inability to control Robert's behavior was key to establishing the power dynamic between men and women in the show.How does being disgusted by your spouse and being unable to control him or her establish power dynamics?  That sounds like a problem in many marriages across many different cultures.
783	Lord Tywin	2011-04-19	Dany's bedding scene is just brutal even when I know it turned out for the best. For a modern woman, it is just hard to watch this sort of thing happening. Drogo is hot. Come now, being uncomfortable watching a young teenage girl being denuded isn't the exclusive domain of women. This thirty-something (completely hetero) male squirmed a bit upon seeing her breast-baring scenes. I also recall being a little unsettled when, years ago, I read the Drogo-Dany sex scene in the novel.Of course, my reaction could change if I found out the actress is much older than she looks...
784	Xenophon	2011-04-19	How does being disgusted by your spouse and being unable to control him or her establish power dynamics?  That sounds like a problem in many marriages across many different cultures.Cersei + the Viserys/Dany relationship showed the position of women in the show pretty well, I thought.  This is a world where women have it rough.  They get married off to solidify political alliances, and if their husbands are jerks, there's very little they can (officially) do about it.  I thought it was brilliant to pair the over-the-top cruelty of Viserys towards his sister, with the more subtle cruelty of Robert towards Cersei.  In both cases, the women are humiliated by their situation, but they persevere and find a way to survive.  IMO, it brought the two plots together thematically, and helped unify the episode.
785	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	In both cases, the women are humiliated by their situation, but they persevere and find a way to survive.  IMO, it brought the two plots together thematically, and helped unify the episode.Well put, that is how I perceived it as well.
786	Myrish swan	2011-04-19	I loved it. The pace, the actors, everything.
I especially liked Lena Heady as Cersei. I think she gave a quiet dignity to the part that Cersei often lacks (but I think, should have) in the books. Also, Michelle Fairly was great as Catelyn. Though I think in some of her actions they seem to be trying to make her a more sympathetic, "womanly" figure, rather than the stoical, hard as nails woman she was in the books. (For instance, her quiet protests against the beheading, her desire for him not to go South, etc.) The fact that she is both "hard" in pursuing her duties and what is expected of her and her family and simultaneously a loving wife and mother is what makes her such an interesting, dynamic character in my mind. But perhaps people will find the Catelyn devoid of her hardness, proactiveness, and family ambition more sympathetic in the TV version. 
Anyway, I loved Jaime and Tyrion as well, although the scene with the dozen hookers was a bit heavy handed in some respects. (Though it did show the closeness between the brothers quite well, as others have said.)
My one small problem is Ned. He seems a little bit more of an "action man" in this show than he seemed in the books-- that is, cocky, sardonic, boastful, awesome at fighting and athletic pursuits, snarky, etc. Of course, we haven't seen much of him so far, and my feelings are not based on much. In particular I was bothered by his line to Jaime, "I don't like to fight in tournaments, because when I fight a man for real, I don't like him to know what I can do." That line, and Sean Bean's delivery, were just not the Ned of the books to me. 
One interesting thing about book Ned, in addition to his surface stoicism hiding his intense emotions, is the fact that he's really not a conventional hero. He was not the original heir to Winterfell, and as it notes, he's not particularly tall, and is fairly plain looking. In addition, he's not particularly charming; he seems somewhat shy and socially awkward. (When LF bates him in AGoT, he is not particularly witty.) Most of all, he's only really an average fighter, and is thus not really all that boastful. That line seemed to make him more witty/ confident/ and physically strong than he ever was in the books. So...yeah. Maybe I'm making to much of one little line, but since the Jaime exchange seemed like a character forming moment, it just struck me the wrong way.
Anyway, overall I loved it.
					
					
							Edited by Myrish swan, 19 April 2011 - 12:35 PM.
787	Jon M	2011-04-19	Like others, I'm new to the forum and was lucky enough to come to the series either right before or right after Feast was published. I have been waiting, impatiently, for Dance. I just started AGoT again so that I'll have finished Feast right about the time Dance is delivered /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I haven't the time nor patience to read through everything that's been written so far, so I'll probably repeat things that have already been said. As far as this first episode, I was not as impressed as I'd hoped to be. Most of the details stray far from the book, from scene settings, to who said what, right down to the Stark sigil, which is supposed to be a running Direwolf not just a head, being wrong. The entire scene where they found the Direwolf pups was wrong, wrong, wrong! They referenced things but left them unexplained, like "waking the dragon". And they basically made it look like Drogo raped Daenerys, which is unfortunate as that may have been one of the best scenes early in the book, with a look into Drogo's character that you'll never really get to see again. I am also unimpressed with much of the acting. 3/4 of the actors seem to be uncomfortable with their characters and their lines. I'm somewhat disappointed in the casting, now that I've seen them in action. I think some of them look right, but aren't really portraying their characters accurately. Catelyn looks nothing like what I would've expected. Many of the others look nothing like they are described. I know it's difficult to match all of the details, but things like hair color and length shouldn't be that hard to get right. They could've done some simple things, like colored contacts, to make Viserys & Dany's eyes the right color; same with Tyrion, with his one black eye & one green eye and his blond hair that's almost white, in curls down to his collar. The devil's in the details, as the saying goes. I guess we'll see what's to come. I'm also disappointed with the language. The word f**k doesn't appear once in the books, does it? It certainly hasn't so far as I've re-read in AGoT. Changing the language into more normal English takes away from the story. Little things like the opening scene, where it's "are you afraid" instead of "which sound is it that unman's you so?" Do they think people won't understand? It's simple enough. And I swear, if I here "white walkers" one more time I'm going to scream! They are the "Others" 99% of the time! GRRR!I had a really hard time staying focused on the episode. I've had to watch it a couple of times to get through it. I hope it gets better.In Westseros, Mentrual cycles, like the seasons are very irregular.  You'll have long stretches of no period (without being pregnant), and when it comes, it lasts for weeks. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Also, I really liked Daenearys's hair at her wedding.I think, since they changed the ages in the show and since in Sansa's case this is a big moment, it may be an important detail for later episodes. I already argued from the point that steel is ineffective against The Others and my point is that steel is just iron with some carbon content (<2%). There's no reason to think that iron has anything to do with heat that steal hasn't.The important thing we've learned about both The Others and the wights are that they are vulnerable to heat. The wight was set on fire and died and the Other that was killed was stabbed by obsidian, which is volcanic glass (the link to fire/heat is obvious). My point is that iron does not play with the weaknesses we've been given at all and we know that a human hero had to seek out the Children of the Forest the last time The Others marched on Westeros because men had nothing to stop them with. The Children didn't use metals so they wouldn't be using iron against them, they would just use their obsidian weapons.I'm not saying that you're wrong because that's impossible to say until we've read the books, but I don't think anything points towards that iron has anything to do with the others.Since I haven't read through all the posts, you may have already covered this, but if not, I thought I'd mention that, as far as the show is concerned, that the discussion of whether or not the iron swords matter is irrelevant, since in the show the Stark dead are all holding spears and they don't appear to be metal.
788	Kalbear	2011-04-19	I'm also disappointed with the language. The word f**k doesn't appear once in the books, does it?Yes, FUCK shows up all the time in the books. You're self-censoring.If you're really having a hard time with them changing completely unimportant details chances are there will never be a show that will work for you as far as this goes. If it bothers you that Dany doesn't have purple eyes or that they don't show a 13 year old getting naked and being raped on television, you're likely not going to be happy.
789	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-19	Since I haven't read through all the posts, you may have already covered this, but if not, I thought I'd mention that, as far as the show is concerned, that the discussion of whether or not the iron swords matter is irrelevant, since in the show the Stark dead are all holding spears and they don't appear to be metal.This thread includes Book Spoilers, and I was the one who brought up the topic of iron swords vs. spears in the show, because I feel that the iron swords in the book are important. So. Tangential maybe, but not irrelevant, in my opinion.
790	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	Not gonna take the time to dissect this extensive list of nitpicks, but this one:I'm also disappointed with the language. The word f**k doesn't appear once in the books, does it? It certainly hasn't so far as I've re-read in AGoT.Seriously?  The word is used on numerous occasions, by multiple characters.  The "40,000 men and their horses" line defines Viserys as well as any other line of dialogue he says.  You don't remember that from the book?
791	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	He didn't realize there was a king Aerys.  I think he first thought Viserys actually was the king that was usurped, then realized that wasn't right, and then just wasn't sure how exactly he was connect to Robert et al.Ok, that's understandable. The time frame is set though as Viserys says that he's waited 17 years to get his throne back, but there's a lot of information to remember so I fully understand that a good deal of it won't stick right away. I was just curious because while I do have some non-reader friends that will be watching the show it's not a great selection.
792	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Since I haven't read through all the posts, you may have already covered this, but if not, I thought I'd mention that, as far as the show is concerned, that the discussion of whether or not the iron swords matter is irrelevant, since in the show the Stark dead are all holding spears and they don't appear to be metal.That was the fact that started the little discussion we were having. JackintheBeanstalk felt that there might have been a significance of the swords in relation to the Others and that this change would in that case not work with that.Edit: Apparently I can't read and missed that Jack had already responded to this.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 19 April 2011 - 12:49 PM.
793	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-19	Of course, my reaction could change if I found out the actress is much older than she looks...She's 23.  While not a teenager, still pretty young.
794	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	Most of all, he's only really an average fighter, and is thus not really all that boastful.I don't know about that, I always thought he was a very good fighter.  Didn't he personally defeat two of the kingsgaurd to get to Lyanna?  I may be remembering this wrong, but that would certainly speak to his fighting skills as at least above average.I would agree that he is not that boastful, and the show strayed a little bit with that depiction.  I think the show probably feels they need a little more of an engaging "main" character early on to keep the interest of the non-reader viewers.
795	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-19	That was the fact that started the little discussion we were having. JackintheBeanstalk felt that there might have been a significance of the swords in relation to the Others and that this change would in that case not work with that.Edit: Apparently I can't read and missed that Jack had already responded to this.Thank you for "having my back", T'sB.
796	Eponine	2011-04-19	I don't know about that, I always thought he was a very good fighter.  Didn't he personally defeat two of the kingsgaurd to get to Lyanna?  I may be remembering this wrong, but that would certainly speak to his fighting skills as at least above average.When he fought the KG, Howland Reed helped him in some way that gave him the advantage - I don't recall that it was ever spelled out specifically though. It's pretty well acknowledged that Ned is a good and proficient fighter compared to everyone in Westeros. He grew up in a noble house with instruction in sword fighting, riding, archery, etc. Among the nobles, the type of knights who would be expected to hold their own in tourneys, command armies in war, and display fighting prowess, it seems he's not exceedingly strong or fast or aggressive. He wouldn't be expected to beat a member of the KG or win a tourney. That doesn't mean that he's some hedge knight that can't find the pointy end of his own sword.
797	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-19	She's 23.  While not a teenager, still pretty young.Still pretty young--but old enough where I don't feel uncomfortable with her being naked on-screen if her character calls for it, which Dany clearly does.
798	lokisnow	2011-04-19	Did anyone else not like how HD and overfocused the settings were? I thought that it made the scenes look somewhat staged.Your TV is probably set up wrong, like most TVs are natively of with 'motion smoothing'.  Turn off that abysmal function and it will suddenly look a lot more filmlike instead of realer than real.Most televisions these days have a way to disable the anti-judder technology that smooths out the motion between frames, and while most people won't even bother to change it, people should be aware of its existence, especially if the motion appears fake or unreal.--Overall I was stunned at how much they packed into a single episode. It's so strange to not have commercials and to realize that show can be longer than 42:30 and still be an 'hour long' show.  Since I work in commercial television and every day watch down shows that are 42 minutes long it discombobulates me that an hour of television has so much content.I am incredibly impressed by the economy involved in the introductions, and the efforts made to still take their time with scenes and not rush things.  I would almost say that the pacing is just a hair bit slow, but it's not really a concern because I really love that they take the time for Dany to slowly enter the bath, or give time for the pageantry of the royal arrival.  That they managed to introduce and distinguish All the lannisters, the king, all the starks, the wall and Dany and Viserys in a single episode as well as progressing the plot significantly (rather than just exposition we also get the wedding and Bran's fall), I thought the episode was really nicely structured in a serial fashion.  I don't really feel it has a beginning middle and end as a single episode of TV, per se, but I'm not sure HBO is interested in making TV shows that have single episodes stand alone.  On the other hand, it doesn't quite feel like 1/10 of a very long movie or miniseries so they're striking a nice balance between stand-alone and single work.The series opens with a really spectacular sequence, the silent progression into the northern wastes.  I love the methodical opening shot, as the gate slowly rises in front of Waymar Royce and company.  The metaphor is nicely done, HBO is lifting the gate for the series, letting us into the world.  While Will is a very noisy ranger, with a noisy horse, and crawls noisily up on the Wildlings, the atmosphere of unease is quite well established, and there are a number of a wonderfully staged shots in this sequence.  And then we run into the Uruk-hai and I get my first major disappointment of the series.  The Others-cum-Uruk-Hai are profoundly wrong in every way compared to my imagination.  I pictured them as more monstrosities, silver/blue/white/ice colored skin with a build that was bipedal but perhaps only vaguely human, not proportioned like a man-in-monkey-suit-and-rasta-hair sillyness that HBO chose.I only harp on this point because I feel so early in the show, getting the Others wrong (it's a Shame that Lost's use of the term forces  HBO to use White Walkers or Wight Walkers) could be a turn off for some people.  But that is always the danger for the show in even including the prologue since it is so very different from anything else we'll see for the next four or five episodes, and very different from the rest of the premiere episode.Sean Bean is nothing at all like I imagined Ned to look, but he absolutely projects the air, gravitas and authority of Ned as I imagined him.  He so completely nails the part that I already hear his voice when I skim through a book and see some Ned Dialog.  Catelyn, I feel, is perfectly cast, she has a hardbitten, tough as nails quality to her that is going to develop extremely well when she spends most of the rest of her characters life out adventuring on the continent.  Maisie Williams is perfection as Arya, and other than a REALLY BAD piece of ADR between her and Sansa, I loved everything in her performance (but doing voice over ADR is particularly tough for untrained actors).   Bran looks good, Sansa looks good. I really like the look of Robb.  Jon is the only one with a terrible look, but that may just because I never pictured him with poofy curly extravagant hair, Waymar Royce's look more closely matches what I think Jon looks like. I love the visual way they introduce Arya and Sansa.  We cut from the archery, to an interior tracking shot. the camera moves around Sansa--ho is happily sewing away to the praises of Septa Mordane--to reveal Arya who looks very unhappy and bored and who perks up to the sounds of arrows and laughter outside.  This one shot, coupled with the transition to Arya showing up Bran in the next sequence, establishes the contrast between Arya and Sansa and Arya's mischievous spirit.  The highlights of the episode for me, though, was everything on Pentos with Viserys and Dany.  I felt these scenes were the best written and acted and directed moments of the episode and were pretty much without flaw.  I even liked the controversial wedding night.  But then I've always felt that the book wedding night was a little too romantic in contrast to the harshness that Dany experiences from him after the wedding night.  I think the way they handled the Khal's "no" lines got much of the scene without compromising future development of her character.  It's not rape by westerosi understandings and its not consensual by our understanding, I feel the way it was portrayed got more at the tragedy of the moment, that this is what wedding nights were like for women, or royalty and underscores the limitations and strictures most women lived under in pre-modern times.  We're getting our first taste of how the series will rip the princess myth to shreds.  If anything the book romanticized things a little too much, but it has the opportunity to do that by letting us in to Dany's intimate thought processes leading up to the marriage consummation, a luxury the filmed medium doesn't allow for.I liked the look of all the sets and costumes and locations, it very much matched the "Lion in Winter" look I had given everything in Winterfell and Castle Black in my mind.  The production design is incredibly well done. I loved the little background touches like the mantle of dripping candles.  The one exception is that the Heart Tree looked built, with fake, sewn on leaves.  Thats the only place the execution seems slightly off to me, that and I imagined Winterfell to be bigger, at least the outerwall much bigger, in order to encompass a small godswood rather than a godsgrove.  But none of these things really matter to me, I point them out as individual difference in how I pictured things but it's just a different perspective, I don't see it as getting it "wrong"I had always imagined "the things I do for love" to be said regretfully to Bran, having it said to Cersei makes sense, and certainly lends a different tone to the scene, and I really like the different approach,  not what I'd imagined but excellent nonetheless. Overall I absolutely loved it, and aside from the Others I don't feel like they got a single thing that matters wrong, it's pretty much as perfect as I could have hoped for.
					
					
							Edited by lockesnow, 19 April 2011 - 01:23 PM.
799	atm_grifter	2011-04-19	Hello all. First post to the forums. To preface things, let me say I've been an advocate of the series since 1998, and am proud to say I've turned close to 30 people on to the series, each one, of course, becoming an addicted fan. This series coming to HBO has been a hope I've had for some time. So far, I'm quite pleased. However, I think an interesting thing to discuss are the changes we've noticed, either in plot or character, that could have some significant effects on either plot or memorable scenes. I count two that stand out to me:First, Tyrion being introduced as a whore-monger. While I don't think this is something that the writers can't handle in terms of steering the characters back towards their representation in the book, it still seems a challenge. This is in particular regard to Shae. In his first meeting with her it is quite clear that Tyrion is somewhat honorable, and later, once in King's Landing, that he holds his monogamous relationship to be important to maintain. Put simply, he loves her. In the book, this was easy to believe, because Tyrion was never set up to be so lecherous, but now the writers present themselves with a problem to solve so the viewer isn't taken aback, should the writers follow what was laid out in the book.Secondly, the lack of significant scarring on the Hound's face. I've already had a couple of conversations with people who didn't realize that the Hound was actually the one speaking with Tyrion at one point (making the remark about paying for women). It's quite clear that it is, since A) it's the same actor who raised the face guard of the hound helm (which, even then, you could tell he wasn't scarred nearly enough), and /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> his scalp was at least "scarred" (missing hair). This is hugely problematic for the encounters between him and Sansa (and potentially others). My guess currently, is that those scenes will simply be excised, which actually may be fine.Anybody agree or disagree, or think of any other issues that should be interesting to see how they get resolved due to their noticeable difference.
					
					
							Edited by atm_grifter, 19 April 2011 - 01:31 PM.
800	Isabella Stark	2011-04-19	They could've done some simple things, like colored contacts, to make Viserys & Dany's eyes the right color; same with Tyrion, with his one black eye & one green eye and his blond hair that's almost white, in curls down to his collar. .......And I swear, if I here "white walkers" one more time I'm going to scream! They are the "Others" 99% of the time! GRRR!They tried purple contact lenses for Viserys and Dany.  Apparently they were extremely uncomfortable for the actors, so they dropped it.Also, I've read that due to "Lost" also having a group of people known as "the Others," the producers decided to go with "White Walkers."
801	Isabella Stark	2011-04-19	Also, regarding Tyrion's hair color, speaking as someone who's tried to go platinum blond- it's really hard to go that blond and not look like crap.  You need just the right skin tone, and Peter Dinklage (Tyrion) does not have it.  Going any blonder with him would have looked terrible.
802	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	And then we run into the Uruk-haiLOL.  Perfect description of "the Others".Jon is the only one with a terrible look, but that may just because I never pictured him with poofy curly extravagant hair. Yeah, I hate that look too.Overall I absolutely loved it, and aside from the Others I don't feel like they got a single thing that matters wrong, it's pretty much as perfect as I could have hoped for.Definitely. We can all nitpick about the details, but in the grand scheme of things, most of those don't matter. If it makes for a better TV show I'm all for changing the bookthings.A good example is The Shining.  Kubrick's Shining is a masterpiece, a brilliant example of film-making. Too bad it is radically different from the book.There was also a made for TV remake (by Mick Garris) of The Shining that King got behind because he was mad at all the liberties that Kubrick took with the story.  The result is an utterly ridiculous piece of crap.  It adheres closely to the book, but just comes across as stupid.I would much rather have a Kubrick Game of Thrones than a Garris version which adheres more closely but loses the essence of the story.Edited because I don't want to change the actual books.
					
					
							Edited by ChrisPwildcat, 19 April 2011 - 01:47 PM.
803	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-04-19	My only complaint:  Why did they have to have Jaime and Cersei going at it doggie style fully clothed??  That was literally the only kind of sex we saw all episode...  I would have liked to see more of a contrast to the Dothraki stuff.  They are actually lovers not just fuck buddies...  Should have been more sensual...
804	arrowfan	2011-04-19	I loved the premiere. Seen it 3 times and have enjoyed it more with each viewing.  My only real concern is with opening scene (prologue of the book).  I just can't figure out why they changed the scene from the book.  Not only do we not have the dramatic scene of the kid hiding in the tree while the Others kill the rest of his scouting party, but we're left with a seriously un-explained escape by the kid.  In the pilot... the kid is on his knees within 10-15 feet of the Other.  How did he escape sure death at the hands of the Others? Oh well.  And of course the Others look like wildlings.  Hmmmph.
805	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	My only complaint:  Why did they have to have Jaime and Cersei going at it doggie style fully clothed??  That was literally the only kind of sex we saw all episode...  I would have liked to see more of a contrast to the Dothraki stuff.  They are actually lovers not just fuck buddies...  Should have been more sensual...I didn't find it to be extremely sensual in the book either. Cersei was saying no and Jaime was ignoring her and just kept on going until she gave in to the urge. Seemed more filled lust than sensuality so I don't think they were very wrong in the essence of it. The biggest reason they did it doggy style was probably that you could first wonder "hey, that's Jaime Lannister, I wonder who he's with?" and first after a while you see the shocking revelation.
806	Daenerys	2011-04-19	I give the first episode an 8 out of 10. Really hard episode to pull off perfectly, no doubt, but overall very well done (and you have to give them some credit just for getting it done at all). I also watched the first episode of Camelot out of curiosity and it's a joke. Just seems very insubstantial and frivolous by comparison. Watching both of these, underneath you can really sense the master storytelling powers of Martin vs. amateur "writers" who are out to create "exciting television fantasy".
Best things:
-- Michelle Fairley really impressed me. I was worried about her, but she was fantastic, I totally buy her as Cat now.
-- Was also a bit worried about Peter Dinklage, Kit Harrington, and Lena Headey, but I thought they all did well and will do their characters full justice.
-- Mark Addy I expected to be really good as Robert and he was.
-- Basically 95%+ of the casting is amazing, they really nailed it on most of the characters. Even the secondary characters like Luwin, Rodrik, Benjen, etc. were prefect. Can't wait to see Arya get more screen time, and Littlefinger.
-- Did love Dany getting into the bath scene they added ("The water's too hot, my lady!"). Nice.
-- Kingsguard armor didn't bother me as much as it does some others, apparently. Hound's helm is pure awesome.
Worst things:
-- This episode was too short. A lot of things seemed rushed. Should have been 90 minutes, ending at the same place but filling in some of the scenes more. For example, why don't we get to see Dany riding her silver horse, the wedding gift from Khal Drogo? This is an important scene! It's the first time Drogo smiles, when he sees a spirited Dany riding the horse. Or the sparring scene between Bran and Tommen (opportunity to meet Joffrey, the Hound there, and let Robb say something).
-- The music. Totally forgettable for me, even after a second viewing, sorry. Just very unimaginitive. I did like the subtle creepy theme they used north of the Wall, but that's about all that really stood out for me. The music isn't so bad it ruins anything for me, but it didn't help elevate it, either. I have to wonder which composer worked on which parts (as they were changed out at one point).
-- All the Dothraki stuff pretty much sucked. The scale of it feels too small, the costuming and sets are all over the place, it's really kind of a mess. The wedding scene was just weird and phoney-looking to me. And who the hell gives a crate of snakes to someone as a wedding gift anyway? Um, thanks? But a lot of the Dothraki story never my favorite parts of the book anyway (even though Daenerys is obviously going to be a super important character at some point). There's interesting parts, but whenever I was reading that story all I could think of was "When do we get back to King's Landing?"
Meh:
-- The incongruous credit sequence. I know, everyone loves this. Taken out of context, I love it too, it looks amazing. But it doesn't fit the look and feel of the show at all. Again, not something that's going to ruin anything for me, but I feel like they went too far with it. Try to look at the 3D map underneath all the shiny gears and rising buildings. The map itself is gorgeous, it didn't need all the mechanical doodads, which distract from showing the geography of the world. Also, how could they screw up all the house sigils next to the actor's names? A lot of people won't notice or care, but wow, that's a pretty big oversight when you know house sigils are an extremely important component of the show, I can't believe no one checked on or caught these errors. Sansa's a Targaryen? Really?
-- Emilia Clark as Daenerys. Still worried about her, but I'm willing to give her some time. She spent the entire episode with that far-away, doe-eyed stare. Perhaps appropriate, but her performance seemed a little one-note to me.
-- Robb seems completely personality-free. Hopefully he has one somewhere. Rickon is completely invisible (although to be fair he's basically invisible in the books too).
-- The prologue seemed a bit off to me. Would have preferred it to be a bit more mysterious and less graphic. The ritualistic arrangement of body parts and the "message" sent by the WW was odd. And there's still the question of how the hell Gared gets back over or through the Wall (and with no horse at that) without anyone noticing him. The little girl was suitably creepy though.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 19 April 2011 - 02:04 PM.
807	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-19	Regarding "fuck", it shows up five times in AGOT: Viserys threatening to let the khalasar have their way with Dany, Arya talking to city guards outside the Red Keep ("I want to fuck the queen myself, for all the good it does me"), Littlefinger goading Ned by asking if he "fuck[s] with the King's ---", Tyrion raging against Mort the jailor in the Eyrie, and a dying Robert exasperated with Ned ("Ah, fuck you, Ned, I killed the bastard, didn't I?")If you're curious, there are ten shits, and eighty-one damns or variants on it (damnation, damned, damnable, damnably). More importantly, "bacon" only appears nine times, "sausage" or "sausages" twelve times, nineteen "beer"s and eleven "ale"s, and one hundred fifty-five mentions of "wine" (discounting swineherd, wineskin, twined, etc).This is indicative of a drinking problem in Westeros.
808	Eponine	2011-04-19	In the book, I think it comes as less of a surprise, because Bran is listening to Jaime and Cersei talk without seeing them at first, and from the conversation, you can figure out who it is and put two and two together - there are two pages of conversation and a few incriminating noises before Bran actually sees them, which has a different effect than the OMG SEX of the show. Although the scene isn't extremely sensual in the book, it shows a lot more about the kind of relationship that they have - obviously something that would have taken too long on TV, but nonetheless, one that has a much different and more personal tone.
809	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-19	Regarding "fuck", it shows up five times in AGOT: Viserys threatening to let the khalasar have their way with Dany, Arya talking to city guards outside the Red Keep ("I want to fuck the queen myself, for all the good it does me"), Littlefinger goading Ned by asking if he "fuck[s] with the King's ---", Tyrion raging against Mort the jailor in the Eyrie, and a dying Robert exasperated with Ned ("Ah, fuck you, Ned, I killed the bastard, didn't I?")If you're curious, there are ten shits, and eighty-one damns or variants on it (damnation, damned, damnable, damnably). More importantly, "bacon" only appears nine times, "sausage" or "sausages" twelve times, nineteen "beer"s and eleven "ale"s, and one hundred fifty-five mentions of "wine" (discounting swineherd, wineskin, twined, etc).This is indicative of a drinking problem in Westeros.Outstanding.   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
810	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	I didn't think the meat at the wedding looked rotten, just well cooked. I think Dany was a little startled by the flies, but hey, it's just an introduction to her new life, which will be lived for the most part outdoors.As I said, guaranteed to be wrong.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I guess the buzzing flies stood out to me in the wrong way.  Since I can't repeatedly view it (not having HBO) to double check things I'm sure I have some other misinterpretations...
811	Balefont	2011-04-19	My only complaint:  Why did they have to have Jaime and Cersei going at it doggie style fully clothed??  That was literally the only kind of sex we saw all episode...  I would have liked to see more of a contrast to the Dothraki stuff.  They are actually lovers not just fuck buddies...  Should have been more sensual...As been stated at least 50 times previously in this thread and it's predecessor, they filmed it that way because the actress playing Cersei was preggers at the time it was filmed and they had to use a body double.
812	arrowfan	2011-04-19	I give the first episode an 8 out of 10. Really hard episode to pull off perfectly, no doubt, but overall very well done....[etc]Totally agree with all your points.  All the characters I was most worried about were stellar.  Biggest surprise was Catelyn.  Great stuff. She and Eddard look really good together. Thank you HBO for the scene with Dany getting into the hot tub! Not to be a "base" person, but it really was sexy and nice to see Dany isn't just another bolimic skinny body type.   The Dothraki scenes were the toughest part to take.  I imagine the scenes in future eps will settle in for us, lets hope so - cause there's some great drama yet to come.
813	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-19	And on yet another viewing, this time with my finger on the pause button-
When Sansa and Arya are doing their needlework, Sansa has an elaborate pattern that Septa Mordane praises, while Arya is struggling to cross-stitch the alphabet ... but she skipped the letter I. The top row reads ABCDEF, the middle row GHJKL.
I don't think this is an oversight, but rather a hint at the development of her character in the future fourth seasons. Her involvement with the Faceless Men requires abandoning her identity -- there will be no "I" for Arya. Wheels within wheels, people!
814	Mya Stone	2011-04-19	And on yet another viewing, this time with my finger on the pause button-When Sansa and Arya are doing their needlework, Sansa has an elaborate pattern that Septa Mordane praises, while Arya is struggling to cross-stitch the alphabet ... but she skipped the letter I. The top row reads ABCDEF, the middle row GHJKL.I don't think this is an oversight, but rather a hint at the development of her character in the future fourth seasons. Her involvement with the Faceless Men requires abandoning her identity -- there will be no "I" for Arya. Wheels within wheels, people!Or...she just sucks so badly at it that she can't even stitch a straight vertical line. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
815	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-19	Or...she just sucks so badly at it that she can't even stitch a straight vertical line. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Ah, but we see her hit the bulls-eye mere moments later! No, Arya is already secret ninja chick, and is sending us an early signal of what the future holds for her.The omens are there; we need but open our eyes!
816	Mya Stone	2011-04-19	Ah, but we see her hit the bulls-eye mere moments later! No, Arya is already secret ninja chick, and is sending us an early signal of what the future holds for her.The omens are there; we need but open our eyes!/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Maybe you should change your username to ThreeEyedCrow. (Although we already have one of those, just spelled differently.)
817	Brude	2011-04-19	My only complaint:  Why did they have to have Jaime and Cersei going at it doggie style fully clothed??  That was literally the only kind of sex we saw all episode...  I would have liked to see more of a contrast to the Dothraki stuff.  They are actually lovers not just fuck buddies...  Should have been more sensual...If this was the version of the scene shot when Lena Headey was pregnant, then I think that would explain why she's clothed.Regarding "fuck", it shows up five times in AGOT: Viserys threatening to let the khalasar have their way with Dany, Arya talking to city guards outside the Red Keep ("I want to fuck the queen myself, for all the good it does me"), Littlefinger goading Ned by asking if he "fuck[s] with the King's ---", Tyrion raging against Mort the jailor in the Eyrie, and a dying Robert exasperated with Ned ("Ah, fuck you, Ned, I killed the bastard, didn't I?")If you're curious, there are ten shits, and eighty-one damns or variants on it (damnation, damned, damnable, damnably). More importantly, "bacon" only appears nine times, "sausage" or "sausages" twelve times, nineteen "beer"s and eleven "ale"s, and one hundred fifty-five mentions of "wine" (discounting swineherd, wineskin, twined, etc).This is indicative of a drinking problem in Westeros.This is a fantastic post.  Good job!
818	Xenophon	2011-04-19	I am incredibly impressed by the economy involved in the introductions, and the efforts made to still take their time with scenes and not rush things.  I would almost say that the pacing is just a hair bit slow, but it's not really a concern because I really love that they take the time for Dany to slowly enter the bath, or give time for the pageantry of the royal arrival.  That they managed to introduce and distinguish All the lannisters, the king, all the starks, the wall and Dany and Viserys in a single episode as well as progressing the plot significantly (rather than just exposition we also get the wedding and Bran's fall), I thought the episode was really nicely structured in a serial fashion.  I don't really feel it has a beginning middle and end as a single episode of TV, per se, but I'm not sure HBO is interested in making TV shows that have single episodes stand alone.  On the other hand, it doesn't quite feel like 1/10 of a very long movie or miniseries so they're striking a nice balance between stand-alone and single work.The series opens with a really spectacular sequence, the silent progression into the northern wastes.  I love the methodical opening shot, as the gate slowly rises in front of Waymar Royce and company.  The metaphor is nicely done, HBO is lifting the gate for the series, letting us into the world.I love the visual way they introduce Arya and Sansa.  We cut from the archery, to an interior tracking shot. the camera moves around Sansa--ho is happily sewing away to the praises of Septa Mordane--to reveal Arya who looks very unhappy and bored and who perks up to the sounds of arrows and laughter outside.  This one shot, coupled with the transition to Arya showing up Bran in the next sequence, establishes the contrast between Arya and Sansa and Arya's mischievous spirit.  The highlights of the episode for me, though, was everything on Pentos with Viserys and Dany.  I felt these scenes were the best written and acted and directed moments of the episode and were pretty much without flaw.  I liked the look of all the sets and costumes and locations, it very much matched the "Lion in Winter" look I had given everything in Winterfell and Castle Black in my mind.  The production design is incredibly well done. I loved the little background touches like the mantle of dripping candles.  The one exception is that the Heart Tree looked built, with fake, sewn on leaves.  Really interesting to hear a TV-professional's take on the show.  It's easy for me at least to sometimes overlook the artistry in setting up shots, etc.  Also, I hadn't really considered how much the episode stands on its own vs. feels like a part of a longer movie.  That will be something to watch for going forward.
819	Starkess	2011-04-19	Thank you HBO for the scene with Dany getting into the hot tub! Not to be a "base" person, but it really was sexy and nice to see Dany isn't just another bolimic skinny body type.   Funny, I had the opposite reaction (Gee, isn't it nice that the only people who want to get naked in Westeros happen to be generously endowed women?).
820	Xenophon	2011-04-19	Funny, I had the opposite reaction (Gee, isn't it nice that the only people who want to get naked in Westeros happen to be generously endowed women?).Funny.  I was thinking the same thing myself (Dothraki dry-humping anyone?), but my wife (who didn't much like the show overall) said "at least the naked chicks look like real women".
821	True Blue Mug	2011-04-19	Well, I've watched it and slept on it.Meantime, I think the attributes and detriments of the episode have been listed and discussed many times over. The credits and casting are great. The overall execution is bit off at this point, but everything I read says that it needs a couple episodes to get going. After Lost I'd be OK with a television series that starts of shaky and finishes strong.Anyway, I'm going to go with Donal Noye's Baratheon brother rating system going forward:Robert was the true steel. Stannis is pure iron, black and hard and strong, yes, but brittle, the way iron gets. He'll break before he bends. And Renly, that one, he's copper, bright and shiny, pretty to look at but not worth all that much at the end of the day.EP01: Winter is Coming gets a Stannis.
					
					
							Edited by True Blue Mug, 19 April 2011 - 03:04 PM.
822	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-19	Show statues (we get a good look at two of them at 29:04) are holding spears, not swords, and have a direwolf at their sides. They also look identical, as if cast, instead of carved specifically for each man. They also look like they are in much better condition than the statue of Lyanna, despite being much older. This is very puzzling and perplexing to me.The spears, especially, bother me, because I have long nurtured a theory about a future plot twist involving those old IRON swords (placed there to keep the ghosts bound to the crypt). After all, nobody carries iron weapons anymore, and they are, along with fire, the only things harmful to the Cold Baddies...and the crypt just happens to have a large cache of iron swords.If you look closely, you'll see that it's great swords, not spears. They are held upright like spears, not over the knees as in the book, but they are still swords.Back to the 'first blood' issue, that was actually something that bothered me about the book version. I felt Sansa was way too young to have her first period at such a young age (12 or 13) given the general level of health and food quality in that setting.
823	Ser_Pounce	2011-04-19	If you look closely, you'll see that it's great swords, not spears. They are held upright like spears, not over the knees as in the book, but they are still swords.Back to the 'first blood' issue, that was actually something that bothered me about the book version. I felt Sansa was way too young to have her first period at such a young age (12 or 13) given the general level of health and food quality in that setting.Well in addition to being the daughter of a high ranking noble, she did grow up in a period of, iirc, eight or nine years of summer.  having year round fresh fruit and veggies has got to make considerable impact on health.
824	Tuor	2011-04-19	I watched it,liked it as much as possible after reading a book but..I don`t understand what the heck is wrong with Theon,i don`t like his cast at alll!And  repeating Catelyn too old,an so on.
But one thing i am interested about,is what have they done with the scene where Rob should fight Joffrey and Bran should fight Tommen,i know it would be stupid for 20 years old Rob to fight young Joffrey,but what will then be the reason for Joffrey to send  a murderer to kill Bran?
825	Manakhkubar	2011-04-19	But one thing i am interested about,is what have they done with the scene where Rob should fight Joffrey and Bran should fight Tommen,i know it would be stupid for 20 years old Rob to fight young Joffrey,but what will then be the reason for Joffrey to send  a murderer to kill Bran?The same as in the books, I guess.
826	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	but what will then be the reason for Joffrey to send  a murderer to kill Bran?Joffrey didn't do that because he was mad at Bran, he did that to impress his father.  If you remember (in ASOS or AFFC) Cersei recalls that Robert said they should just kill the child, it would be a mercy, or some such thing.  Joffrey was doing it for attention, NOT because he hated Bran for beating Tommen.
827	Norvard	2011-04-19	Overall I absolutely loooooooved the show!!!!!!!!!!! Im still in a bit of shock over how amazing it all was coming to life in front of me.
But if I had anything negative to say it would be that the Dothraki just didnt seem that gritty to me, Khal was all clean where I was expecting him to be dirty as hell and the rest of his people seemed like clean brutes.
828	Tuor	2011-04-19	Joffrey didn't do that because he was mad at Bran, he did that to impress his father.  If you remember (in ASOS or AFFC) Cersei recalls that Robert said they should just kill the child, it would be a mercy, or some such thing.  Joffrey was doing it for attention, NOT because he hated Bran for beating Tommen. Ah, i thought he did that to revenge Rob but i mixed it up, i`ve read it long ago...
829	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-04-19	If you look closely, you'll see that it's great swords, not spears. They are held upright like spears, not over the knees as in the book, but they are still swords.I looked again...had to look VERY closely...You are absolutely correct! *joy*
830	Killuncle	2011-04-19	When does the comet appear?
831	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	When does the comet appear?At the beginning of next season, I'd assume. (beginning of ACOK)
832	Killuncle	2011-04-19	Was it really that late on?  I'll need to re-read.  I loaned out GoT but will get it back tomorrow.
Just found out Winterfell is Doune castle.  I can't believe i grew up 5 miles from Winterfell.  Cool.
833	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-19	Was it really that late on?  I'll need to re-read.  I loaned out GoT but will get it back tomorrow.Just found out Winterfell is Doune castle.  I can't believe i grew up 5 miles from Winterfell.  Cool.I'm pretty sure the first mention of it is in the prologue for ACOK (this would also be right after Dany makes the Dragons hatch).  I suppose it may have appeared sooner without being mentioned.Awesome that you grew up so close to Winterfell... I'm jealous!
834	Kalbear	2011-04-19	At the beginning of next season, I'd assume. (beginning of ACOK)No. It shows during Dany's rebirth scene. That's the first time we see it.
835	Killuncle	2011-04-19	I've driven past it but never gone in.  Wish i had now.
836	shibby	2011-04-19	Although certainly not representative of the normal viewing demographic, here are some responses of the 1st episode by some members of a popular guitar forum.  It's mostly positive and very surprisingly, most of them have not read the books yet:http://acapella.harm...Freakin-Awesome!
837	Maltaran	2011-04-19	When does the comet appear?Drogo's funeral pyre. The Dothraki believe that the first star to appear that night is the spirit of the dead man, so the comet appearing the night of Drogo's funeral shows how great a khal he was.
838	Daenerys	2011-04-19	It was great seeing him polish the sword in this peaceful areaAm I the only one who laughed at this comment? "I'll see you guys later, I'm going to go polish my sword in a peaceful area now."
839	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-19	Drogo's funeral pyre. The Dothraki believe that the first star to appear that night is the spirit of the dead man, so the comet appearing the night of Drogo's funeral shows how great a khal he was.It appears earlier in the book than that. In the chapter where Bran and Rickon has had dreams foreshadowing the death of Ned, Maester Luwin is studying the comet through his copper lens.
840	Daenerys	2011-04-19	seeing as how Dany still hasn't made it across the sea four books later, I think we could potentially wait on her plotline for at least one episode.  I think that doing so would allow more explanation of what's going on with Ned+Robert, a little more time introducing the main characters, and expanding a few key scenes.  Jon and Tyrion's talk at the feast and The Things I Do for Love were both good scenes, but lacked the punch they could have had if they were a bit longer.Yep, I agree, if you aren't going to make the first episode longer, then DanyÂ<U+0092>s story can definitely be pushed back. Although, it is good to make the connection right there when Robert says "not all of them" in response to Ned's "The Targaryens are gone". So maybe Dany and Viserys could be introduced and set up ("I'm gonna marry you off to this brutal horse lord in exchange for an army to win back our kingdom"), but leave all the wedding stuff for later.Definitely could have used more time for some scenes.
841	Dragonfish	2011-04-19	A couple questions.
We know that the guy giving the gift of snakes at Dany's wedding was a Dornish envoy, right? I thought that was a pretty cool nod to the Dorne plotline from AFFC. I also liked the glimpses of Unsullied that we got at Illyrio's manse and at the wedding.
But this got me thinking: were there any other nods to the continuity in this episode? For instance, was Mance Rayder at the feast? I seem to recall catching a glimpse of someone in a black and red cloak, but not being able to see their face.
Also, during the first Viserys/Dany scene there's some sort of mural on the wall behind Viserys that shows some ships on what look to be rough seas. I wonder, could this be depicting the Doom of Valyria? The book does mention that there's a mosaic of the Doom at Illyrio's manse, and seeing the mural in the show made me think of that.
842	Balefont	2011-04-19	Been trying to keep up with the threads so forgiveness if someone else has pointed this out: I loved how an effect was done to make Dany and Viserys appear all golden and glowy when first the Khal is being introduced to them but Illyrio.  It was the only time I noticed the effect being used but I felt it was a nice touch on several levels - notably they are children of the old Valyrian blood.  Very ethereal effect if I may say.
843	Kalbear	2011-04-19	Am I the only one who laughed at this comment? "I'll see you guys later, I'm going to go polish my sword in a peaceful area now."Heh. Better euphemism than taking my talents to south beach, I suppose.But this got me thinking: were there any other nods to the continuity in this episode? For instance, was Mance Rayder at the feast? I seem to recall catching a glimpse of someone in a black and red cloak, but not being able to see their face.They haven't cast Mance, and no one was in a special cloak - plus Mance wouldn't be wearing that cloak south of the wall.
844	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-19	Although certainly not representative of the normal viewing demographic, here are some responses of the 1st episode by some members of a popular guitar forum.  It's mostly positive and very surprisingly, most of them have not read the books yet:http://acapella.harm...Freakin-Awesome!Yes, great, especially the part where they talk about how much they liked all the 'titties.'The more time that passes the more I get annoyed at the huge amount of gratuitously naked women in the show. It's fucked up. I mean, c'mon, Tyrion was in a whorehouse and he was pretty much fully clothed. WTF. And I still find the shirtless teenager shaving to be creepy, especially since they were talking about 'right royal pricks.' Edit: Whoops, there's a whole thread on the nudity. Totally missed that.
					
					
							Edited by LugaJetBoyGirl, 19 April 2011 - 05:58 PM.
845	Dragonfish	2011-04-19	They haven't cast Mance, and no one was in a special cloak - plus Mance wouldn't be wearing that cloak south of the wall.I'm aware they haven't cast Mance, that's why I mentioned that I couldn't see the person's face who was wearing the cloak. They could easily have put an extra in the cloak and deferred Mance's casting until later. But yeah, he probably wouldn't have worn the cloak anyway, so I suppose it's all moot. But what about the possible Doom reference? Anyone want to chime in on this? Perhaps the Doom was some sort of mega tsunami, and that's why Old Valyria is now the Smoking Sea.
846	Norvard	2011-04-19	It appears earlier in the book than that. In the chapter where Bran and Rickon has had dreams foreshadowing the death of Ned, Maester Luwin is studying the comet through his copper lens.Oh yeah Rickon! Forgot about him, did we get any glimpse of him in the pilot?Anyone know a place with screenshots from the pilot? Would love to digest all the detail and maybe catch a few things I missed....
847	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-04-19	Yes, we got a brief glimpse of Rickon in the pilot. I remember seeing him in the first scene with the Starks when Bran was practicing his archery.
848	Norvard	2011-04-19	I'm aware they haven't cast Mance, that's why I mentioned that I couldn't see the person's face who was wearing the cloak. They could easily have put an extra in the cloak and deferred Mance's casting until later. But yeah, he probably wouldn't have worn the cloak anyway, so I suppose it's all moot. But what about the possible Doom reference? Anyone want to chime in on this? Perhaps the Doom was some sort of mega tsunami, and that's why Old Valyria is now the Smoking Sea.Was Mance at the wedding in the book? I must of missed that...
849	silkymoonshine	2011-04-19	Oh yeah Rickon! Forgot about him, did we get any glimpse of him in the pilot?Yes, he's on top of a horse in the first scene with the Starks, laughing at Bran with Robb and Jon. He's also next to Catelyn when Robert arrives, Robert touches his head before he [Robert] kisses Catelyn. The actor looks 6 or 7.Another little detail I liked: everything with the Dothraki people looked like a dance. The actual dancing, the fucking, the killing.Was Mance at the wedding in the book? I must of missed that...No, he was in Winterfell at the feast for Robert. He disguised as a singer/bard and joined the courtiers shortly before they arrived in Winterfell. He tells Jon when he first meets him.
					
					
							Edited by silkymoonshine, 19 April 2011 - 06:43 PM.
850	Dragonfish	2011-04-19	Was Mance at the wedding in the book? I must of missed that...Not at the wedding, at the Winterfell feast. He tells Jon this in AsoS.
851	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-19	A couple questions.We know that the guy giving the gift of snakes at Dany's wedding was a Dornish envoy, right? I thought that was a pretty cool nod to the Dorne plotline from AFFC. I also liked the glimpses of Unsullied that we got at Illyrio's manse and at the wedding.If so, was this a blunder on D&D's part? We know who Bob's inside man is in Dany's entourage. But there is absolutely no knowledge back in KL that the Dornish are so openly favouring a return to Targ rule. Knowing Bob's hatred of the merest sniff of Targyness if Dornish presence at the wedding was known Bob would have gone on a rampage, and a Dornish envoy at the wedding would certainly be in any report back the king Bob.I forgot to mention that I really like Mark Addy as Bob. I was a bit dubious about him given is past roles (albeit he always put in quality performances), but he does a great job. His emotion in the crypt was great, I really felt the depth of his love and hate. Will be sorry to see him go.
852	iheartseverus	2011-04-19	Anyone know a place with screenshots from the pilot? Would love to digest all the detail and maybe catch a few things I missed....THIS!   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> I'm dying for screencaps!  I watched the episode 3 times and haven't seen half the details that have been pointed out in these threads.  Others with crystal swords or icicles?  An Unsullied... smiling??  Ethereal glow around Dany and Viserys?  Screencaps, screencaps, please!  Anybody?  Anywhere?  Share?
853	Ser Warpechowski	2011-04-19	THIS!   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> I'm dying for screencaps!  I watched the episode 3 times and haven't seen half the details that have been pointed out in these threads.  Others with crystal swords or icicles?  An Unsullied... smiling??  Ethereal glow around Dany and Viserys?  Screencaps, screencaps, please!  Anybody?  Anywhere?  Share?Lol, the unsulied part is there, I even saw some in relaxing chat with each other and one that looked really bored.In the prologue, the other/zombie that cuts GaredÂ´s head is wearing a kilt, has nothing from the waist up and even looks like he has claws. His sword looks like ice or a crystal shard.And Hodor is FAT. I imagined him thin, but I dont remember the book description.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 19 April 2011 - 09:11 PM.
854	Brude	2011-04-19	If you look closely, you'll see that it's great swords, not spears. They are held upright like spears, not over the knees as in the book, but they are still swords.Back to the 'first blood' issue, that was actually something that bothered me about the book version. I felt Sansa was way too young to have her first period at such a young age (12 or 13) given the general level of health and food quality in that setting.Nobles in the medieval time period were very healthy and ate very well, generally.  We can know this because we know how much armor their knights lugged around, and if they weren't healthy they simply couldn't do it.  The medieval armor kit weighed about the same as the modern military kit and also the same as the Roman military kit and armor: around 75 to 80 pounds.  You can't march or fight or train all day wearing that kind of weight without being in very fine shape.
855	iheartseverus	2011-04-19	Lol, the unsulied part is there, I even saw some in relaxing chat with each other and one that looked really bored.In the prologue, the other/zombie that cuts GaredÂ´s head is wearing a kilt, has nothing from the waist up and even looks like he has claws. His sword looks like ice or a crystal shard.And Hodor is FAT. I imagined him thin, but I dont remember the book description.Well, booger.  I don't know how people SEE these things!  I mean, is my tv visually deficient?  Is my brain?  I saw a split second of a dark flash whip off Gared's head.  Period.  Whatever.  Only screencaps can save me.  Anybody?  Ran?
856	Trebla	2011-04-19	HD DVR rocks. You can pause and the picture stays crisp. On further viewings I could see the Other's claws, Ghost's red eyes, and the Unsullied guarding the Magisters.
857	Daenerys	2011-04-19	I'm pretty sure you'd miss the face in the godswood tree in standard definition. Even in HD, it's subtle. The titles are also clearly made for HD. Not to mention general textures like in clothing and so forth. If you're not watching it in HD on a good, calibrated tv, you're missing a lot IMO.
858	XtremeOne1	2011-04-19	Ergh I loved it so much! It was just..perfect. The sets, the acting, the music,that opening! Okay maybe not perfect, I do feel Dany's plot dragged the pace down a bit but that's only cause it's so separate form everything else. As the season progresses and Dany's plot picks up, it will only add to the awesomeness because I love Dany's story in book 1!
The only thing that bothered me..the omission of the sparing scene. 1) Because I think it's cute especially Bran attacking Tommen while he's done, haha 2) It's a nice scene for Arya/Jon, establishing their relationship which did not even get touched upon here. It makes the needle scene mean something. If Needle is the only scene we get with Jon/Arya it will be a big disservice to their relationship.
859	Valmy	2011-04-19	If so, was this a blunder on D&D's part? We know who Bob's inside man is in Dany's entourage. But there is absolutely no knowledge back in KL that the Dornish are so openly favouring a return to Targ rule. Knowing Bob's hatred of the merest sniff of Targyness if Dornish presence at the wedding was known Bob would have gone on a rampage, and a Dornish envoy at the wedding would certainly be in any report back the king Bob.The information is being fed to Varys not Robert directly.
860	Dragonfish	2011-04-19	If so, was this a blunder on D&D's part? We know who Bob's inside man is in Dany's entourage. But there is absolutely no knowledge back in KL that the Dornish are so openly favouring a return to Targ rule. Knowing Bob's hatred of the merest sniff of Targyness if Dornish presence at the wedding was known Bob would have gone on a rampage, and a Dornish envoy at the wedding would certainly be in any report back the king Bob.I forgot to mention that I really like Mark Addy as Bob. I was a bit dubious about him given is past roles (albeit he always put in quality performances), but he does a great job. His emotion in the crypt was great, I really felt the depth of his love and hate. Will be sorry to see him go.Well, Ser Jorah reports to Varys, and Varys would probably want to keep a lid on that kind of info. So I don't think it's a blunder.
861	Shagga son of Dolf	2011-04-19	Is Shagga the only one who notices how ridiculous the servant seemed when running into the middle of the set and yelling "My lady, that water is too hot!" (paraphrase)
Did I miss something?
Couldn't there have been a better way to make the point that Dany is heat-resistant?
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________This is the post of Shagga son of Dolf!
862	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-19	Nobles in the medieval time period were very healthy and ate very well, generally.  We can know this because we know how much armor their knights lugged around, and if they weren't healthy they simply couldn't do it.  The medieval armor kit weighed about the same as the modern military kit and also the same as the Roman military kit and armor: around 75 to 80 pounds.  You can't march or fight or train all day wearing that kind of weight without being in very fine shape.In point of fact there's a very good argument that nobles in medieval times ate a better quality diet than we do now. It's mainly the peasants wot were hopelessly undernourished.Oh yeah, forgot that Varys is the middle man for the info flowing out of Dany's camp.
863	Dragonfish	2011-04-19	RE: the possible Doom of Valyria mural.
I just watched the episode again, and the mural behind Viserys definitely depicts ships on the ocean. And in wider shots, the ocean appears to rise behind them, carrying other ships. I'm not 100% sure about this, and I know this is possibly wishful thinking on my part, but I'm really starting to think the mural does depict the Doom. Would anyone happen to have screenshots of the episode that show this mural?
864	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-19	THIS!   /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> I'm dying for screencaps!  I watched the episode 3 times and haven't seen half the details that have been pointed out in these threads.  Others with crystal swords or icicles?  An Unsullied... smiling??  Ethereal glow around Dany and Viserys?  Screencaps, screencaps, please!  Anybody?  Anywhere?  Share?How did we ever manage before DVRs?Other with an icicle/crystal sword, in the process of beheading: http://i52.tinypic.com/23vj7kw.jpgUnsullied smiling (hard to see in a still photo, but he's smiling, honest!): http://i55.tinypic.com/2ce6rv5.pngI haven't seen the ethereal glow, but if someone can describe where it is I'll see if I can get a screencap of that too.
865	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-19	RE: the possible Doom of Valyria mural.I just watched the episode again, and the mural behind Viserys definitely depicts ships on the ocean. And in wider shots, the ocean appears to rise behind them, carrying other ships. I'm not 100% sure about this, and I know this is possibly wishful thinking on my part, but I'm really starting to think the mural does depict the Doom. Would anyone happen to have screenshots of the episode that show this mural?http://i53.tinypic.com/34gmuk3.png
866	brook	2011-04-19	My husband ranted for about 15 minutes straight about the injustice of Bran's 'death', I haven't told him he lives yet, its too amusing /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I really enjoyed the chemistry between Cat and Ned, I'm still not sold on the changes to Cat's character but she looks beautiful and seeing the Starks together and happy nearly broke my heart knowing what is in store.
I also thought the crypt scene was wonderfully done by Addy, his pain felt genuine.
Overall I was never going to be perfectly happy with everything but I think they did a great job.
867	Dragonfish	2011-04-20	http://i53.tinypic.com/34gmuk3.pngThanks, that helps. But later on in the scene more of the mural is shown, could you or someone else get a screenshot of that?
868	juicy b0nes	2011-04-20	I also thought the crypt scene was wonderfully done by Addy, his pain felt genuine.I enjoyed this scene also. Did anyone else recognize how they really wanted Addy to sweat when coming down there to emphasize him being out of shape? it was just like the book! yet another small detail added which fills me with excitement for the coming episodes!
869	Myrish swan	2011-04-20	I don't remember Cersei from AGoT well at all, but I agree completely that for TV it works better to show her as a complex and somewhat sympathetic character.  Her disgust/inability to control Robert's behavior was key to establishing the power dynamic between men and women in the show.  And it was probably also the best way to show us the moral complexity in Ned's decision to support Robert.  Rahter than just telling us that Robert is a bad king, Cersei shows us that he hurts his family and obviously has offended a powerful noble house that otherwise should have been among his strongest supporters.  And perhaps most importantly, it helps make sense of her and Jaime.  if their husbands are jerks, there's very little they can (officially) do about it.  I thought it was brilliant to pair the over-the-top cruelty of Viserys towards his sister, with the more subtle cruelty of Robert towards Cersei. I agree with this completely. I also think that by showing Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blatant, thoughtless womanizing, the tv series may just be bringing up a question that has always bothered meâ<U+0080><U+0094>namely, are Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actions with Jaime actually worse than Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s with half of the women of kings landing? Is Robert truly morally superior to the incestuous Cersei? Or was the later simply giving as good as she got?I think the show is going to give us an interesting way to explore Cerseiâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character by presenting her from a slightly different perspective.  From the first book, she is presented as very much the villain of the series; Ned distrusts and (initially with insufficient cause) seems to hate her. However, if you think about it, though her actions in the first three books prove her to be a ruthless and highly grey character, but there are some indications that she has some decent motives behind her morally repellent actions.  Is she a truly evil bitch, or just a proud, ambitious, and unforgiving woman, doing what needs to be done to keep herself and her loved ones safe in a dangerous political environment? In the books, the answer to this is clear, especially after Cersei gets her own POV in AFFC. She is pure evil, with few redeeming qualities. However, I think that presenting the character through the medium of television may allow for a certain amount of ambiguity in her actions that the books lacked. Furthermore, I think the T.V. show may allow Cersei something that the books repeatedly refuse her: dignity. In some of the scenes with Lena Heady, it seems as though she is playing Cersei less as a malicious harpy, more as a woman who knows what she must do for power, and is willing to do it. There also seems to be some warmth in the scene weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve seen with Sansa, which is something Cersei does not get much of in the books either.
					
					
							Edited by Myrish swan, 20 April 2011 - 12:52 AM.
870	Myrish swan	2011-04-20	My husband ranted for about 15 minutes straight about the injustice of Bran's 'death', I haven't told him he lives yet, its too amusing /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Ha! It is indeed fun (and funny) to watch this series with people who haven't read the books. Their reactions, and their innocent sureness about what "has to happen" is just priceless. I was watching it with my two roomates, and their reactions to the "the things I do for love" scene alone was just great. First they both flipped out over the big incest reveal ("Oh my God, that isn't... is that HIS SISTER! Oh, gross!!!!") Then, their reaction to Bran's fall. ("Oh no... he's dead! I can't believe they just killed a little kid on T.V.") Then, when they saw the preview for next weeks episode, they kept talking about how Catelyn and/ or Ned will get revenge on Jaime.My one roommate asked me, "Is the dad going to get revenge now?"I just said, "Don't worry, Ned Stark will get his." They both seemed very comforted by that, hee hee.
871	juicy b0nes	2011-04-20	I just said, "Don't worry, Ned Stark will get his." They both seemed very comforted by that, hee hee.baw haha, well put response. Almost up there with a Tyrion quip!
872	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-20	Ha! It is indeed fun (and funny) to watch this series with people who haven't read the books. Their reactions, and their innocent sureness about what "has to happen" is just priceless. I was watching it with my two roomates, and their reactions to the "the things I do for love" scene alone was just great. First they both flipped out over the big incest reveal ("Oh my God, that isn't... is that HIS SISTER! Oh, gross!!!!") Then, their reaction to Bran's fall. ("Oh no... he's dead! I can't believe they just killed a little kid on T.V.") Then, when they saw the preview for next weeks episode, they kept talking about how Catelyn and/ or Ned will get revenge on Jaime.My one roommate asked me, "Is the dad going to get revenge now?"I just said, "Don't worry, Ned Stark will get his." They both seemed very comforted by that, hee hee.Cruelness, are you a Lannister to treat your friends so? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> See, this is the bummer about being in a country where it's not on TV so there are no noobs for me to toy with over what happens. Though my brother-in-law will be watching the show soon and he's never read the books, that should be fun, only I won't get to see the look on his face because he lives in a different city.Really glad these scenes are getting people emotionally worked up.
873	elmis	2011-04-20	I don't like that the Hound is so old in the HBO series. In the books he's what? 27-28 or around there.. in the series he looks older than Jamie. Rory McCann is 42, and he looks like he's 42. 
I wonder how they'll play out the whole Sansa bit if it goes that far. I can a traumatised mid twenties man without much of a real childhood being so interested in Sansa without it getting super creepy (sepcially with how mature the Stark kids are), but a 40 year old dude?
874	DemiNymph	2011-04-20	I don't like that the Hound is so old in the HBO series. In the books he's what? 27-28 or around there.. in the series he looks older than Jamie. Rory McCann is 42, and he looks like he's 42. I wonder how they'll play out the whole Sansa bit if it goes that far. I can a traumatised mid twenties man without much of a real childhood being so interested in Sansa without it getting super creepy (sepcially with how mature the Stark kids are), but a 40 year old dude?Oh, it is not unheard of. Remember Jorah Mormont vs Dany.
875	arrowfan	2011-04-20	I don't like that the Hound is so old in the HBO series. In the books he's what? 27-28 or around there.. in the series he looks older than Jamie. Rory McCann is 42, and he looks like he's 42. I wonder how they'll play out the whole Sansa bit if it goes that far. I can a traumatised mid twenties man without much of a real childhood being so interested in Sansa without it getting super creepy (sepcially with how mature the Stark kids are), but a 40 year old dude?Well they did "age-up" a number of the characters for the HBO production.  But for me, I don't have a problem with his age; I picture him more like the fan art, more goth I guess. Sandor is tough character to flesh out.   Anyway, definitely looking forward to his talking parts in eps to come!Edit: and as long as the actor for Sandor is believable, I think the parts with Sansa will be just as creepy and cool as in the books
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 20 April 2011 - 04:20 AM.
876	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-20	Is Shagga the only one who notices how ridiculous the servant seemed when running into the middle of the set and yelling "My lady, that water is too hot!" (paraphrase)Did I miss something?Couldn't there have been a better way to make the point that Dany is heat-resistant?_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________This is the post of Shagga son of Dolf!You missed the part, many moons ago, where George said Dany is not heat resistant and her event at the end of the book is a one time deal, never to be repeated, unique confluence of mystical energies blah de blah.It was a random line thrown in as something for the fans to pick up on as a foreshadowing of that future significant event.Personally I don't think the line was all that well delivered, but what can you expect from some random, wannabe, no name, walk on actress.
877	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-20	Oh, it is not unheard of. Remember Jorah Mormont vs Dany.Not to talk about Grand Maester Pycelle and the young ones he's paying for.
878	Hedwig	2011-04-20	One question that I haven't found answered in the threads I looked so far:
I know that Jennifer Ehle was originally supposed to portray Catelyn Stark. What was the reason that she was replaced?
In my opinion, she would have made a much better Catelyn whose portrayal was one of the only things that left me a bit meh after the first episode.
879	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-20	Thanks, that helps. But later on in the scene more of the mural is shown, could you or someone else get a screenshot of that?There isn't much more to see, really. http://i54.tinypic.com/b3v0y0.png shows more of the mural, but it's in less focus than before.
880	The Iceman of the North	2011-04-20	The one scene I was disapointed in was the direwolf scene.  In the books, even when reading them the first time, I was able to pick up on all the little omens that were in that scene.  With all kids getting a pup except Jon, with the stags antler killing the direwolf, with the finding of the white pup.  All of the mystical and oracle properties of that scene just weren't there.Didn't someone straight out mention the hart/direwolf omen in the book?Is Shagga the only one who notices how ridiculous the servant seemed when running into the middle of the set and yelling "My lady, that water is too hot!" (paraphrase)Did I miss something?I agree, it would have made more sense if she said it before Dany stepped into the pool.
881	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-20	No. It shows during Dany's rebirth scene. That's the first time we see it. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> Guess I should double-check my source material before posting!
882	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-20	Other with an icicle/crystal sword, in the process of beheading: http://i52.tinypic.com/23vj7kw.jpgDon't know if you noticed this, but in your sreenshot it looks like there is another Other standing in the background.  You can only see his head, right about where Gared's head used to be.  Is that what I think it is?
883	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-20	Don't know if you noticed this, but in your sreenshot it looks like there is another Other standing in the background.  You can only see his head, right about where Gared's head used to be.  Is that what I think it is?There are at least four Others in that shot that I count. There's the one with the sword beheading Gared, the other (#2) behind Gared that you saw, a third one behind and to the left of #2, and a fourth one to the right of #1. The third one's hard to make out in the single frame but it's definitely there, and the fourth one is easy to see if you know where to look.I'm not sure what you think it is- not Ser Royce, I don't think. Just about a split second earlier (before Gared falls to the side) you can see Other #2 holding another ice sword.
884	Brienne the Beauty	2011-04-20	I wonder how they'll play out the whole Sansa bit if it goes that far. I can a traumatised mid twenties man without much of a real childhood being so interested in Sansa without it getting super creepy (sepcially with how mature the Stark kids are), but a 40 year old dude?It's damn creepy in the books, too. Much as I think their "relationship" is very interesting I think it's meant to be creepy. Sandor has all sorts of issues. It's not a sweet romance like between Robb and Jeyne. It is meant to have a tension of "wrongness" to it.
885	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-20	There are at least four Others in that shot that I count...Having seen 15 minute preview on a small TV, I was surprised by the number of Others in the scene... almost giddy even /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
886	Papa Manderly's Meat Pie	2011-04-20	There are at least four Others in that shot that I count. There's the one with the sword beheading Gared, the other (#2) behind Gared that you saw, a third one behind and to the left of #2, and a fourth one to the right of #1. The third one's hard to make out in the single frame but it's definitely there, and the fourth one is easy to see if you know where to look.I'm not sure what you think it is- not Ser Royce, I don't think. Just about a split second earlier (before Gared falls to the side) you can see Other #2 holding another ice sword.I just meant is that actually an Other or am I seeing things.I didn't even see the other Others.  I really need to watch this in HD.Also, I think the book is closed on how successful this adaptation is.  HBO just renewed it for a second season. http://grrm.livejour...com/211736.htmlIf they did that after just the first episode, then I am really excited for the future of this endeavor.
887	Axon	2011-04-20	Oh, it's a great adaption.  I just think fans believed it was going to shatter all opening records.  Not so.  It did extremely well, though it did not best Boardwalk Empire (though I don't think anything will for quite some time).  I think the series will ultimately average a 3 rating per episode, because it only gets better from here.
888	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-20	Oh, it's a great adaption.  I just think fans believed it was going to shatter all opening records.  Not so.  It did extremely well, though it did not best Boardwalk Empire (though I don't think anything will for quite some time).  I think the series will ultimately average a 3 rating per episode, because it only gets better from here.Yeah, Boardwalk Empire had a pretty strong draw in Scorsese directing the pilot so it's of course hard to beat. It's like if GoT would have had Peter Jackson directing it's pilot.
889	Dragonfish	2011-04-20	There isn't much more to see, really. http://i54.tinypic.com/b3v0y0.png shows more of the mural, but it's in less focus than before.Thanks again. Although it is really out of focus, it looks to me like the water is rising up behind the ships. Could be the Doom, or it could be my brain playing tricks on me.
890	wolverine	2011-04-20	It's damn creepy in the books, too. Much as I think their "relationship" is very interesting I think it's meant to be creepy. Sandor has all sorts of issues. It's not a sweet romance like between Robb and Jeyne. It is meant to have a tension of "wrongness" to it.Ok, did I miss something in the books?  I don't remember any romance between the two.  I haven't read the books in 6 years, or however long ago it came out, but all I remember is Sansa feeling a bit sorry for him and maybe thinking he is not a complete monster.So did they kiss, express their love for each other, do anything that constitutes a romance?  I didn't know that feeling pity/understanding/compassion for someone meant they were romantic.
891	Jon M	2011-04-20	Yes, FUCK shows up all the time in the books. You're self-censoring.If you're really having a hard time with them changing completely unimportant details chances are there will never be a show that will work for you as far as this goes. If it bothers you that Dany doesn't have purple eyes or that they don't show a 13 year old getting naked and being raped on television, you're likely not going to be happy.I havenÂ<U+0092>t read the books in a couple of years. I just started AGoT again. It certainly doesnÂ<U+0092>t appear as often as itÂ<U+0092>s used in the show. And I didnÂ<U+0092>t say IÂ<U+0092>m having a hard time with them changing those details, just that they couldÂ<U+0092>ve done it better. As for the last comment, I wonÂ<U+0092>t even dignify that with a response. My problem with the post-wedding scene, which I just finished reading yesterday, is that Dany was not raped in the book. The scene ends with her saying Â<U+0093>yesÂ<U+0094> and guiding his hand down and finger in. Them not taking that scene out all the way in the show ultimately takes away from DrogoÂ<U+0092>s character. This thread includes Book Spoilers, and I was the one who brought up the topic of iron swords vs. spears in the show, because I feel that the iron swords in the book are important. So. Tangential maybe, but not irrelevant, in my opinion.That was the fact that started the little discussion we were having. JackintheBeanstalk felt that there might have been a significance of the swords in relation to the Others and that this change would in that case not work with that.Edit: Apparently I can't read and missed that Jack had already responded to this.Gotcha. Like I said, I didnÂ<U+0092>t have the time or energy to read the previous 10 pages or the previous thread. If you look closely, you'll see that it's great swords, not spears. They are held upright like spears, not over the knees as in the book, but they are still swords.I will have to look at that again, thanks for catching that & letting us know!Seriously?  The word is used on numerous occasions, by multiple characters.  The "40,000 men and their horses" line defines Viserys as well as any other line of dialogue he says.  You don't remember that from the book?I had forgotten about that scene until I read it yesterday. They tried purple contact lenses for Viserys and Dany.  Apparently they were extremely uncomfortable for the actors, so they dropped it.Also, I've read that due to "Lost" also having a group of people known as "the Others," the producers decided to go with "White Walkers."I forget how uncomfortable contacts are if you donÂ<U+0092>t normally wear them. That makes sense!I thought about that regarding Â<U+0093>LostÂ<U+0094> but I think if they had just identified them in the opening, it wouldÂ<U+0092>ve been ok. ItÂ<U+0092>s not like the makers of Â<U+0093>LostÂ<U+0094> couldÂ<U+0092>ve copyrighted it. i<U+008A>Also, regarding Tyrion's hair color, speaking as someone who's tried to go platinum blond- it's really hard to go that blond and not look like crap.  You need just the right skin tone, and Peter Dinklage (Tyrion) does not have it.  Going any blonder with him would have looked terrible.That makes sense too. I can see that there are certain things like that which canÂ<U+0092>t be done for good reasons and  these are small details, but they wouldÂ<U+0092>ve added to the show for me. At least they sort of forked IllyrioÂ<U+0092>s beard i<U+008A>My only real concern is with opening scene (prologue of the book).  I just can't figure out why they changed the scene from the book.  Not only do we not have the dramatic scene of the kid hiding in the tree while the Others kill the rest of his scouting party, but we're left with a seriously un-explained escape by the kid.  In the pilot... the kid is on his knees within 10-15 feet of the Other.  How did he escape sure death at the hands of the Others? Oh well.I agree. I think the opening was entirely too long for as little as they did with it. But then, many scenes have been changed in ways that donÂ<U+0092>t make sense and seem unnecessary. -- Kingsguard armor didn't bother me as much as it does some others, apparently. Hound's helm is pure awesome.-- This episode was too short. A lot of things seemed rushed. Should have been 90 minutes, ending at the same place but filling in some of the scenes more. -- Robb seems completely personality-free. Hopefully he has one somewhere. Rickon is completely invisible (although to be fair he's basically invisible in the books too).I mostly liked the Kingsguard armor, though it certainly wasnÂ<U+0092>t white. The only thing there that I noticed was that Jaime wasnÂ<U+0092>t wearing his white cloak. There was nothing in the opening that showed he was part of the Kingsguard. Maybe itÂ<U+0092>s not relevant yet, but why not just start it off right?I also loved the HoundÂ<U+0092>s helm!I agree that it was too short. A lot of premieres are longer and they couldÂ<U+0092>ve done a lot with the extra time. They left out a lot of stuff that will be missed and included stuff that was either irrelevant or unnecessary. I think the kid playing Rickon is just right. I agree with you on Robb, though. I think they got the look right (unlike Jon) but heÂ<U+0092>s got no personality and the actor, like many, doesnÂ<U+0092>t seem comfortable with his character. Regarding "fuck", it shows up five times in AGOT: Viserys threatening to let the khalasar have their way with Dany, Arya talking to city guards outside the Red Keep ("I want to fuck the queen myself, for all the good it does me"), Littlefinger goading Ned by asking if he "fuck[s] with the King's ---", Tyrion raging against Mort the jailor in the Eyrie, and a dying Robert exasperated with Ned ("Ah, fuck you, Ned, I killed the bastard, didn't I?")Thank you! IÂ<U+0092>ve only run into the first one so far in my re-read of AGoT. I guess the main thing I was getting at is that itÂ<U+0092>s not used nearly as much in the books as it was in the first episode, which you just verified. I know itÂ<U+0092>s HBO, but that doesnÂ<U+0092>t mean you have to include it in every other line, especially when it adds nothing to the show. In the book, I think it comes as less of a surprise, because Bran is listening to Jaime and Cersei talk without seeing them at first, and from the conversation, you can figure out who it is and put two and two together - there are two pages of conversation and a few incriminating noises before Bran actually sees them, which has a different effect than the OMG SEX of the show. Although the scene isn't extremely sensual in the book, it shows a lot more about the kind of relationship that they have - obviously something that would have taken too long on TV, but nonetheless, one that has a much different and more personal tone.A lot of what was said during this scene in the book they moved to the scene where Jaime and Cersei were looking down on Jon ArrynÂ<U+0092>s body. I donÂ<U+0092>t understand why they even included that scene, since it was unnecessary and didnÂ<U+0092>t appear in the book. And Hodor is FAT. I imagined him thin, but I dont remember the book description.I havenÂ<U+0092>t gotten to the description of Hodor in the book, but I also thought was more Â<U+0093>lean & meanÂ<U+0094> in the book and younger as well. I'm pretty sure you'd miss the face in the godswood tree in standard definition. Even in HD, it's subtle.I was watching in HD and the only reason I saw the face is because I looked for it. Even looking for it, it took me a minute to find it. Didn't someone straight out mention the hart/direwolf omen in the book?I agree, it would have made more sense if she said it before Dany stepped into the pool.No one mentioned that omen in the book, as far as I recall. I just passed that scene in the book and it hasnÂ<U+0092>t been mentioned yet.I donÂ<U+0092>t know whatÂ<U+0092>s up with how this forum software works, but itÂ<U+0092>s driving me a little nuts. When IÂ<U+0092>m typing it keeps jumping to the top and Â<U+0093>Multi-quoteÂ<U+0094> only works one page at a time. Annoying!
892	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-20	Didn't someone straight out mention the hart/direwolf omen in the book?No, it is not voiced, but it is mentioned that people took it to mean something by how they reacted to the bit of antler. I didn't catch the significance of it until I did a reread.
893	Myrish swan	2011-04-20	Okay, I've got a minor, and sort of silly question regarding Theon. 
During the shaving scene with the three boys, Jon asks Rob and Theon why they have to get all fixed up (shaven?) for the king. Theon then makes a sly comment that he suspects its for the queen. And then he says something about the queen, but I really couldn't make it out. Did anyone else manage to catch his line there?
I know its ridiculous to be dwelling on small things like this, but its just that Theon got so few lines, I'm kind of dwelling on every one. Also, I'm really curious to see what Theon would say about Cersei...
894	Aoife	2011-04-20	"I hear she's a sleek bit of mink." Or something like that. Definitely something "mink".
895	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-20	I had forgotten about that scene until I read it yesterday.That's cool.  I've reread the series 3 times and there are "well known" lines I don't always remember verbatim either.  That one just stuck out to me for whatever reason.I mostly liked the Kingsguard armor, though it certainly wasnÂ<U+0092>t white.I'm glad Kinsguard armor isn't *quite* white - enameled, solid white armor would draw derisive comparisons to Imperial stormtroopers from Star Wars.  Sometimes things "read better" than they look in real life.  On a GoT thread at another forum I frequent (unrelated to ASOIAF) a guy was complaining about Jaime's armor not being "golden" enough.  Shiny golden armor is fun to read about but would probably look silly or cheap on a TV screen.I think the kid playing Rickon is just right. I agree with you on Robb, though. I think they got the look right (unlike Jon) but heÂ<U+0092>s got no personality and the actor, like many, doesnÂ<U+0092>t seem comfortable with his character.This is very common in pilot/premiere episodes in any genre.  The actors don't really know exactly how to play their characters yet, especially if they don't have many lines.  I expect everyone's performances to improve as the show progresses.  That's one reason I haven't gotten my drawers in a twist over too many minor foibles thus far.  It's just ONE episode and there are at least 19 more to go (hopefully many more than that).As to Richard Madden as Robb, his performance didn't do much for me either with the notable exception of the look he gave Joffrey (making eyes at Sansa) in Winterfell's courtyard as the royal party rode in.  Quite amusing and befitting a protective older brother.    A lot of what was said during this scene in the book they moved to the scene where Jaime and Cersei were looking down on Jon ArrynÂ<U+0092>s body. I donÂ<U+0092>t understand why they even included that scene, since it was unnecessary and didnÂ<U+0092>t appear in the book.It was important for a number of reasons to non readers:- Firmly established the Lannister family, particularly Cersei & Jaime, as important players in the series (remember, neither has a POV chapter in the first book)- Drove home the death of Jon Arryn as an important event, and more than a passing mention from Cat to Ned in the next scene- Explained what the "Hand of the King" is and began to sketch the outline of the power structure in King's Landing- Hinted that something sinister was afoot and that Jon Arryn had knowledge of itAll these are essential points to establish with the audience.  I thought the scene was executed brilliantly as it was 100% exposition but didn't immmediately appear that way.  Like it or not, TV series need expository scenes like this for the benefit of those not familiar with the source material (or don't remember every detail /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />).I havenÂ<U+0092>t gotten to the description of Hodor in the book, but I also thought was more Â<U+0093>lean & meanÂ<U+0094> in the book and younger as well.Younger yes, but I envisioned him being a very large, burly man, obviously strong.  Build-wise I think Kristian Nairn is perfect.  His age (34) is also fine considering all the aging-up that was done with other characters.
896	Eponine	2011-04-20	I agree with you on Robb, though. I think they got the look right (unlike Jon) but heÂ<U+0092>s got no personality and the actor, like many, doesnÂ<U+0092>t seem comfortable with his character. Well then that's true to the book at least.I think that most people would be hard pressed to put together any real description of Robb's personality from the first book. In the first half, he behaves like almost any 16 year old boy would, and in the second half, we only see him from Bran's POV, he spends most of his time trying to behave like a man, and we are somehow supposed to believe that he grows up so fast that he unites all his father's lords to do what he wants, although he's not given all that much dialog. IMO, none of that adds up to a solid personality though.
897	Smiler	2011-04-20	I don't know if this has been mentioned, but I saw the Hound in the episode 2 clip.  For those of you who were disappointed in his appearance (like me), he looks much much better in the next episode.  They didn't take it to the burned up Two-Face level, but his hair and scars look better and he looks pretty rugged.  No sound bite yet, but he looks more like our tormented "fuck your ser" character that we all love.
898	Rodgex	2011-04-20	I don't know if this has been mentioned, but I saw the Hound in the episode 2 clip. For those of you who were disappointed in his appearance (like me), he looks much much better in the next episode. They didn't take it to the burned up Two-Face level, but his hair and scars look better and he looks pretty rugged. No sound bite yet, but he looks more like our tormented "fuck your ser" character that we all love.That is quite good, I was disappointed that all he seemed to have was a hound shaped helmet, so hopefully we will see his scars!!!
899	Rinso	2011-04-20	I see that there are many discussions around here. I also see that I'll beat a dead horse with some of my points, but I feel like I want to share my opinion, even though nobody but me cares and that it probably won't be new or fresh. So, the easiest way is to do a simple list of the things I liked and the things I disliked, and then give my brief opinion. Things I liked:- The acting. Not a single performance I dislike so far, although we didnÂ<U+0092>t saw much from everyone involved and there are characters that are yet to appear. IÂ<U+0092>d classify Mark AddyÂ<U+0092>s Robert and Nikolaj Coster-WaldauÂ<U+0092>s Jaime as the ones that made the biggest impression on me. Mark Addy is Robert, the guys and gals who doubted him at first clearly have judged wrong. From his drunkenly flustered face, through his rough rowdy laugh, to his energetic body-language that doesnÂ<U+0092>t quite fit his body and shows that he once was a drasticly different person, he embodies what Robert is. As for Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, the Â<U+0093>Things I do for loveÂ<U+0094> scene completely sold me, and I canÂ<U+0092>t wait to see more of him in the next episodes and seasons. The way he looked at Bran and said Â<U+0093>Ten?Â<U+0094> was brilliant, so much was conveyed into this simple one line. The look in his eyes and his voice said Â<U+0093>My whole life I was labeled the Kingslayer, a liar and an oathbreaker, with shit for honor. And now IÂ<U+0092>m gonna kill a 10-year old kid because he saw me fuck my sister. WhatÂ<U+0092>s next?Â<U+0094> The guy nailed Jaime for me, and I heartily forgive his unmatching-my-imagination look. Tyrion and Cersei were also cool, but IÂ<U+0092>ll reserve my gushing for the second episode, when we should see more of them. Ned was Ned Â<U+0096> cold-blooded, stoic, a bit angsty, canÂ<U+0092>t ask for more. Michele FairleyÂ<U+0092>s Catelyn acted and behaved exactly like she should, even though there were considerable changes about her attitude towards NedÂ<U+0092>s future Handship and IÂ<U+0092>m interested to see more of her. The kids were all cool, but thereÂ<U+0092>s more to see, one episode wasnÂ<U+0092>t enough to make any judgement whatsoever. We got good look at Jon, Bran and Sansa, but Robb and Arya needed more spotlight. Next episode will amend that. - IÂ<U+0092>m in love with the intro. The bas-reliefs surrounding the stylistic sun and depicting the various events of the setting Â<U+0091>s history were gorgeous. Especially loved the wolf, the lion and the stag killing the dragon Â<U+0096> thereÂ<U+0092>s the War of the Usurper explained symbolically in less than 10 seconds. And, considering that David & Dan have had spoilery conversations with GRRM, itÂ<U+0092>s save to say we finally saw what the Doom of Valyria is, methinks /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' /> - The show is faithful as hell. Yes, it doesn't look like I imagine it when I read about it in the books. Yes, there are new scenes, and some of the canonic ones are slightly changed in one aspect or the other. But the spirit of ASoIaF is here. David & Dan are truly fans of the books, it's not just a stunt, and it shows. Things I didnÂ<U+0092>t like:- The Â<U+0093>wedding nightÂ<U+0094> of Dany and Drogo. Why did they change it? When I read the books for the first time, the way that Drogo treated Dany, with equal parts seduction and reassurance, made huge impression to me and it showed me that he wasnÂ<U+0092>t the monster she initially precieved him to be. In the books, he took his time and was very tender and considerate; here, he just undressed her and bent her over, and that was it? He basically raped her here. I think that his gentlemanly behavior in their wedding night was an important factor about how their relationship began, and I was sad to see this changed. - IÂ<U+0092>m still Â<U+0093>so-soÂ<U+0094> on the Prologue and its Brownish-Blackish Walkers. I watched the episode with my father, heÂ<U+0092>s read the books, and he couldnÂ<U+0092>t recognize them as the Others. Nuff' said.  - Also, the Dothraki just donÂ<U+0092>t look right. Not only are they not appropriately Mongolian-like, but they are also inconsistent Â<U+0096> some of them are clearly Caucasian, with lighter skin and fairer hair while others are almost completely Africanoid. They definitely dropped the ball with the Dothraki look in my eyes. Though, I admit, their language sounds cool. - Almost no direwolf presence, apart from Summer. There was scenes where there was room for Nymeria and Ghost, at least, to be shown and for the viewer to see that there is an actual bond between NedÂ<U+0092>s kids and the wolf pups. That can be fixed in the next episode, and probably will be, but still. Also, the symbolism of the stag and the wolf that killed each other was completely unexplained, and would have been good to be otherwise. There is the hope that people might catch the subtext as the season progresses, though I have doubts.- I think that, so far, the show isn't very friendly to non-readers. It's not really their fault, though. They have put a decent amount of infodumps, and have tried really hard to make all of this understandable to people who haven't read the books, but the sheer amount of characters that are introduced with their agendas and personalities is stunning. Ned, Catelyn, Jon, Sansa, Bran, Jaime, Tyrion, Cersei, Viserys, Daenerys, Illyrio, Drogo... and those are only the guys with more lines and screen time, there are as much secondary ones. To a non-geek who hasn't read the books, it's probably a mess of guys with greasy hair and furry cloaks.So, all in all? Yay or nay? Absolutely yay. Yes, my complaints are more, but they are also more meaningless. The important things - acting and faithfulness are nailed (or, at least, nailed enough, there is a tiny bit more to be desired in the faithfulness stuff). I watched it and I loved it, and I want more.
900	Kalbear	2011-04-20	- The Â<U+0093>wedding nightÂ<U+0094> of Dany and Drogo. Why did they change it? When I read the books for the first time, the way that Drogo treated Dany, with equal parts seduction and reassurance, made huge impression to me and it showed me that he wasnÂ<U+0092>t the monster she initially precieved him to be. In the books, he took his time and was very tender and considerate; here, he just undressed her and bent her over, and that was it? He basically raped her here. I think that his gentlemanly behavior in their wedding night was an important factor about how their relationship began, and I was sad to see this changed.It was changed because they weren't going to spend a couple minutes on a porn scene that they can address later on in a slightly modified but more expedient way. It's also going to play pretty badly in a cheesy romance novel way if you can't see Dany's thoughts and all you see is her first being unsure then totally into it from this huge guy she barely knows, doesn't speak the language and doesn't want to marry. On TV that would almost certainly not have worked.
901	Rinso	2011-04-20	So simply undressing her then bending her over to have your way with her is better and less cheesy?
902	AquariumDrinker	2011-04-20	So simply undressing her then bending her over to have your way with her is better and less cheesy?They cut out the picnic due to time issues
903	Xenophon	2011-04-20	- Also, the Dothraki just donÂ<U+0092>t look right. Not only are they not appropriately Mongolian-like, but they are also inconsistent Â<U+0096> some of them are clearly Caucasian, with lighter skin and fairer hair while others are almost completely Africanoid. They definitely dropped the ball with the Dothraki look in my eyes. Though, I admit, their language sounds cool. ...- I think that, so far, the show isn't very friendly to non-readers. It's not really their fault, though. They have put a decent amount of infodumps, and have tried really hard to make all of this understandable to people who haven't read the books, but the sheer amount of characters that are introduced with their agendas and personalities is stunning. Ned, Catelyn, Jon, Sansa, Bran, Jaime, Tyrion, Cersei, Viserys, Daenerys, Illyrio, Drogo... and those are only the guys with more lines and screen time, there are as much secondary ones. To a non-geek who hasn't read the books, it's probably a mess of guys with greasy hair and furry cloaks.Re. the Dothraki, I think HBO has deliberately re-envisioned them as less racially homogeneous than in the books.  Which actually makes sense if you think of them as like the Mongols, conquering and absorbing various peoples (it also makes Drogo's choice of wife less unusual).  I agree, though, that the execution wasn't great.  The combination of the anything-brownish casting with crazy costumes made them look straight out of a B-movie, IMO. Re. new viewers, I also thought it would be too much, but neither my wife, nor my friend had much trouble with it.  They didn't follow everything, but they got enough for the outlines to be clear.
904	Kalbear	2011-04-20	So simply undressing her then bending her over to have your way with her is better and less cheesy?It's certainly faster to do, shows almost as much information, and if her being comfortable with Drogo later on (after learning how to please him and herself) happens like I think, it's entirely redundant. It's easy to show that Drogo wasn't totally rough with her (and they did do this, especially in comparison to the wedding party), and it's easy to show that Drogo wants to make her happy, he just doesn't know how. This is actually kinda confusing in the books; why would he switch from 'get her all excited' to 'don't care, moving on' back to 'hey, this foreplay thing is kinda awesome'? I get the foreplay the first night and then not worrying about it, but if he doesn't care after the first time why would he change?
905	TerraPrime	2011-04-20	[mod hat]A reminder that we have started a whole thread on Dany/Drogo, which can be found here. [/mod hat]
906	Ser_Pounce	2011-04-20	What's up with the pronunciation of "Arya," it sounds like they're saying "EYE-ah"?  That can't be right, there's an "r" in there!  I've always thought it was "are-EE-ah" (like "Aria" in music).
Or an I just hearing it wrong?
907	TerraPrime	2011-04-20	What's up with the pronunciation of "Arya," it sounds like they're saying "EYE-ah"?  That can't be right, there's an "r" in there!  I've always thought it was "are-EE-ah" (like "Aria" in music).Or an I just hearing it wrong?I believe that's how Martin said it should be pronounced. The one with the "r" sound is wrong. There was a thread a long time ago by those who met Martin at various conventions asking about pronunciation of character names.
908	Kalbear	2011-04-20	As I said over at TWOP - to you, I think - it's AAARRRRRya. Like a pirate. That comes straight from GRRM's wife. It is not like the song term.
909	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-20	Plus, the wiki at this very site (http://awoiaf.wester...iation_of_names) cites GRRM himself in a television interview:Arya GRRM-FF ['É<U+0091>É1iÉ<U+0099>], like English aria
910	Starkess	2011-04-20	It sounded like the r was there, just not a very strong sound. The emphasis is definitely the first syllable.
911	Daenerys	2011-04-20	It was important for a number of reasons to non readers:- Firmly established the Lannister family, particularly Cersei & Jaime, as important players in the series (remember, neither has a POV chapter in the first book)- Drove home the death of Jon Arryn as an important event, and more than a passing mention from Cat to Ned in the next scene- Explained what the "Hand of the King" is and began to sketch the outline of the power structure in King's Landing- Hinted that something sinister was afoot and that Jon Arryn had knowledge of itAll these are essential points to establish with the audience.  I thought the scene was executed brilliantly as it was 100% exposition but didn't immmediately appear that way.  Like it or not, TV series need expository scenes like this for the benefit of those not familiar with the source material (or don't remember every detail /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />).Yes, and also, it establishes that being Hand is VERY DANGEROUS, and hints that most of them don't last very long...which will obviously soon become important when Ned ponders taking it up. And it establishes that Jaime isn't really interested in power, not to the extent that Cersei is.I liked the scene and I agree it's important for a number of reasons. To be honest, the first time I read the books, it took me a while to realize the full importance of the Jon Arryn plot. So it is good to have that reinforced early, before Catelyn and Ned get the letter.
912	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-20	Man, I'm so glad we got that screen shot with the Others and the sword. Holy shit! A crystal fucking sword! That is so awesome I can barely stand it. It looks like a vicious icicle of death. And then there's the other Others back there in the mist? All talking in their broken ice language? Soooo cooool.
And it makes me sad that you guys weren't feeling Robb. I thought he was awesome because he was able to convey quite a bit in a subtle way, without overdoing it. For example, there was that amazing look he gave his mom during the feast scene -  it was part "oh come on I was having fun, why do I have to do this",  part "oh shit, i'm in trouble" and part "yes, yes, i'm the big brother, I'll take care of it." Just wonderful. Then there was that brief but weighty glance that passed between Jon and Robb when Jon found puppy Ghost; that for me really reinforced how close they are and that despite what other people say, Robb considers Jon to be his brother 100%.
So I think I even liked Robb even more than I liked Jon, although that may be because at this point in the series Jon Snow is an emo teenager.
913	Ser_Pounce	2011-04-20	As I said over at TWOP - to you, I think - it's AAARRRRRya. Like a pirate. That comes straight from GRRM's wife. It is not like the song term.Definitely the first time I've posted about.  Not that I expect accurate depictions of my previous comments from you.Thanks for the info
914	Kalbear	2011-04-20	Sorry, I thought that this post was basically the same thing, phrased the same way.Before I go into an all-out monologue, I'd like to ask one question about Arya. During the show, I kept hearing her name being pronounced "AY-a" - but reading here I see that it is Arya. Is it the actress's and/or character's dialect and pronunciation that makes it sound like Aya? The name IS pronounced like "AR-ee-a," right? I think it's beautiful.
					
					
							Edited by Razorbeef McSlaughter, 20 April 2011 - 09:33 PM.
915	Whatever	2011-04-20	And it makes me sad that you guys weren't feeling Robb. I thought he was awesome because he was able to convey quite a bit in a subtle way, without overdoing it. For example, there was that amazing look he gave his mom during the feast scene -  it was part "oh come on I was having fun, why do I have to do this",  part "oh shit, i'm in trouble" and part "yes, yes, i'm the big brother, I'll take care of it." Just wonderful. Then there was that brief but weighty glance that passed between Jon and Robb when Jon found puppy Ghost; that for me really reinforced how close they are and that despite what other people say, Robb considers Jon to be his brother 100%.So I think I even liked Robb even more than I liked Jon, although that may be because at this point in the series Jon Snow is an emo teenager.agree about the emo thing, but i want to point out that harington is doing a great job with jon, and he's actually less emo than usual. maybe it's just because he's older /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />When i talk about great job i mean that guy i really, really expressive. just details - the tone of the voice, the glances. All the doubts i had are gone now.
916	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-20	agree about the emo thing, but i want to point out that harington is doing a great job with jon, and he's actually less emo than usual. maybe it's just because he's older /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />When i talk about great job i mean that guy i really, really expressive. just details - the tone of the voice, the glances. All the doubts i had are gone now.I'm with you. I've always been a fan of Kit Harrington's casting as Jon. He is definitely doing a good job with the brooding, the resentment, the earnestness and so on. I think maybe because I was expecting to like Harrington's Jon so much that I was a little surprised that I liked Madden's Robb to such a degree. I am really looking forward to what both of them do with their characters.Talking about this reminded me once again how sad I am that there weren't more direwolf puppies running around. I know the pups were hard to train and all, but it seems like a shot or two of the kids playing with their puppies, or the puppies chasing each other about, would have been easy enough to do. Direwolf puppies! C'mon, HBO, more puppies = more viewers totally loosing their shit from the cuteness. Who needs good acting when puppies are involved?
917	Kalbear	2011-04-20	Right. ACOK will have more dicks and more puppies.
918	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-20	Right. ACOK will have more dicks and more puppies.Yes! /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
919	fitheach	2011-04-20	Right. ACOK will have more dicks and more puppies.While I'm all for this, why does it sound so wrong (and really dirty)? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Kidding!Edit: No really, it's a pretty nasty combo...;-DAnd it makes me sad that you guys weren't feeling Robb. I thought he was awesome because he was able to convey quite a bit in a subtle way, without overdoing it. For example, there was that amazing look he gave his mom during the feast scene -  it was part "oh come on I was having fun, why do I have to do this",  part "oh shit, i'm in trouble" and part "yes, yes, i'm the big brother, I'll take care of it." Just wonderful. Then there was that brief but weighty glance that passed between Jon and Robb when Jon found puppy Ghost; that for me really reinforced how close they are and that despite what other people say, Robb considers Jon to be his brother 100%.I loved Robb's look at Sansa when Joffrey is checking her out (when the King arrives at Winterfell). Particularly since it's after the shaving scene when Robb mentions he heard Joffreys a prick (or whatever he said- but that's the gist).
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 20 April 2011 - 10:20 PM.
920	Eponine	2011-04-20	About the "white walkers". When Tyrion is talking to LC Mormont on the Wall, Mormont tells him that "the fisherfolk near Eastwatch have glimpsed white walkers on the shore". It seems kind of odd that this information wouldn't have been a bigger deal on the Wall, that he wouldn't have conveyed this information to Winterfell, or that Benjen wouldn't have mentioned it to Ned. Even if Ned might not have completely believed it, he most likely wouldn't dismiss a report from Mormont out of hand, and Mormont's dialog makes it sound like he does believe that something is out there. 
I think this is the first time the term is used in the book, and I don't remember where else it is - is it definitely meant to refer to the Others? (Although, even if it isn't, wights should have been a pretty big deal too).
921	Jaime Lannister	2011-04-20	After reading both threads, I think it's safe to say people will bitch about anything.
922	Lord Godric	2011-04-20	We haven't seen that much of Robb, but from what we have seen and the Stark featurettes we got earlier, I am very confident in Richard Madden's portrayal of Robb.  I think he has captured the character very well, and I look forward to his scenes in the upcoming episodes.
923	Lord Godric	2011-04-20	After reading both threads, I think it's safe to say people will bitch about anything.Well of course.  People can't just appreciate the series for what it is.  It must be torn apart and nit-picked until we all end up hating it because of eyebrows or beards.
924	fitheach	2011-04-20	After reading both threads, I think it's safe to say people will bitch about anything.Well duh... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
925	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-20	Man, I'm so glad we got that screen shot with the Others and the sword. Holy shit! A crystal fucking sword! That is so awesome I can barely stand it. It looks like a vicious icicle of death. And then there's the other Others back there in the mist? All talking in their broken ice language? Soooo cooool.I tried to get a good screenshot of the closeup of Gared's face with the sword behind him - this is the best I could do.Then there was that brief but weighty glance that passed between Jon and Robb when Jon found puppy Ghost; that for me really reinforced how close they are and that despite what other people say, Robb considers Jon to be his brother 100%.This weighty glance will result in countless works of slash fanfic. Plus, puppies!
926	Lord Godric	2011-04-20	This weighty glance will result in countless works of slash fanfic. Plus, puppies!I love the clear shot of Ghost and his red eyes in that picture!
927	Songstress	2011-04-20	Finally got to watch the DVR'd episode with my friend who actually has HBO (easier to pay her family for the extra cost of adding it for a few months than to pay $85/month to subscribe to cable plus HBO myself)...
She hadn't read the books, so it was fun to watch her reactions.  She definitely found Viserys stripping Daenerys for her bath and the following gratuitous boob-shot a bit skeevy...  The direwolf puppies squee-worthy...  Her crack about Jason Momoa during the wedding scene:  "Shhh, you talk to much.  Just sit there and look pretty, why don't you?"  
The pre-feast shaving scene she didn't mind until they started to cut Jon's hair, which she liked quite a lot.   And of course the obligatory reaction to the final scene:  "Wait.  Wait wait.  Isn't that....   ISN'T THAT HIS SISTER????", followed by an utterly stunned silence at "The things I do for love".
I can't wait to watch the rest of the season with her, knowing what's coming.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
928	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-20	I tried to get a good screenshot of the closeup of Gared's face with the sword behind him - this is the best I could do.This weighty glance will result in countless works of slash fanfic. Plus, puppies!The sword is really fantastic. It looks like a hunk of smooth ice. Mad props to the props department, for sure. Thanks for the photo, Lannister.And I fear you're correct about Robb's Weighty Glance. These poor actors. They have no idea what they are in for.Songstress, thanks for the description of your friend's reaction. Hilarious!
929	MattTaz	2011-04-21	I really enjoyed the show and just had a few thoughts:
I was suprised at MY OWN reaction to Jaime & Cersei having sex. I guess I got used to it from the books, but seeing it visually
on TV was disturbing
I hated Jaime in the first 2 books but came to like him through his relationship with Brienne. I think the TV series will
be going some to make his TV character quite as likeable.
Tyrion and The Hound were talking quite amicably before the Hunt???
The mystery of Jon's mother must have a big TV series punch or it is a complete waste of time. 
The minor choices have become less in my mind and the favourite
has become a certainty for me - (not sure whether I can mention her name here or not)
Sansa is going to shit me. What little we saw of her, she is going to piss off a lot of people. As opposed
to Arya who just may steal the show  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
930	Axon	2011-04-21	I told my girl what happens to Arya - she demanded to know, as she already loves the character - and she didn't even know what to say.
931	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-21	About the "white walkers". When Tyrion is talking to LC Mormont on the Wall, Mormont tells him that "the fisherfolk near Eastwatch have glimpsed white walkers on the shore". It seems kind of odd that this information wouldn't have been a bigger deal on the Wall, that he wouldn't have conveyed this information to Winterfell, or that Benjen wouldn't have mentioned it to Ned. Even if Ned might not have completely believed it, he most likely wouldn't dismiss a report from Mormont out of hand, and Mormont's dialog makes it sound like he does believe that something is out there. I think this is the first time the term is used in the book, and I don't remember where else it is - is it definitely meant to refer to the Others? (Although, even if it isn't, wights should have been a pretty big deal too).Yes - Old Nan and Osha (I believe) both use "White Walkers" as a euphamism for the Others.
932	Quoth	2011-04-21	This has likely been discussed already, but I've not the strength to wade through two lengthy threads. 
A box of snakes for a wedding gift (and where was Samuel L. Jackson, BTW)? Did someone comment it was from Dorne? My thoughts ran in this order: 
1.) W.T.F?!
2.) Needed to show yet again what an alien culture Dany's getting involved with? 
3.) Is Dorne particularly known for snakes...? Hmmm. Poison... Red Viper...? Seriously confused now.
4.) Is is some sort of GRRM added TV layer of foreshadowing as an easter egg for the fandom? Beware of Dornishmen bearing gifts...? 
I was really puzzled by that shot. 
Also, I love how the books make me love, then hate, then love most characters.  Prime example, of emotional backing by me in the books, is Jaime. Hated him, had grudging respect, then began rooting for him. But in the TV series...? Either the actor portraying him is so damn freakin excellent, or the character's been adapted for the show in a really strange way... It's just that I wonder how in the world I'll ever come to approach liking him. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
933	legba11	2011-04-21	Since it's come up a few times, I have to say something about the snakes.
Maybe it's not that weird of a present to a Dothraki Khal.  Did folks expect him to get that slow cooker they had on their registry at Macys?  Perhaps a diaper genie for the stallion who'll mount the world.
Maybe they were pets. or food. or a warning.
I don't think it's likely they are from Dorne.  When we finally got to see some of motives of the Dorne Prince (forgot his name, think he was referred to as a prince though), he is clearly a VERY cautious man.  Any gift he gave Drogo would not be given publicly.  Also, he was working the Viserys angle at this time.
934	Quoth	2011-04-21	Since it's come up a few times, I have to say something about the snakes.Maybe it's not that weird of a present to a Dothraki Khal.  Did folks expect him to get that slow cooker they had on their registry at Macys?  Perhaps a diaper genie for the stallion who'll mount the world.Maybe they were pets. or food. or a warning.I don't think it's likely they are from Dorne.  When we finally got to see some of motives of the Dorne Prince (forgot his name, think he was referred to as a prince though), he is clearly a VERY cautious man.  Any gift he gave Drogo would not be given publicly.  Also, he was working the Viserys angle at this time./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Exotic, yeah, I get. But a "Box o' Snakes" just seems really "out there". And I agree (unless the Dorne reference was actually from dialogue I missed?) That the tie to Dorne would be odd and ill conceived. When I read about the Dornish machinations in AFFC, it blew me away and would believe they'd be much more clandestine about their leanings.
935	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-21	Replying to thoughts coming in my head as I'm reading replies:
-about Viserys.  I thought the actor was perfect.  One person commented that they didn't think he was realistic; that it didn't seem like 'waking the dragon' was much of a threat.
My response is that's the point.  Viserys IS NOT A DRAGON.  Everyone knows it but Dany and him too; he might be the last male Targaryen, but that doesn't make him a Dragon.  He can terrorize Dany and some slave girls who have been told to serve him, but for everyone else he's just a powerless pawn-- they might try to use his claim to the throne but have little use for him.  Jorah and Dany will have that conversation later.  
I think there were a couple of points that captured it perfectly--when Dany was introduced to Drogo and then Drogo just rode away.  Viserys came running up and said 'Where's he going' is such a perfect pathetic way
-about Tyrion and the whores.  I thought the scene was a little ham handed personally, like many.  But on 2nd thought, it might be just right.  Remember, most of our looks at Tyrion and whores is thru his eyes in the books.  In the movie we get a neutral view from the cameras perspective.  And to EVERYONE BUT TYRION this is what his lifestyle looks like.  His father goes so far as to threaten to kill whores he with in an effort to control him.  That kind of response is not what you'd see if Tyrion was anything approaching discrete.  4 whore Tyrion is probably an accurate portrayal of the character.
-about Sansa.  As someone else mentioned she hit her notes perfectly.  At the banquet, when Cersei calls her up they are chatting and then Cersei brings up menstration.  Sansa's face falls, she fidgets and glances at Cat.   Perfect.   Sansa is about songs and fairy tales.  Menstration is messy--not what she likes to spend time thinking about, she is obviously uncomfortable.  She wants to marry a prince, but obviously hasn't had the first thought about what else that will involve, like the actual production of an heir.
Cersei is also perfect in this scene.  She is obviously testing Sansa and you can just see the calculations in her mind about what kind of girl this is.... and then she changes the subject to one where she knew Sansa would be comfortable and ends the interview.
936	Lord O' Bones	2011-04-21	Interesting to note that after only one episode we've seen eight characters of which four will (more or less) directly murder the other four.
937	Balefont	2011-04-21	Interesting to note that after only one episode we've seen eight characters of which four will (more or less) directly murder the other four.Well well well.  Look who decidied to show up.  Gen Chat dead right now or something? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
938	Lord O' Bones	2011-04-21	Well well well.  Look who decidied to show up.  Gen Chat dead right now or something? /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />No bj threads.Or anything else that can hold my attention.ETA: I do find that interesting though.Edit2: and as much as the fl00b makes me want to stick to the MLB and NHL threads only, I am watching the show. The HBO one, not so much the fl00b one.
					
					
							Edited by Lord O' Bones, 21 April 2011 - 02:23 PM.
939	Khalasar	2011-04-21	And on yet another viewing, this time with my finger on the pause button-When Sansa and Arya are doing their needlework, Sansa has an elaborate pattern that Septa Mordane praises, while Arya is struggling to cross-stitch the alphabet ... but she skipped the letter I. The top row reads ABCDEF, the middle row GHJKL.I don't think this is an oversight, but rather a hint at the development of her character in the future fourth seasons. Her involvement with the Faceless Men requires abandoning her identity -- there will be no "I" for Arya. Wheels within wheels, people!Well, she doesn't find needlework to be particularly relaxing...
940	legba11	2011-04-21	On the added Lannister scenes:  
I think there were simple ways to establish the Lannister children's characters and more importantly their relationships to each other.  I thought they were effective at that (In addition to some other benefits already mentioned in the thread).
We did not get a Tyrion/Cersei establishment scene yet, but their relationship is by far the simplest.  Very black and white compared to most in the books.  (Though in the first book Cersei was very black and white also, it's clear the TV is going to give her complexity right away)
941	Dragonfish	2011-04-21	I don't think it's likely they are from Dorne.  When we finally got to see some of motives of the Dorne Prince (forgot his name, think he was referred to as a prince though), he is clearly a VERY cautious man.  Any gift he gave Drogo would not be given publicly.  Also, he was working the Viserys angle at this time.I know I read somewhere (a few months ago) that the man in the turban was supposed to be a Dornish envoy. Ran, are you able to confirm or deny this?
942	Whitering	2011-04-21	I don't recall Tommen and Myrcella in the show yet. Is that an oversight on my part?
943	Slick Mongoose	2011-04-21	I don't recall Tommen and Myrcella in the show yet. Is that an oversight on my part?They were there, when the King rode in to Winterfell. The camera didn't linger on them though.
944	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-21	They were there, when the King rode in to Winterfell. The camera didn't linger on them though.You can see them most clearly when Cersei steps out of the carriage. They're the two little blonde kids, unsurprisingly: http://i55.tinypic.com/26035fs.png
945	DemiNymph	2011-04-21	I just seriously want to know who gave the snakes to Dany.
946	Ran	2011-04-21	The turban and striped robes kind of make me think Dornishman. But I'm told that there may have just been a general "multitude of cultures on Essos" thing going on... but I doubt anyone's going to naysay if we say that was definitely a Dornishman.
Doesn't have to have been an envoy from Doran though, in any case, does it? Could be some random Dornish loyalist, or perhaps a post-Rebellion exile that we've never heard of, or a Dornish captain in one of the sellsword companies, or ... any number of things, really.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 21 April 2011 - 08:17 PM.
947	Dragonfish	2011-04-21	The turban and striped robes kind of make me think Dornishman. But I'm told that there may have just been a general "multitude of cultures on Essos" thing going on... but I doubt anyone's going to naysay if we say that was definitely a Dornishman.Doesn't have to have been an envoy from Doran though, in any case, does it? Could be some random Dornish loyalist, or perhaps a post-Rebellion exile that we've never heard of, or a Dornish captain in one of the sellsword companies, or ... any number of things, really.I did some digging, and it turns out I first heard about this on this site:http://www.westeros....ery/Entry/2092/So yeah, it was unconfirmed then, and at best unconfirmed now.
948	Maltaran	2011-04-22	You can see them most clearly when Cersei steps out of the carriage. They're the two little blonde kids, unsurprisingly: http://i55.tinypic.com/26035fs.pngI like the expression on Myrcella's face in that shot - she's thinking "Gods, this place is a dump! Why did we have to come here again?"
949	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-22	I like the expression on Myrcella's face in that shot - she's thinking "Gods, this place is a dump! Why did we have to come here again?"Also look at the third lady-in-waiting on the far right. Apparently, someone is wearing white after Labor Day or committed some equally egregious faux pas.
950	ser_nerdick	2011-04-22	You can see them most clearly when Cersei steps out of the carriage. They're the two little blonde kids, unsurprisingly: http://i55.tinypic.com/26035fs.pngIsn't Tommen supposed to be a little fatty?
951	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-22	Isn't Tommen supposed to be a little fatty?Yeah, I think this has been addressed here before (or maybe I saw it on a Youtube comment from one of the trailers).  The kid who plays Tommen isn't chubby as described in the book.  That one goes into the "meh" category for me.
952	PestilencE	2011-04-22	What are Will's last words? Sounds like "fuckin... *unintelligible*"
953	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-22	"Forgive me"
954	PestilencE	2011-04-22	Thanks.
More:
When Benjen and Ned are talking, Ned says "He was talking madness, said Walkers got his friends". What does Benjen reply to that?
The first two lines of the conversation between Tyrion and the Hound.
can I get a transcript somewhere?
955	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-22	Thanks.More:When Benjen and Ned are talking, Ned says "He was talking madness, said Walkers got his friends". What does Benjen reply to that?Something along the lines of "Well, the two that were with him are still missin."
956	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-22	Yeah, while I like the guy who plays Benjen, even back in the day when we only had clips and trailers, I still couldn't understand a damn word he was saying. It wasn't until the third time I watched the show that I understood the gist of what he was saying - I still can't make out the exact words.
957	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-22	Yeah, while I like the guy who plays Benjen, even back in the day when we only had clips and trailers, I still couldn't understand a damn word he was saying. It wasn't until the third time I watched the show that I understood the gist of what he was saying - I still can't make out the exact words.Yeah, his accent is awesome, but it's a knife that cuts both ways.   /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
958	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-22	Yeah, his accent is awesome, but it's a knife that cuts both ways.   /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />Plus he seems to speak very quietly and softly. Maybe it's just a pitch that I can't pick up well, because occasionally I had a hard time with Jamie, too, but I think the softness combined with the accent is more than my poor sad ears can process.
959	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	I'm sure the clarity will be better in non-pilot episodes, as hopefully the actors will have settled into their characters better.
960	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-22	I'm sure the clarity will be better in non-pilot episodes, as hopefully the actors will have settled into their characters better.Pointing out that this was the pilot episode reminds me of something I was wondering about.At least two scenes in the episode (Ned & Robert in the crypts, and the scene as Ned, Robert & Co. are preparing to go on the boar hunt) appear to have been carried over from the original pilot.  You can tell because Ned's hair and beard are darker in these scenes, as they were in the first pilot.  Actually, there are several differences in that penultimate scene - The Hound's face isn't scarred up as much, Theon's hair is lighter, Bran is noticeably younger).  I wonder why these, or at least that second one, weren't reshot?
961	Kalbear	2011-04-22	They only reshot the scenes they absolutely had to - when they changed actresses and the like. Saved a lot of money.
962	legba11	2011-04-22	Well like Benjen's accent or not, it's not going to matter much...  Unless some dramatic events occur in Book 5 (or later) and the show somehow makes it that long.
963	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-04-22	They only reshot the scenes they absolutely had to - when they changed actresses and the like. Saved a lot of money.Ah, that makes sense.  Thanks.
964	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-22	I just seriously want to know who gave the snakes to Dany.Quentyn Martell? According to Arianne in AFfC (the soiled knight) Quentyn was actually across the Narrow Sea for the Gold Company or something. Arianne is like 23 and older than him and that guy looked about 20. I guess we all know that Prince Doran is secretly working to get the Targaryens on the throne as he wanted Arianne to marry Viserys and let Quentyn become Prince of Dorne.If it wasn't Quentyn then it is most likely an agent for the Martells. Of course, at this time Quentyn may have still been in Westeros but who knows.
965	Kaitscralt	2011-04-22	Probably because of all the re-shooting they had to do concerning Daenerys' actress being replaced. I've heard that the Dothraki wedding took a big toll on their budget and that having to redo it again really screwed with the episodes overall fluidity.
Now, whether or not the things you mentioned had anything to do with the recasting of Daenerys is merely guesswork on my part. But maybe.
Oh well -- so long as the Hound looks better than he did in the pilot I won't complain (and the preview shows a glimpse that already seems much better!)
Edit: Someone beat me to it I think. Slow posting at work on my part...
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 22 April 2011 - 02:39 PM.
966	Ormond	2011-04-22	It sounded like the r was there, just not a very strong sound. The emphasis is definitely the first syllable.The  "r" wouldn't be very strong because these are for the most part British actors speaking with an English accent. Most of England has a "non-rhotic" accent where "r" often isn't pronounced at all except at the beginning of words and syllables. The natural tendency for a lot of people in England would be to pronounce Arya in a way that would sound like "AHH-yuh" to most Americans. But they would perceive themselves as pronouncing it the way GRRM says it should be pronounced.
967	Starkess	2011-04-22	The  "r" wouldn't be very strong because these are for the most part British actors speaking with an English accent. Most of England has a "non-rhotic" accent where "r" often isn't pronounced at all except at the beginning of words and syllables. The natural tendency for a lot of people in England would be to pronounce Arya in a way that would sound like "AHH-yuh" to most Americans. But they would perceive themselves as pronouncing it the way GRRM says it should be pronounced.Exactly what I was trying to say, just way better!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
968	PestilencE	2011-04-22	It's wrong.
The syllabification is a-rya, not ar-ya.
Therefore it should be pronounced A-ryuh, not AA-yuh
969	Kalbear	2011-04-22	And I'm telling you that's wrong too. The syllable is definitely AR-ya. And the first syllable is the one emphasized.
970	Kat	2011-04-22	Long thread, continued here
971	Kat	2011-04-18	It's here. Someone wanted a link.
972	Ran	2011-04-16	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically when the pre-show (starting at 8:45PM) begins.
973	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	Winter is finally here!
Bleh, I've already seen this much...
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 08:10 PM.
974	nccish	2011-04-17	So far so good!
975	Whatever	2011-04-17	OMG the opening credits are awesome.... this is just above all the expectations!
					
					
							Edited by Whatever, 17 April 2011 - 08:21 PM.
976	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	I like the intro.
Music is appropriate and the mechanized map pretty cool.
977	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	The thematic intro was a brilliant as they said it would be.  DVR is so awesome.  Watching it again.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 08:16 PM.
978	Slyfinger	2011-04-17	OMG the opening credits are awesome!! /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Wait. Too fanboyish.Meh. Simpsons already did it.There. Much better.
979	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Yeah, I am practically squeeing over just the opening sequence.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> It really was fantastic though.  And here comes the new stuff!
980	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	I love it when "they're" right.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 08:21 PM.
981	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	here comes the new stuff...
looks so good in HD
982	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	Eddard, you don't let your kids keep a direwolf. That's a terrible idea.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 08:24 PM.
983	AHackeySackOfIceAndFire	2011-04-17	huh, i never thought about that.  ghost would have died if its mother HADN'T been killed.
984	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	the silent sisters look nicely freakish
985	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	"fucking boars and hunting whores" Hilarious
986	Whatever	2011-04-17	Eddard, you don't let your kids keep a direwolf. That's a terrible idea.LOL xDlike the king's landing sceneEDIT: and the godswood. it's just amazinghere comes the fanservice scene /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Whatever, 17 April 2011 - 08:29 PM.
987	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	hound's armor is badass
988	Whatever	2011-04-17	holy crap, time is running too fast.
989	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	holy crap, time is running too fast.I know.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> One of the downsides of getting so many advanced clips is that it seems like I've already seen half of the episode.  There were 5 uncut clips that came in the last few days that spoiled alot of this.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 08:51 PM.
990	Whatever	2011-04-17	i really liked how benjen is introduced
EDIT: they are going hunting. dang
i know what it's going to happen, but still...
Edit2: the things i do for love..
					
					
							Edited by Whatever, 17 April 2011 - 09:07 PM.
991	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	Here it comes...  Brans fall...
992	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-17	BOOM! HEADSHOT.
993	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-17	the scenes with Daenerys were amazing.
994	AHackeySackOfIceAndFire	2011-04-17	Viserys is fantastic
995	peterbound	2011-04-17	I thought sansa and cercei would be hotter.  Just me.
996	Tempra	2011-04-17	I thought sansa and cercei would be hotter.  Just me.Same.And the Hound doesn't do it for me.  Other than that, awesome.
997	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Really, I can't think of anything wrong with that I just saw.  Absolute perfection.  Great ending too.
998	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-17	I read every bit of praise lavished upon the opening sequence of credits and I still was amazed by how cool that was. And you can easily imagine it being adjusted to different areas if they are fortunate enough to be subsequent seasons.
Man. I have been looking forward to this for months and it's finally here and I wasn't let down at all. Is it next week yet?!
999	Seerow	2011-04-17	I thought sansa and cercei would be hotter.  Just me.Sansa was like 11 in the book. Even aged up to 13...  how hot do you expect a 13 year old to be?
1000	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	that went REALLY fast
I wish they had made the Drogo/Dany scene a little bit closer to how the book played it out...to where it could at least seem consensual
1001	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	It did fly by.  I know a lot of people say that about televisions shows, but that had to have been the fastest hour of my life.  Good thing it's on again (and again)
1002	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-17	Overall, I think the premier was pretty awesome. It does suffer from exposition, as was mentioned in many of the reviews, but on the whole it was bad-ass. 
I don't know if I can watch this series, though. it is PAINFUL seeing these people and knowing what is in store for their characters. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 17 April 2011 - 09:15 PM.
1003	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-04-17	I was bored.  A very expository episode, I found it uninteresting.  Though, this might be because I was already familiar with the characters, so exposition, which bores me in general, bored me doubly.
1004	Arataniello	2011-04-17	Initial thoughts - 
Thought the Stark kids were all great.  Sansa looks way too old to be playing a 13 year old.  
Forget all this talk of 2 beheadings in the first five minutes - gut spew at the Dothraki wedding was aweseome.
Liked the little touch of the bath water being "too hot" but Daenerys got in anyway.
More after I have watched it again (think HBO is showing it three times back-to-back tonight).
Edit to add - almost couldn't watch "the push" at the end.
					
					
							Edited by Aratan, 17 April 2011 - 09:16 PM.
1005	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-17	Gawds was that excellent!!!!
The only quibble I have is making Cat so dead set against Ned accepting the offer to be The Hand. I'm thinking the producers want to make her more sympathetic. Cause I've truly hated her since my first read of GOT. 
The rest ? like dreams coming  true. Amazing
1006	Trebla	2011-04-17	Loved it. My dad loved it. He just peppered me with questions as it ended. He of course loved Tyrion and Arya.
Lysa sending a direct letter was different. Littlefinger playing a more dangerous game.
1007	DaddyTorgo	2011-04-17	I knew that intellectually it made sense for them to cliffhanger Bran's fall in as the end of the first episode, but I'm surprised - it seemed like time was running awful fast there to the end - I'm shocked they managed to get it in. 
Great episode. Viserys is perfect - you just can't wait for him to finally get his crown, he's so detestable!!
And Sean Bean was great - I really didn't even think of him as Boromir even though he looked so similar in terms of costuming and such. 
Given the huge number of characters they had to introduce I think they did a hell of a job getting a lot of them introduced very quickly and getting things rolling -- I'm very impressed with the script.
1008	Greywolf2375	2011-04-17	OK, I'm sold.
Can be picked abpart like Jackson's LOTR for the similarities and differences - overall, I liked it.
T detail that went into the sets, armor, clothing, etc was just amazing - made it even more enjoyable to see that level of detail.  
And yeah..."the things I do for love".
Can't wait to see how some of the other shocker scenes get played out.
1009	Trebla	2011-04-17	I don't know if I can watch this series, though. it is PAINFUL seeing these people and knowing what is in store for their characters. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />My dad started asking me who dies (he prefers to be spoilered). I basically said "everyone".  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1010	Hodor124	2011-04-17	"When I fight a man for real, I don't want him to know what I can do". I was really impressed with this first episode. Let's hope the others are just as good or better. (I especially loved the intro sequence btw)
1011	Greywolf2375	2011-04-17	Loved it. My dad loved it. He just peppered me with questions as it ended. He of course loved Tyrion and Arya.Lysa sending a direct letter was different. Littlefinger playing a more dangerous game.that was one of the few things that I'm not sure I liked as a change - but we will see how it plays out.
1012	Mr. X	2011-04-17	Good stuff!
I squeed a little bit over the baby direwolves.
1013	Arlingzen Bill	2011-04-17	I was hoping to see the children fighting, with Rob's win... That was the only thing missing that I wanted to see... 
Jaime is a bastard but his byplay with Tyrion was excellent.
I liked the Others scene.
Well dany ex machina didn't die, there is always next week.
1014	snake	2011-04-17	I thought the dialogue at times was a bit clunky but overall it was good.  The Kingslayer's scenes were done well, perhaps the best in the episode.  His cockiness really comes through.  The Imp's scenes were not as good.  Viserys was very good as was Cat and Arya.  The Dothraki wedding fight was pretty cheesy and the overall scene was poorly done IMO. 
Overall, good show.  Looking forward to next week.
1015	Ixodes	2011-04-17	Good stuff.  I think they did a fine job condensing the first section into the first hour.  On to episode 2...
1016	WarGalley	2011-04-17	I liked a lot though I also thought the Daenarys wedding night scene should have been closer to the consensual act. It also shows a different side of Khal Drogo.
The one thing that irked me was the Others. I pictured them closer to pale, emotionless white skinned knights (a sentient race) that hated living things. These came off more like monsters.
Really liked the intro too. All in all, very Rome-esque.
1017	Balefont	2011-04-17	the scenes with Daenerys were amazing.They really were.  Can't wait for more!
1018	DaddyTorgo	2011-04-17	that was one of the few things that I'm not sure I liked as a change - but we will see how it plays out.Makes a lot of sense from a scripting and exposition standpoint though, as far as setting up that there's some mystery going on (to get people to tune in who might be new to the series), and also sets up the lannister's as the "bad guys."
1019	CelticCail	2011-04-17	The music is lovely!  The intro/opening didn't sit right with me the first time - very unexpected - but I liked it the second time.  The theme reminds me too much of The Tudors opening but I'll get over it.
Otherwise, I'm thrilled with how much is directly out of the book including lines, but bothered by the little detail things like that Gared was the deserter in the book, Jon was present at the feast, etc.  I don't think they detract from the story too much though.
I think the Dany stuff was gratuitous.  The basically rape scene bothered the hell out of me on TV while in the books, you knew everything she was thinking and so on and it didn't seem quite as horrible.  Viserys is appropriately creepy/crazy.  
Jaime is perfect.  I'm in love.  Can't wait to see Petyr, the other love of my life.... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1020	BLU-RAY	2011-04-17	My lemon cakes were an unqualified disaster, but they are edible and don't taste awful.  Gotta work on getting the cake part more... cakelike.  But the custard did seem to bake out to the bottom of the ramekin, which was nice.Overall, I think the premier was pretty awesome. It does suffer from exposition, as was mentioned in many of the reviews, but on the whole it was bad-ass. I don't know if I can watch this series, though. it is PAINFUL seeing these people and knowing what is in store for their characters. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Agreed, I have trouble doing rereads for that reason as well.  Liked Benjen a lot, and I already can't wait for Joff to buy the farm.  Seriously, fuck that guy.  And Tyrion and Jaime are both really good.
1021	SergioCQH	2011-04-17	Oh wow. I won't even try to guess how non-readers would feel about that episode, but I loved it. The pacing felt quite a bit rushed though. The choice of doggy style for Jaime and Cersei felt odd though. I think keeping the scene more like the book, where he's fucking her standing up against the wall would have worked better. Perhaps they thought doggy style would make the scene grittier.
1022	BookWyrm	2011-04-17	Man this has been a wonderful hour. I bet GRRM is cheering right now.
The costumes are stunning! I love the way they made Sandor Clegane out. 
I loved the warning Daenerys got as she went into the bath - so perfect.
1023	Timbits	2011-04-17	Awesome. Great acting, really like Ned's and Jon's actors.
Thought the feast would be a longer scene and bigger event. A little bugged by how old some of them are compared to the books. 
Laughed when I saw Joffrey, thought he would look different.
I love the wolves and arya.
1024	the maid of woodlynne	2011-04-17	I, too, sqeeeed like mad over those direwolf pups. Summer's ears are just precious! All in all, excellent start. And yes it flew by. Considering my biggest beef is that the title sequence didn't do a thing for me (too much hype?) this was an epic win. Cannot wait for next Sunday!
1025	Trebla	2011-04-17	The acting was superb. If I had to choose my favorite from ep. 1, I'd choose Harry Lloyd as  Viserys. He was perfect. Slimy, arrogant, pathetic. Least was the guy playing Illyrio. I liked him in V For Vendetta but he just seemed a bit off. Too bad Ian McNiece couldn't have played it.eta:The choice of doggy style for Jaime and Cersei felt odd though. I think keeping the scene more like the book, where he's fucking her standing up against the wall would have worked better. Perhaps they thought doggy style would make the scene grittier.heh, I was kind of amused by it. My thought was "I guess they don't like missionary in Westeros either!" My guess is they did it for suspense. You're wondering who Jaime is nailing and then Cersei lifts her head and u are like, "WHOA!" That's what my dad said. Or perhaps they didn't want Lena Heady being lifted up as she was pregnant at the time.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 17 April 2011 - 09:32 PM.
1026	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-17	I've been staying the hell away from all spoilers, so I could view this with (mostly) fresh eyes. I really enjoyed the way Benjen Stark and Jorah Mormont were introduced. I am sure that non-book people are not going to make much of it, but for me those scenes were really interesting. I liked the way the handled the Dothraki wedding scene -- it might seem overdone to those of us who have read the books, but it was a good shorthand for getting across just how barbarian the Dothraki are without all the exposition that made some of the other scenes slow way, way down.
1027	Balefont	2011-04-17	Good stuff!I squeed a little bit over the baby direwolves.Well Niel and I squeed A LOT!
1028	makotohanabi	2011-04-17	The direwolves are so cute, they need an episode of them being cute. 
Really love Arya's scenes was worried how she'll be portrayed. Loved the scenes with Tyrion, he was the best part of the Winterfell scenes. Glad for the Dany scenes and loved her outfit, will try to make a con legal version in the future. 
Overall after watching the first episode I love my favorites more (Dany, Tyrion, Arya) and hate the ones I hate more (Cat and Sansa) more.
1029	peterbound	2011-04-17	Sansa was like 11 in the book. Even aged up to 13...  how hot do you expect a 13 year old to be?Hotter than that, at least possessing the promise of future hotness.  Like i said, just me.  All and all i thought it was great.  I kept watching it with a skeptical eye though, trying to pick out the parts my non geek friends are going to ding me on tomorrow, being that i talked them into watching the show.
1030	Ormond	2011-04-17	I really have been paying no attention to any advanced publicity about this -- never watched any clips before tonight -- and just an hour before the show started I got HBO for the first time just to see this.
And I really, really think the extra $25 a month it's going to cost me on my cable TV bill just to see this is more than worth it. That was the best hour of a television series I've seen in years. I was incredibly impressed by the acting, especially the actress who plays Daenerys. 
And the TV series actually fixes what I thought was the main fault of the books -- the kids are described as being too young in the book for how they act. Having Bran be 10 instead of about 7 at the start of the story is perfect. I just couldn't believe he was as young in the books as GRRM described him. IMHO, the TV writers/producers actually made the story much better simply by aging the Stark kids a bit. 
I am really looking forward to next week's episode. And if this series keeps up its quality and gets the number of viewers it deserves, I'll be looking for a lot more babies named Sansa, Arya, Bran, and Daenerys to be showing up in the USA. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1031	Abaddon	2011-04-17	After all of the build up, don't really have a lot to say.  Very satisfying to see the full episode on my HDTV after all this time.  A few missed notes for me here and there, but overall, they did an amazing job of cramming a lot of story and setup into a very short span of time with minor alterations.  I will probably have more thoughts on it after I get a chance to watch it again (not tonight... too tired).
I thought I would be dying for Ep 2 right after Ep 1, but I don't feel that way (although I am not disappointed).  Looking forward to next week.
The Dany rape scene (I would call it unambiguous in the show) was really painful -- as it should be.
1032	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-04-17	Btw, was that Emilia Clarke's actual body or a body double's?
No reason, just curious. /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
					
					
							Edited by Jurble, 17 April 2011 - 09:28 PM.
1033	iheartseverus	2011-04-17	Too fast, too fast!  I was like 'Wait!  Wait!  Let me spend a moment savoring this or that before we move on!'  Fastest hour of my life.  Love everything except Dany's wig, which bears no resemblance to actual human hair, more like dead grey rope.  Love the direwolf pups!  Love cocky Jamie, bitter Cersei, worried Cat, grim Ned, wasted, decadant Robert.
1034	Arataniello	2011-04-17	I think keeping the scene more like the book, where he's fucking her standing up against the wall would have worked better. Perhaps they thought doggy style would make the scene grittier.I assumed it was so that her face was hidden by that beam in the way, so that when she straightened up, it was more shocking for viewers who didn't know who it was going to be.The only really major disappointment I had so far was with Tyrion.  He just didn't seem as sarcastic and humorously bitter as he seems in the books.  I am hoping that this is just because this was an exposition episode - there are plenty more Tyrion moments to come.Would have liked to have had a close up of the Hound without his helmet (looked great).  All we got was a medium ranged shot of him, so no detail on his facial scarring.
1035	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-17	When this HBO deal was first announced, I immediately pictured the pilot episode ending with "The things I do for love...", so I'm glad that is indeed how they ended it.  Just such a perfect way to end that first episode, in my opinion.
I really enjoyed it overall.  There were some things they changed, of course, but that's a given when taking something from one medium and transferring it into another.  The only change that bothered me at all was Drogo pretty much raping Dany, but it definitely wasn't a deal-breaker, and I can understand why they went that way.
1036	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-17	Just remembered something I wanted to point out that I thought was cool. At the Dothraki wedding in the background you can see one of the Unsullied standing guard. At least, I assumed it was this - a man who didn't have the Dothraki look, who was shirtless but had on a skull cap. It is a great sign (as if there weren't already a million great signs!) that they are going to throw in some little details.
1037	Blue Steel	2011-04-17	Awesome.
1038	WarGalley	2011-04-17	The only really major disappointment I had so far was with Tyrion.  He just didn't seem as sarcastic and humorously bitter as he seems in the books.  I am hoping that this is just because this was an exposition episode - there are plenty more Tyrion moments to come.Yeah none of these scenes were Tyrion involved. I'll wait till later. The Jaime-Tyrion dynamic was fantastic.You know, he could have backflipped off a ledge or something /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.
1039	KarriK	2011-04-17	Loved Arya and Daenerys the most! My favorite characters in the books, also. Peter Dinklage is almost too attractive to be Tyrion, but he has the attitude down perfect. So pleased* with the first episode! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by KarriK, 17 April 2011 - 09:36 PM.
1040	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-17	Loved it. NCW as Jaime is perfect. A great blend of arrogance and charm. Addy is a great Robert, only wish he was a foot taller...Too much to like, don't want to nitpick about small details that could have been. Bravo HBO.
1041	fotwennytime	2011-04-17	I had a few nit-picky points. Dany's eyes, Illyrio should have been fatter, i couldn't see any scarring on the hounds face, Ned was carrying a sword other than Ice when they found the pups but all in all i was very impressed. If i had to guess i would say they chose doggy style for Jamie and Cerseis sex scene so they could hide cerseis face and use a body double for Lena Headey.
1042	Dalla with child	2011-04-17	Wonderful!  
I don't know how they packed so much into one hour--or how the hour could go by so fast.
1043	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-17	Just remembered something I wanted to point out that I thought was cool. At the Dothraki wedding in the background you can see one of the Unsullied standing guard. At least, I assumed it was this - a man who didn't have the Dothraki look, who was shirtless but had on a skull cap. It is a great sign (as if there weren't already a million great signs!) that they are going to throw in some little details.whoa -- I didn't even notice that (we have a small screen that will be replaced ASAP), and will be on the lookout for it on rewatch. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1044	Lannes	2011-04-17	When this HBO deal was first announced, I immediately pictured the pilot episode ending with "The things I do for love...", so I'm glad that is indeed how they ended it. Just such a perfect way to end that first episode, in my opinion.I just got through telling my wife the same thing. I just knew that's the note they would end on....
1045	ohmahgaw	2011-04-17	I thought it was decent but I wasn't impressed with the dialogue. I know they were trying to fit a lot of background info through dialogue, and couldn't really avoid it, but I just can't stand how awkward "explanation through dialogue" can be when setting up a story. The scene where Cat is explaining why she doesn't want Ned to go south comes to mind as well as when she's scolding bran abut climbing. I thought the weakest people in the episode so far, acting wise, would have to be Cat and Sansa (the part where sansa is begging to go to kings landing was a little painful actually). I thought Jaime/cercei was spot on as was viserys and john (Although jaimes accent through me off a little bit). I was underwhelmed overall by Ned and Tyrions character portrayal. I wasn't blown away by the "things we do for love" part. I thought the delivery was a little off. 
Also, does anyone think that people who have never read the books might have a hard time telling the difference between the actors who play rob and snow? My dad was pretty confused because he thinks they look too similar. 
I think the show is decent overall, and I was certainly entertained but I can definitely see why those who are not already fans might be a little bored by the first episode.
1046	Daena the Defiant	2011-04-17	At long last!
I think that parts of it were amazing. I had that same heart-in-my throat, hairs-rising-on-the-back of my neck sensation when Cat visited Ned in the Goswood as I did when the Peter Jackson LOTR showed Frodo reading with his back up against a tree - that was done just right.
I liked it, although I do sense a revisionary hand here and there that suggests that GRRM is ever-so-slightly tweaking some of the characters based upon a decade of comments and/or abuse - for example, Sansa and Catelyn's hair-grooming scene (alluded to in a Cat POV, we actually see it), and the Jon Arryn funeral scene, gives us a little early peek into Cersei (as do her warm and gracious comments to Sansa) before we are presented with Cersei, the incestuous scheming bitch (which is what happened in the novels. I reserve judgement that it will be successful.
Another example? The promo showing Catelyn going all CSI and checking the scene of Bran's fall for hair and fiber evidence, which would augment her actions that we know are coming, perhaps showing her in a less questionable light for the television audience (again, as opposed to the books).
Oh, and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau? I want to marry him and have a zillion of his cocky, sardonic babies. Back off, bitches - he's mine.
The girl playing Sansa is so effortlessly beautiful, and I appreciated the early peek into her mindset also. I am "iffy" on the portrayal of Arya as an uncontrollable little scamp - would she really disgrace her family by starting a food fight at the banquet? 
The Targaryens, I think, are less successful - Harry Lloyd(?) imbues Viserys with a lot more swagger and charisma than ever was present in the novels, and that is good, and Emilia Clark makes for an acceptable nubile pawn, but - I CANNOT STAND THEIR HAIR. It's white and tussles and icky. It should be long and sleek and silvery. Sansa Stark obviously has access to medieval hair care products, why can't they?
I hate Theon anew, thanks to the smug and assholey portrayal, so nice job there, HBO.
I do take issue with the portrayal of Winterfell as rough and muddy and coarse and dirty. Yes, it is remote and cold and frosty, but I pictured it also as imposing and spartan and clean. Just because they are Northmen doesn't mean that Catelyn would trail her skirts through a muck-filled courtyard, nor would the lord's bedroom (actually, that was Catelyn's room) be encrusted with inches of gobbed-up candlewax. A little housekeeping, please.
I am pleased with Cersei as done by Lena Headley - she shows us a canny and haughty woman, with something swimming in her depths (we know it be abject lunacy, but shhhhhh - let's not tell everyone yet /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ) but her costume and hair... I guess they are trying to show genuine cultural differences among the Seven kingdoms, with the Westlands being all Iberian and ornate and baroque, but I cannot help but feel that no matter what the age and region, that triangular hairstyle is an abomination.
I like... so far.
					
					
							Edited by Daena the Defiant, 17 April 2011 - 10:19 PM.
1047	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-17	Ok, I posted how great the show was. What's just as good is looking over the list of members  and seeing names that have been missed for a long time. I see you Dalla, so I know Jimmy is reading too. WB Snake, man we haven't argued the boosk in years. Treb, Sergio, Hot Pie ... and others I haven't seen yet. GOOD to see you all!!!! Friends from when there were less than 1000 members on this board. I'm sure even more are coming, hey Ran. Maybe a wb sign-in thread in this forum would be a good idea. A place for old friends to holla at each other and not disrupt the sure to come debates over the series.
1048	Balefont	2011-04-17	Wonderful!  I don't know how they packed so much into one hour--or how the hour could go by so fast.DALLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1049	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-04-17	I think for trying to condense a book this size into 10 episodes it's going pretty well so far, understandably a lot has to be cut or introduced in other ways. I think my only real quip with this episode was with the consummation scene between Dany and Drogo. The audience didn't get to be shown his kindness and gentle approach with Dany, the way it ended still appeared forced and uncaring. Everyone else seemed to personify their characters so far!!! Very pleased!!! AND some really good lines not in the book!!!!BUT, I am slightly worried after watching the upcoming previews. What was with those clips of Cat discovering Cersei's hair in the tower??? And then saying she thinks the Lannisters are behind Bran's fall (unless they show the dagger scene and all that)? I can't imagine they'd forgo "the seed is strong" and have Cat play a major role in that storyline.
1050	awesome possum	2011-04-17	That was simply amazing.
1051	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	Overall, I think the premier was pretty awesome. It does suffer from exposition, as was mentioned in many of the reviews, but on the whole it was bad-ass. I don't know if I can watch this series, though. it is PAINFUL seeing these people and knowing what is in store for their characters. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />My husband had no clue what was coming.  When Bran was pushed he just sat there for a full minute or more not even moving.  Then he asked if he lived...but it was more like "He lives, doesn't he?" He seemed rather upset at the thought of him not living.
1052	arrowfan	2011-04-17	Just watched ep1 of Game of Thrones. :}  What are your thoughts? 
Credits: awesome, really nice, like the use of the map
Prologue: we got our first glimpse of the Wall - looks fantastic. Really liked the shots in the woods.  Definitely would have preferred the scene from the book where the kid is in the tree trying to keep quiet while the Others murder his party. Crazy that they didn't use that. But was still pretty good. 
I was a bit disappointed with the Others... they looked like wildlings to me.  :{  Where was the little rippling armor?
Characters: for me Bran, Cersei, Arya, and Dany stole every scene they were in. 
For all the Dany haters out there...hehe well how about that?! Are you kidding me? Thank you HBO.  Maybe a bit too gratuitous but I'll take it. Yum. But beyond how hot Dany is, the Pentos scenes were pretty good. Thought the "savagery" of the Dothraki was a bit overdone, but it still sets up the plot.
Bran and Arya - cutest kids ever. Looking forward to more scenes with them. 
Cersei - she commanded all scenes she's was in, just the way it should be.
Scenes: Winterfell was perfect.  Need to see more of King's Landing to get a feel.  Can't wait to see more of the Wall cause that was the most spot-on of all. 
Overall: as a fan it was a celebration and joy to watch.  I just hope it translates well for new comers.
What do you think? ....
					
					
							Edited by arrowfan, 17 April 2011 - 09:54 PM.
1053	Trebla	2011-04-17	"It's true what they say about northern girls"  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Tyrion's been listening to the Beach Boys!
I liked the lil' foreshadowing when Jaime tells Tyrion, "Our sister craves your attention"
Tyrion: "She has odd cravings, our sister"
Jaime: "A family trait"
At first glance, you think Jaime is talking about Tyrion's whoring but... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1054	Kanin	2011-04-17	I liked the shots of inside Winterfell.  Just how I pictured it, dark and dingy.
The Silent Sisters were great.
I always wondered why Cersei is called Cersei Lannister instead of Cersei Baratheon, like Catelyn is called Catelyn Stark instead of Catelyn Tully.
Loved The Hound's armor and can't wait to see Barristan the Bold.
1055	Eve	2011-04-17	My husband knows nothing about the books.  I think he perked up when breasts were exposed, and said "what the hell?!" when Bran was pushed from the tower.  Poor man has NO idea what he is in for.
1056	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	I thought sansa and cercei would be hotter.  Just me.I think the girl who plays Sansa's pretty hot.  She's only 13.  They're not going to doll her up like Megan Fox in Transformers.
1057	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	"It's true what they say about northern girls"  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Tyrion's been listening to the Beach Boys!I liked the lil' foreshadowing when Jaime tells Tyrion, "Our sister craves your attention"Tyrion: "She has odd cravings, our sister"Jaime: "A family trait"At first glance, you think Jaime is talking about Tyrion's whoring but... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Ahh, I didn't catch that.  Very nice foreshadowing.
1058	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	rewatching...
seeing the Unsullied now, thanks for pointing that out upthread--they aren't pudgy here though.
1059	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	Khal Drogo just rode away and Viserys came running up with a pathetic little 'Where's he's going??".  It was perfect and one of the few definite glimpses of how weak Viserys is.
1060	Basileus777	2011-04-17	I enjoyed it minus the Dothraki wedding scene, which I found to be a bit tacky. I kind of feel like they spent so much time trying to shock you throughout the episode that it lessened the impact of the ending. Then again that might have something to do with watching to with my parents. I don't think they fully understood what was going on, it will be interesting to see how they take to the coming episodes.
1061	blasted_saber	2011-04-17	That rocked.
Now we have to wait a week for Ep2
1062	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Loved The Hound's armor and can't wait to see Barristan the Bold.I can't wait to see Littlefinger and Varys.  The events in King's Landing will be even better than this episode, if that's possible. As much as I loved it, I can't help but worry about non-book readers.  Are they interested enough?
1063	Orion	2011-04-17	Loved the intro. Viserys is amazing, he actually seems to be Aery's son with those mad eyes.
Didn't like the change they did with Catelyn, maybe they try to portray her more sympathetic to people. I was irked with the scenes of the wedding, and the way Robert was acting at the feast. 
Loved Arya, Dany, Tyrion and Jaime.
Great episode overall.
1064	Eddard house stark	2011-04-17	Thought the scene between Jon and tyrion was rushed. Thought they made Jamie more charming than arrogant. The hounds armor is wonderful. After seeing Joffrey it is so obvious he isn't roberts. I actually disliked cat more than the book
1065	Blue Steel	2011-04-17	Another thing to add is that I think Joffrey was perfectly cast.
How do I know?  Because as soon as he appeared on my tv I wanted to punch him in the face repeatedly.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 17 April 2011 - 09:59 PM.
1066	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	Thought the Stark kids were all great.  Sansa looks way too old to be playing a 13 year old.You do realize that she's 15 in real life.  How old did you think she looked, 20?Some of these Sansa criticisms seem a bit off to me.  She, in no way, looks too old to be 13.  Especially how they dressed her down for the role to make her seem as innocent as possible.I do like them making Cat seem more human.  I hated her in the books as well, mostly bc GRRM did little to humanize her as he did with seemingly every other character in the series.  Even Cersei begins to earn a bit of sympathy in AFFCs.  Changing her opinion on Ned going south seems a right move to me in hindsight.seeing the Unsullied now, thanks for pointing that out upthread--they aren't pudgy here though.Noticed this as well.  Makes me wonder if they're going to be portrayed as eunuchs.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 10:03 PM.
1067	Rockroi	2011-04-17	I am probably in the minority here but this is what I really liked:1. The pace.  I really, really enjoyed the break-neck speed of the show.  The books are dense (I mean that in the most positive sense of the word) and they cover a lot in just a few pages.  The books threw a lot at us in a really fast pace, we just didn't realize it because we READ at our own paces; the show MOVES at its own pace, so it seems faster.  This was one episode and it grabbed us by the end of the first episode probably in the same place where the books grabbed us: with a valiant knight throwing a child off a roof.  2. Viserys: I want to point out that every actor NAILED their character or played the character with enough skill to draw that character into a new place.  However, no character actually improved in scope than Viserys.  In the books, in the first few chapters, Viserys is, in effect, a weasley nutzoid- crazy, stupid, impetuous, sniveling and arrogant.  The show's Viserys - instead of keeping those character traits disparate and apart (pulling each one out as needed)- drew every one of those character traits inward into a single point: Viserys Targaryen is a maniac.  He is crazy, he acts crazy, he draws all around him inward into his maniacal thoughts; he is hurtful and dangerous and decidedly unrealistic, arrogant and sniveling etc etc etc.  But in every scene, the actor polishes is all together and hones it into the maniac, Viserys III.  3. The Ambition: No story line was cut down or shortened in order to make room for the other.  The books nailed EVERY important point as needed with only slight alterations.  The fact that the book could fit all that in in such a small space is a worthy accomplishment. 4. Smiling Ned: Am I the only one who liked that Ned Stark actually smiled in the show?  What I am on the Fence on:1. No.  The scene where Dany is bedded by Drago, in the books, is very slow and very very very touching.  Drogo sheds the horse-lord-savage-skin and instead shows a "softer" side; he is actually tender to Dany and shows that he is capable of loving her.  In the show, the  actress is clearly terrified of Drogo and is "fucked" while terrified.  This worked in one sense (she's a scared child who is a thing not a person to all involved and she is truly alone), but failed in another: that her and Drogo actually had a relationship.  2. The Things I Do for Love: The most important scene in the show almost failed for me.  For starters, in the book, Jaime saves Bran before he tries to kill him (showing Jaime's duality).  But moreso, Jaime treats this cavalierly even for Jaime Lannister.  In retrospect, Jaime always stated that he knew what was at stake when he pushed Bran from the window; in the show, Jaime treats it as nothing more than a nuisance.  Now, Jaime IS that arrogant, but in the books- I always got the sense that Jaime knew how horrible this was and knew what was going to happen- and did it anyway.  In the show ... he didn't even look at Bran.  3. Sansa: Age 15.  Sansa Stark, in the books, is 11; on the show she's 13; the actress playing Sansa is clearly 15.  The actress playing Sansa looks much, much older than the 11 year ofl I have in my mind's eye, and given Sansa's dialog, her position in the books, and her reputation (wrongly achieved IMHO) on these boards makes what she is saying sound far far far more petulant and childish than if they came from an 11 year old- in which case they would appear age-appropriate.  This can go either way, but so far- she sounds as bad on the show as others have said in the books.  What I did not like:1 (and only) "And which one of you was a marksman at age ten... other than my daughter who is age nine."  Seriously- I know they have to make Arya into a tom-girl who can kill, etc, but ... no really, she does not train and if she does its in secret, etc, but she can nail a bulls-eye first try.  Its called ham-handed and it showed.
1068	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Another thing to add is that I think Joffrey was perfectly cast.How do I know?  Because as soon as he appeared on my tv I wanted to punch him in the face repeatedly.I was watching it with someone who hasn't read the books and they said "he's a smug prat isn't he." And I just knew he was the perfect person for Joffrey.
1069	Balefont	2011-04-17	That rocked.Now we have to wait a week for Ep2We're GRRM fans - we're well practiced at waiting. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1070	So1ar	2011-04-17	Overall it was pretty good. "the things i do for love" seemed a little rushed imo. did anyone else think there was more nudity than necessary?
1071	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-04-17	Another thing to add is that I think Joffrey was perfectly cast.How do I know?  Because as soon as he appeared on my tv I wanted to punch him in the face repeatedly.i definitely concur!
1072	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-17	Thought the scene between Jon and tyrion was rushed.If I was to pick the biggest gripe that I did have, it's probably this. Being as I am a huge nerd I was re-reading the parts from this episode a couple of hours before it aired and I remembered just how great that little encounter is. In the book Tyrion comes across as more kindly than he did in the show, I think. I wonder if that will affect how the character is perceived.
1073	SergioCQH	2011-04-17	What I did not like:1 (and only) "And which one of you was a marksman at age ten... other than my daughter who is age nine."  Seriously- I know they have to make Arya into a tom-girl who can kill, etc, but ... no really, she does not train and if she does its in secret, etc, but she can nail a bulls-eye first try.  Its called ham-handed and it showed.Arya is older than Bran, in both the books and the series.
1074	Triskan	2011-04-17	Arya!  Arya is going to be a rockstar.
This was so good.  My only complaints are but quibbles.  So well-casted and so well acted.   
A serious question:  How much money could the actor playing Joffrey get for selling people the opportunity to punch him in the face?  Maybe with boxing gloves, but still.  I think people would pay good money to slug that fucker.
1075	Daena the Defiant	2011-04-17	Overall it was pretty good. "the things i do for love" seemed a little rushed imo. did anyone else think there was more nudity than necessary?For this series? And for HBO? Ever see Rome or Deadwood? Or True Blood?They actually left out some of the more gratuitous nudity from the novels - Ned and Catelyn are post-coital and naked when Maester Luwin brings Lysa's letter - and Ned even chided Catelyn for emerging from the bed to walk to Luwin while naked. Additionally, Jaime and Cersei were clothed in this episode, when Bran actually saw them in flagrante delicto, totally stark (heh) naked.The part where Viserys feels up his sister was in the book, as was the fornicating at the Dothraki wedding.
1076	AverageGuy	2011-04-17	I liked it.  But I kept on wondering whether non-readers would get into it, and I realized I'm completely unable to judge.  Guess we'll have a better idea as reviews hit over the next couple days.
1077	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-04-17	A serious question:  How much money could the actor playing Joffrey get for selling people the opportunity to punch him in the face?  Maybe with boxing gloves, but still.  I think people would pay good money to slug that fucker.amen to that.perfectly cast
1078	Dalla with child	2011-04-17	Sword, Balefont, good to see you, too!  And good to see Trebla, Xray, Sergio, Ormond, and Mack.  Vico was indeed reading over my shoulder, and he says hello.   [img]http://asoiaf.wester...ult/biggrin.gif[/img] Earlier in the thread, someone mentioned that the actress who plays Sansa looks too old to be 13. I seem to be around a lot of 13 year olds lately (one of them my own) and Sansa would fit in nicely.
1079	Blue Steel	2011-04-17	How is it ham handed if Arya is a marksman anyway?  She takes after Lyanna and Lyanna was the Laughing Knight.
1080	fir3fox	2011-04-17	I am probably in the minority here but this is what I really liked:I thought The Rock that Roared had a perfect summary, I had similar feelings about all the points he mentioned.  It wasn't perfection (that's an unrealistic standard) but I'm still looking forward to seeing the rest of the series.
1081	dixiehellcat	2011-04-17	Am I the only one who took one look at Viserys & thought 'I bet there are some Malfoys in the Targaryen family tree?' /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1082	georgeforeman	2011-04-17	I am probably in the minority here but this is what I really liked:1. The pace.  I really, really enjoyed the break-neck speed of the show.  The books are dense (I mean that in the most positive sense of the word) and they cover a lot in just a few pages.  The books threw a lot at us in a really fast pace, we just didn't realize it because we READ at our own paces; the show MOVES at its own pace, so it seems faster.  This was one episode and it grabbed us by the end of the first episode probably in the same place where the books grabbed us: with a valiant knight throwing a child off a roof.  2. Viserys: I want to point out that every actor NAILED their character or played the character with enough skill to draw that character into a new place.  However, no character actually improved in scope than Viserys.  In the books, in the first few chapters, Viserys is, in effect, a weasley nutzoid- crazy, stupid, impetuous, sniveling and arrogant.  The show's Viserys - instead of keeping those character traits disparate and apart (pulling each one out as needed)- drew every one of those character traits inward into a single point: Viserys Targaryen is a maniac.  He is crazy, he acts crazy, he draws all around him inward into his maniacal thoughts; he is hurtful and dangerous and decidedly unrealistic, arrogant and sniveling etc etc etc.  But in every scene, the actor polishes is all together and hones it into the maniac, Viserys III.  3. The Ambition: No story line was cut down or shortened in order to make room for the other.  The books nailed EVERY important point as needed with only slight alterations.  The fact that the book could fit all that in in such a small space is a worthy accomplishment. 4. Smiling Ned: Am I the only one who liked that Ned Stark actually smiled in the show?  What I am on the Fence on:1. No.  The scene where Dany is bedded by Drago, in the books, is very slow and very very very touching.  Drogo sheds the horse-lord-savage-skin and instead shows a "softer" side; he is actually tender to Dany and shows that he is capable of loving her.  In the show, the  actress is clearly terrified of Drogo and is "fucked" while terrified.  This worked in one sense (she's a scared child who is a thing not a person to all involved and she is truly alone), but failed in another: that her and Drogo actually had a relationship.  2. The Things I Do for Love: The most important scene in the show almost failed for me.  For starters, in the book, Jaime saves Bran before he tries to kill him (showing Jaime's duality).  But moreso, Jaime treats this cavalierly even for Jaime Lannister.  In retrospect, Jaime always stated that he knew what was at stake when he pushed Bran from the window; in the show, Jaime treats it as nothing more than a nuisance.  Now, Jaime IS that arrogant, but in the books- I always got the sense that Jaime knew how horrible this was and knew what was going to happen- and did it anyway.  In the show ... he didn't even look at Bran.  3. Sansa: Age 15.  Sansa Stark, in the books, is 11; on the show she's 13; the actress playing Sansa is clearly 15.  The actress playing Sansa looks much, much older than the 11 year ofl I have in my mind's eye, and given Sansa's dialog, her position in the books, and her reputation (wrongly achieved IMHO) on these boards makes what she is saying sound far far far more petulant and childish than if they came from an 11 year old- in which case they would appear age-appropriate.  This can go either way, but so far- she sounds as bad on the show as others have said in the books.  What I did not like:1 (and only) "And which one of you was a marksman at age ten... other than my daughter who is age nine."  Seriously- I know they have to make Arya into a tom-girl who can kill, etc, but ... no really, she does not train and if she does its in secret, etc, but she can nail a bulls-eye first try.  Its called ham-handed and it showed.I was going to post something. But then you said it for me.I can't believe there hasn't been more angst here about Drogo raping Dany. How can she possibly have the kind of relationship she has with him in the books if he starts out by raping her? For chrissake. The only reason I bought in to Dany buying into the Dothraki stuff was because Drogo was her Sun and Stars. She loved him passionately, and he loved her back. I can't fathom that relationship being started by him savagely raping her. Him basically waiting until she gave him permission was the reason that relationship made sense. Without it... I don't get it at all.I also don't get why they changed Bran falling and Jamie catching him. It reduced the shock when he fell. It seemed unnecessary and all things equal, leave it the same if it doesn't make things better. Regarding whether Sansa was "hot" enough... well, she looked attractive in some shots and not in others. It was weird. Also, I had no problem with Dany/Viserys's wigs. I didn't even notice them.
1083	WarGalley	2011-04-17	2. Viserys: I want to point out that every actor NAILED their character or played the character with enough skill to draw that character into a new place.  However, no character actually improved in scope than Viserys.  In the books, in the first few chapters, Viserys is, in effect, a weasley nutzoid- crazy, stupid, impetuous, sniveling and arrogant.  The show's Viserys - instead of keeping those character traits disparate and apart (pulling each one out as needed)- drew every one of those character traits inward into a single point: Viserys Targaryen is a maniac.  He is crazy, he acts crazy, he draws all around him inward into his maniacal thoughts; he is hurtful and dangerous and decidedly unrealistic, arrogant and sniveling etc etc etc.  But in every scene, the actor polishes is all together and hones it into the maniac, Viserys III.  Sort of agree here. The actor did a good job with the character. However I'm expecting the writers to move Viserys toward a  half batshit-insane character.2. The Things I Do for Love: The most important scene in the show almost failed for me.  For starters, in the book, Jaime saves Bran before he tries to kill him (showing Jaime's duality).  But moreso, Jaime treats this cavalierly even for Jaime Lannister.  In retrospect, Jaime always stated that he knew what was at stake when he pushed Bran from the window; in the show, Jaime treats it as nothing more than a nuisance.  Now, Jaime IS that arrogant, but in the books- I always got the sense that Jaime knew how horrible this was and knew what was going to happen- and did it anyway.  In the show ... he didn't even look at Bran.  Yeah it came off like Cersei was asking him to do it, which is not true. Saving Bran, sighing, 'the things I do for love,' tossing him.. that's how I've always pictured it. But it's not the end of the world.
1084	Crow's  Eye	2011-04-17	We're GRRM fans - we're well practiced at waiting. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />lol.  Nice.I was thoroughly impressed at how much they were able to fit into one episode.  There was a point where I thought for sure they couldn't fit Dany's wedding into this hour, and then I was surprised at how much they actually showed. So at this early stage I was most impressed by Emelia Clarke.  She didn't have many lines, but she conveyed the brutalized, abused sister perfectly with little more than the movement of her eyes.  She is going to be a star. I also loved the Ned/Robert scenes.  They totally captured the essence of that relationship - "brothers" who hardly know each other as men, but still have an instinctive trust and respect for each other. Jaime was probably the biggest surprise of the show.  He captured the essence of that arrogance perfectly.  Anyway, I was thoroughly engrossed in an episode that was nothing but exposition other than the first 5 minutes and the last 60 seconds, so that bodes  pretty well for the long run.Nice to see some old names in this thread!
1085	Balefont	2011-04-17	FFS, the Drogo raping Dany vs. the tenderness to willingness shown in the books makes total sense for the series on screen because it provides for a deeper character arc for both Dany and Drogo.  It's pretty fucking simple.
1086	Daena the Defiant	2011-04-17	I am probably in the minority here but this is what I really liked:What I am on the Fence on:What I did not like:Rockroi, my friend.Word.You nailed these points, and I concur. Tomorrow, when I am less harried, I will discuss why Drogo and Dany's wedding scene is, I think, going to be problematic for this show and her character.
1087	Starkess	2011-04-17	Wonderful, amazing, great stuff!
A few quibbles, of course. I'm sure we all have a couple!
1. The things I do for love. Good, but not QUITE right. The way he said it so fast, you almost missed it.
2. Sansa. I think the problem for me was with her hair. The way it was styled made her head look odd, especially the braids she had when the Lannisters first arrived at Winterfell. Kinda ruined the look for me. She did come off just as bratty as in the books.
3. Tyrion. I'm not a fan of his, but these scenes seemed pretty hit-you-in-the-head. We get it. He drinks and whores. Maybe lengthening that scene with Jon would have helped.
4. Dany rape scene. Kinda changes the whole dynamic of her relationship with Drogo. I mean, she makes a deal with the devil when he dies because she loved him, if he's just a savage rapist that doesn't really come through.
Can't wait until next week!!
1088	Mack Kilimaro	2011-04-17	Am I the only one who took one look at Viserys & thought 'I bet there are some Malfoys in the Targaryen family tree?' /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />If anybody in this episode gave me a Malfoy vibe it was Joffrey Lannister.
1089	Tyrion Lannister	2011-04-17	Am I the only one who took one look at Viserys & thought 'I bet there are some Malfoys in the Targaryen family tree?' /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />My friend (who has never read the books) dubbed him Malfoy immediately.
1090	Trebla	2011-04-17	A serious question:  How much money could the actor playing Joffrey get for selling people the opportunity to punch him in the face?  Maybe with boxing gloves, but still.  I think people would pay good money to slug that fucker. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> There's a Chicago sports talkshow called Boers and Bernstein and they talk about some people having "Punch-them-in-the-face face". They say NFL quarterbacks Jimmy Clausen and Jay Cutler have it. You just want to punch them in the face. Joffrey would top the list!
1091	Starkess	2011-04-17	FFS, the Drogo raping Dany vs. the tenderness to willingness shown in the books makes total sense for the series on screen because it provides for a deeper character arc for both Dany and Drogo.  It's pretty fucking simple.I disagree. It makes Drogo very one dimensional and Dany a Stockholm syndrome victim. Assuming the rest goes along with the book. Perhaps they are re-doing the entire relationship, in which case I will rescind my displeasure, but for now, no I don't think it improved either character arc.
1092	haaveksija	2011-04-17	I can't believe there hasn't been more angst here about Drogo raping Dany. How can she possibly have the kind of relationship she has with him in the books if he starts out by raping her? For chrissake. The only reason I bought in to Dany buying into the Dothraki stuff was because Drogo was her Sun and Stars. She loved him passionately, and he loved her back. I can't fathom that relationship being started by him savagely raping her. Him basically waiting until she gave him permission was the reason that relationship made sense. Without it... I don't get it at all.Totally in agreement with this. While in general I thought that the first episode was wonderfully done, this is the one thing that stands out for me as being utterly wrong. It makes no sense whatsoever.
1093	georgeforeman	2011-04-17	FFS, the Drogo raping Dany vs. the tenderness to willingness shown in the books makes total sense for the series on screen because it provides for a deeper character arc for both Dany and Drogo.  It's pretty fucking simple.You're joking, right? How could she ever develop trust, let alone a romantic relationship, with Drogo after that?
1094	SerLady	2011-04-17	Man this has been a wonderful hour. I bet GRRM is cheering right now.The costumes are stunning! I love the way they made Sandor Clegane out. I loved the warning Daenerys got as she went into the bath - so perfect.GRRM should be outright fistpumping it now.I liked the small scene where they showed Sandor without the helmet!
1095	banditry	2011-04-17	I loved the Winterfell scenes, and the opener at the wall.  The intro credits makes the transition from the beheading to the deserter's capture much better than it had seemed in the preview. 
The cast is amazing.  
But the shirtless scene w/ the 3 boys?  That just seemed so hokey and obviously contrived. 
And all of the Dothraki scenes just seem really cheap and phony, like something from a cheesy soap opera. 
But despite these qualms i really really enjoyed it, and i hope that it does well.  I really wondered how folks not familiar w/ the books will take it, but i've had several friends post on Facebook about enjoying the opener... so that seems a good sign.
1096	SerLady	2011-04-17	Am I the only one who took one look at Viserys & thought 'I bet there are some Malfoys in the Targaryen family tree?' /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Ahahaaa
1097	SwordoftheMorning	2011-04-17	I disagree. It makes Drogo very one dimensional and Dany a Stockholm syndrome victim. Assuming the rest goes along with the book. Perhaps they are re-doing the entire relationship, in which case I will rescind my displeasure, but for now, no I don't think it improved either character arc.I can't disagree more. Drogo showed a barbaric sense of tenderness that visually made sense. Trying to turn him into some onscreen casanova would have been totally unbelievable. Even in the books, Dany needs time and the advice (and demonstration) from her handmaidens to completely embrace the sexual relationship with Drogo. Her tears made her seem like a rape victim, but for the time and place, his actions were determined, not brutal. I don't think the writers will have any problem moving their relationship to the "Sun and Stars" phase. She still doesn't even speak Dothraki. And it didn't happen overnight in the books either.
1098	Trebla	2011-04-17	Another piece of good foreshadowing was Robert asking Ned how his boar-spearing was and Ned retorting it was still better than Robert's. Nice. The final Dany/Drogo scene seems to be what we will be arguing about for awhile. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet.
1099	SerLady	2011-04-17	Another thing to add is that I think Joffrey was perfectly cast.How do I know?  Because as soon as he appeared on my tv I wanted to punch him in the face repeatedly.I actually wanted to slap Sansa when she went "It's the only thing I ever wanted!"Nonononono! D:But good acting /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
1100	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	You're joking, right? How could she ever develop trust, let alone a romantic relationship, with Drogo after that?I think they want to show a change in Drogo's character.  As nice as it was to believe that Drogo was kind to Dany from the first moment it might have seemed odd to non-readers that a hardened killer like Drogo who'd probably had no problem taking women in the past would be able to restrain himself now.  Especially considering the language difference.  It also would be hard for some to believe that Dany would get over her own fear in time to consummate her marriage.  It's a bit different without the inner monologue to show this.  Perhaps they could have had Drogo not consummate the marriage at all at that moment when she started crying, but I'm not too broken up by how they did it.  I'm 100% with the Sword of Morning.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 10:37 PM.
1101	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-17	that went REALLY fastI wish they had made the Drogo/Dany scene a little bit closer to how the book played it out...to where it could at least seem consensualMy wife commented on this too; she noted that there was a sweetness to the scene in the book which was completely missing in the TV version.Oh wow. I won't even try to guess how non-readers would feel about that episode, but I loved it. The pacing felt quite a bit rushed though. The choice of doggy style for Jaime and Cersei felt odd though. I think keeping the scene more like the book, where he's fucking her standing up against the wall would have worked better.I agree; especially after we just had Drogo taking Dany the same way, having Jamie and Cersei doing it doggy style seemed repetitive.Least was the guy playing Illyrio. I liked him in V For Vendetta but he just seemed a bit off. Too bad Ian McNiece couldn't have played it.Oh, was he up for the role?  Or did he play it in the first version of the pilot?  He would have been great!Loved Arya and Daenerys the most! My favorite characters in the books, also. Peter Dinklage is almost too attractive to be Tyrion, but he has the attitude down perfect. So pleased* with the first episode! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Almost?  He's an Adonis compared to the way Tyrion is described in the book.  I'm sure he'll give a great performance, but he's nowhere near as ugly as the novels' Tyrion.
1102	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-04-17	I can't believe there hasn't been more angst here about Drogo raping Dany. How can she possibly have the kind of relationship she has with him in the books if he starts out by raping her? For chrissake. The only reason I bought in to Dany buying into the Dothraki stuff was because Drogo was her Sun and Stars. She loved him passionately, and he loved her back. I can't fathom that relationship being started by him savagely raping her. Him basically waiting until she gave him permission was the reason that relationship made sense. Without it... I don't get it at all.I'm right there with you on this! I don't see how raping her on their wedding night, instead of the slow build up to consent, properly portrays the start of their story. Yet at the same time I can't imagine we will have to wait very long for it to be remedied.
1103	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	The final Dany/Drogo scene seems to be what we will be arguing about for awhile. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet.Agreed.  I'm on the fence as well.  I don't think Drogo came across as brutal, but Dany just seemed so fragile that the contrast is really what hits home.
1104	SerLady	2011-04-17	I am probably in the minority here but this is what I really liked:2. The Things I Do for Love: The most important scene in the show almost failed for me.  For starters, in the book, Jaime saves Bran before he tries to kill him (showing Jaime's duality).  But moreso, Jaime treats this cavalierly even for Jaime Lannister.  In retrospect, Jaime always stated that he knew what was at stake when he pushed Bran from the window; in the show, Jaime treats it as nothing more than a nuisance.  Now, Jaime IS that arrogant, but in the books- I always got the sense that Jaime knew how horrible this was and knew what was going to happen- and did it anyway.  In the show ... he didn't even look at Bran.  What I did not like:1 (and only) "And which one of you was a marksman at age ten... other than my daughter who is age nine."  Seriously- I know they have to make Arya into a tom-girl who can kill, etc, but ... no really, she does not train and if she does its in secret, etc, but she can nail a bulls-eye first try.  Its called ham-handed and it showed.I feel that the pushing Bran thing will have a much larger impact in the next episode. The preview for "What's Next" had Cersei asking him "What was [he] thinking?" whereas Jaime replies with "I was thinking about us."Or something to that effect anyway.I personally I liked the Arya scene. Some lightheartedness before all the events became really serious maybe?
1105	Spanky	2011-04-17	The only thing I wanted was more Hound.  Was the entire courtyard dueling scene taken out?  Isn't that where Tyrion was supposed to slap Joffery with the Hound watching?
1106	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	Almost?  He's an Adonis compared to the way Tyrion is described in the book.  I'm sure he'll give a great performance, but he's nowhere near as ugly as the novels' Tyrion.I disagree.  ANY dwarf, especially compared to Jamie, is going to be thought of as ugly by his peers. (We are much more enlightened /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> )Plus, he'll get uglier when they cut off his nose. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1107	The Prophet	2011-04-17	I think you are all missing the most important foul up. Catelyn is definitely more attractive than that!
haha...just kidding...kind of.
I loved the show, but I think non-readers would have a lot of questions and hopefully future episodes will answer them. In the book we got a ton of info from the crypt scene, but on the show...not much to say the least.
Why is Vicerys the "rightful king" As readers we all know that, but just watching that episode we have no idea. Why does Robert hate them so much? Why did he Rebel in the first place? Did they even mention the Rebellion?
They nailed Sansa though, I already hate her. I already love Arya...again lol
Someone else mentioned the shaving scene with Theon, Robb, and Jon and that was awkwardly forced.
Most of the characters are dead on though, great casting. When I first heard they were making this I wondered if they would ease up on the insest, and while it is gross I am happy they are staying true to the storyline.
Long story short though, I loved it!
1108	georgeforeman	2011-04-17	I think they want to show a change in Drogo's character.  As nice as it was to believe that Drogo was kind to Dany from the first moment it might have seemed odd to non-readers that a hardened killer like Drogo who'd probably had no problem taking women in the past would be able to restrain himself now.  Especially considering the language difference.  It also would be hard for some to believe that Dany would get over her own fear in time to consummate her marriage.  It's a bit different without the inner monologue to show this.  Perhaps they could have had Drogo not consummate the marriage at all at that moment when she started crying, but I'm not too broken up by how they did it.  I'm 100% with the Sword of Morning.He doesn't have to be Casanova. The book did it fine. There wasn't dialogue beyond "No? No? No? Yes!". It would've taken maybe another minute or two of screen time. In the book, he wasn't waiting for Dany to fall in love with him before he fucked her. He just waited for her to accept it and accept him. And that was HUGE. To just omit that is... bad, IMO.
1109	Dragon of Valyria	2011-04-17	I really feel for the princess, I do. What Viserys did to her made me recoil, but the Drogo scene was . . . well, even harder to bear. Forcibly stripped twice in the same episode? It's good that she has the inner strength to take it all and grow, but her treatment is just awful. I mean, it's not too dissimilar from the books (I'll agree with the person who said the Drogo business seems a lot less tender this tiem around) but it's just harder to handle on a visual medium.
I hope they don't turn her into a sex symbol, or something. This isn't to say I disapprove of the nudity per se: it happens in the book often enough, and in Daenerys's case, the violation of her bodily integrity reflects her own lack of personal agency vis-a-vis Viserys and (at first) Drogo and it's an important part of her growth to see her take charge. I just hope it doesn't ever lose track of that to become merely "sexy."
1110	quickmind	2011-04-17	I am a huge fan of the series, and my wife has never read them. I've been talking about how excited I was for this show to premiere for months now, and she knows I obsessively check GRRM's page to find out when the next book will be coming out. Basically, she knew she was expected to watch this with me when it came out(and its not a stretch to get her to watch it, since she likes fantasy and scifi film and television, as well as comics and books).
She brought an outside perspective to this series, and had some thoughts that I hadn't even considered, especially since this is so close to my heart. She was majorly offended at how the Dothraki were handled. They are portrayed here as a savage group of primitives who rape and kill on a whim.  And since this is the only view of a different ethnic group, it is offensive to people looking for an equal portrayal of cultures. It was hard to argue against this view point, especially since the culture was changed from how it appears in the books. I never got any racist undertones from the books, so it was weird for me to hear that point of view, but I can definitely see it now from their portrayal in the show. Any thoughts on this?
1111	TheBigTEA	2011-04-17	I loved the way this began...so surreal seeing something I have been reading for 11 years make it to my TV screen. I kept telling my fiancee "I can't believe this is happening"!
The Dany Drogo scene did not bother me....he is a frickin' barbarian and she is his wife...what do you think is gonna happen? It is not like historically the consummation of weddings in the novels are all super honey sweet and other couple have found love. I thought the scene was just fine. 
Really excited for the future of this!
1112	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Someone else mentioned the shaving scene with Theon, Robb, and Jon and that was awkwardly forced.I assumed it was thrown in there to connect the appearances between original Pilot Jon and Robb and the scenes filmed later.
1113	A Song of Hound and Wolves	2011-04-17	First time post, be gentle.
I agree that there are minor things with which I could quibble, but I won't because the series completely won me over.  I know the precise moment; it was during the dinner scene when Robb answers his mother's nod and removes Arya from the table.  At that moment, I suddenly felt overwhelmingly sad for all the Starks (knowing their upcoming fates) and I realized how much I already loved this sweet family. Not from the books, but the characters as I was seeing them in this production.  And I ached to think of these parents and youngsters going off on their separate and tragic paths.  
The development of the Stark family was fantastic and completely won me.
(Having said that, put me down in the confused/upset/disturbed column for the Dany/Drogo consummation.)
1114	Balefont	2011-04-17	I can't disagree more. Drogo showed a barbaric sense of tenderness that visually made sense. Trying to turn him into some onscreen casanova would have been totally unbelievable. Even in the books, Dany needs time and the advice (and demonstration) from her handmaidens to completely embrace the sexual relationship with Drogo. Her tears made her seem like a rape victim, but for the time and place, his actions were determined, not brutal. I don't think the writers will have any problem moving their relationship to the "Sun and Stars" phase. She still doesn't even speak Dothraki. And it didn't happen overnight in the books either.I think they want to show a change in Drogo's character.  As nice as it was to believe that Drogo was kind to Dany from the first moment it might have seemed odd to non-readers that a hardened killer like Drogo who'd probably had no problem taking women in the past would be able to restrain himself now.  Especially considering the language difference.  It also would be hard for some to believe that Dany would get over her own fear in time to consummate her marriage.  It's a bit different without the inner monologue to show this.  Perhaps they could have had Drogo not consummate the marriage at all at that moment when she started crying, but I'm not too broken up by how they did it.  I'm 100% with the Sword of Morning.Agreed.  I'm on the fence as well.  I don't think Drogo came across as brutal, but Dany just seemed so fragile that the contrast is really what hits home.Precisely.  It's a change I'm willing to accept assuming that the arcs are properly developed over the season.  The whole "How can she ever trust him after he rapes her on her wedding night" is an argument where you're bringing too much of your own beliefs into the equation.  Dany knew what was going to happen - what had to happen - at her wedding.  In the books, yes, he's tender and his foreplay helps drive away most of her fear.  But night after night of traveling with the khalessar he takes her like a dog, roughly without tenderness, until she finds an inner strength to accept her fate and take control of it.  The wedding night in the books will not jive well with the onscreen story without Dany's inner monologue for the viewer.  And that just ain't gonna happen or work.
1115	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-17	I am a huge fan of the series, and my wife has never read them. I've been talking about how excited I was for this show to premiere for months now, and she knows I obsessively check GRRM's page to find out when the next book will be coming out. Basically, she knew she was expected to watch this with me when it came out(and its not a stretch to get her to watch it, since she likes fantasy and scifi film and television, as well as comics and books).She brought an outside perspective to this series, and had some thoughts that I hadn't even considered, especially since this is so close to my heart. She was majorly offended at how the Dothraki were handled. They are portrayed here as a savage group of primitives who rape and kill on a whim.  And since this is the only view of a different ethnic group, it is offensive to people looking for an equal portrayal of cultures. It was hard to argue against this view point, especially since the culture was changed from how it appears in the books. I never got any racist undertones from the books, so it was weird for me to hear that point of view, but I can definitely see it now from their portrayal in the show. Any thoughts on this?Tell her about the Ironborn, the Dothraki aren't the only killing/raping/pillaging barbarians in the book.
1116	The Prophet	2011-04-17	My take on the Dany/Drogo scene:
The bottom line is between know and Episode 10 we have to see Dany go from the passive, demure, follower that she is in the beginning of the book to Daenerys Freaking Stormborn! Ready to be a total Badass by the end. I think they will speed through the intricacy of Drogo and Dany's relationship. Drogo's gentlemanly side will just have to go unnoticed for now, every single little piece of every single character isn't going to make the cut.
1117	georgeforeman	2011-04-17	The Dany Drogo scene did not bother me....he is a frickin' barbarian and she is his wife...what do you think is gonna happen? It is not like historically the consummation of weddings in the novels are all super honey sweet and other couple have found love. I thought the scene was just fine. The problem isn't that it was unrealistic or "out of character" for some generic barbarian lord. The problem is the way it defines Dany and Drogo's relationship from the start vs. what their relationship turns into in the books. It's hard to get to the latter once you start with the former.
1118	DaddyTorgo	2011-04-17	I am a huge fan of the series, and my wife has never read them. I've been talking about how excited I was for this show to premiere for months now, and she knows I obsessively check GRRM's page to find out when the next book will be coming out. Basically, she knew she was expected to watch this with me when it came out(and its not a stretch to get her to watch it, since she likes fantasy and scifi film and television, as well as comics and books).She brought an outside perspective to this series, and had some thoughts that I hadn't even considered, especially since this is so close to my heart. She was majorly offended at how the Dothraki were handled. They are portrayed here as a savage group of primitives who rape and kill on a whim.  And since this is the only view of a different ethnic group, it is offensive to people looking for an equal portrayal of cultures. It was hard to argue against this view point, especially since the culture was changed from how it appears in the books. I never got any racist undertones from the books, so it was weird for me to hear that point of view, but I can definitely see it now from their portrayal in the show. Any thoughts on this?I can see how she might think this - I think the key is to tell her to stick with it and as Dany becomes more and more integrated into the Dothraki I think we'll see the perspective of the way they are portrayed change massively.
1119	HokieStone	2011-04-17	My one question - where was Theon?  Was he the 3rd guy in the haircut scene?
1120	Trebla	2011-04-17	Oh, was he up for the role? Or did he play it in the first version of the pilot? He would have been great!Yup. He was in the pilot but IIRC a scheduling conflict made him unavailable afterwards.Quibbles: I also was meh about the shirtless stud scene.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> The only CGI scene that didn't look quite right was when Bran was running on the rooftop of Winterfell as the KL party arrived. Seemed a bit off.I did LOVE the Heartstree scene. Perfect. The tree looked perfect. I liked how they included it in the credits. The credits were fantastic. I also think Michele Fairley and Sean Bean have very good chemistry. I really liked the pillowtalk scene as they gossip about how fat Robert got. heh.
1121	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-17	My one question - where was Theon?  Was he the 3rd guy in the haircut scene?Yes, he was also the guy who insisted on killing the wolf pups.
1122	Daemon23	2011-04-17	But the shirtless scene w/ the 3 boys?  That just seemed so hokey and obviously contrived.It's called "fan service" and I am not complaining. It isn't like we didn't see any topless women, so a little screen time for those of us uninterested in boobs is very much appreciated. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />All in all, I found this pretty darn faithful to the books.  I did spend a good ten minutes going over who's who and the established plot points with my mom (who has not read the books, but likely will if she enjoys the series), because it is complicated, but aside from needing to explain who the Targaryens were, she followed pretty well.Sean Baen does not look a thing like my mental image of Ned Stark, but he nailed the persona and I am sure I'll get to the point where I no longer notice the discrepency.The acting was good (yes, even from the children), the major plot points were laid out fairly adroitly, and they chose a very good moment with which to end the first episode.  I say thumbs up.
1123	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-17	The problem isn't that it was unrealistic or "out of character" for some generic barbarian lord. The problem is the way it defines Dany and Drogo's relationship from the start vs. what their relationship turns into in the books. It's hard to get to the latter once you start with the former.I don't think their relationship was ever as ideal as the book indicated, I always felt Dany's attachment to Drogo had a little bit of Stockholm Syndrome to it.
1124	Steel_Wind	2011-04-17	I assumed it was thrown in there to connect the appearances between original Pilot Jon and Robb and the scenes filmed later.Exactly.
1125	moonjump05	2011-04-17	The only thing I wanted was more Hound.  Was the entire courtyard dueling scene taken out?  Isn't that where Tyrion was supposed to slap Joffery with the Hound watching?It should be next episode, it's after Bran falls.I watched with my mom and her boyfriend- both who read not the books- overall very positive from both of them.  My mom had seen some of the previews and wanted to watch it, she felt bad for Jon, Bran, Daenerys, and oddly enough King Robert.  Her bf liked the prologue alot, Tyrion, and commented on the shaving scene that Jon should get a vesectomy while he was at it- I couldn't stop laughing.I really liked the title sequence- it's almost steampunk.  Visually the episode was great- nothing really grated on me.
					
					
							Edited by moonjump05, 17 April 2011 - 10:59 PM.
1126	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-17	She brought an outside perspective to this series, and had some thoughts that I hadn't even considered, especially since this is so close to my heart. She was majorly offended at how the Dothraki were handled. They are portrayed here as a savage group of primitives who rape and kill on a whim.  And since this is the only view of a different ethnic group, it is offensive to people looking for an equal portrayal of cultures. It was hard to argue against this view point, especially since the culture was changed from how it appears in the books. I never got any racist undertones from the books, so it was weird for me to hear that point of view, but I can definitely see it now from their portrayal in the show. Any thoughts on this?I often thought that this might be brought up, but the easiest rebuttal is that the white cultures are portrayed as being no less capable of amoral behavior.  The only reason that we see the "better" side of them is that the story focuses on them more in the early episodes.  But we still see savagery from the Westeros.  Once Dany becomes more ingrained in the Dothraki culture we'll see the better side of them as well.  Especially as Dany tries to become more like them as her arc progresses.  It's only the first episode and we are initially outsiders to their culture and the only one who calls them savages is Viscerys.  Talk about the pot calling the kettle black.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 17 April 2011 - 11:00 PM.
1127	Trebla	2011-04-17	It's called "fan service" and I am not complaining. It isn't like we didn't see any topless women, so a little screen time for those of us uninterested in boobs is very much appreciated. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />lol, good point. EsmA© Bianco and Emilia Clarke.   /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />  /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />
1128	Triskan	2011-04-17	Precisely.  It's a change I'm willing to accept assuming that the arcs are properly developed over the season.  The whole "How can she ever trust him after he rapes her on her wedding night" is an argument where you're bringing too much of your own beliefs into the equation.  Dany knew what was going to happen - what had to happen - at her wedding.  This.  Was she uncomfortable, terrified even?  Sure looked like it, and the actress did a great job of portraying that.  But it was also something that she knew was inevitable.  She was getting wedded that night, and this is probably the custom even if it horrifies her.  She is probably just as horrified if not more at this point of "waking the dragon" and pissing off her brother.  And if she wasn't submissive here she could very well have awoken the dragon.
1129	iheartseverus	2011-04-17	I, too, am muchly bothered by the Dany-Drogo wedding night.  I understand the nuances--Drogo is a barbarian so this was 'tender' from that point of view.  But, that seems a thin moral-equivalence argument to me.  Like, rape isn't really rape if the rapist isn't as brutal as he usually is.  Uhhhh, what?  And, using that argument to have Dany come to love and respect her rapist as her Sun-and-Stars is...appalling.  Rape's okay, guys, its cool, really.  She'll love you for it in time.  I'm not okay with that scene, at all.
1130	Dragon of Valyria	2011-04-17	Blah, and the drooling begins. You should not look at the true queen that way! 
Somebody mentioned that there was little to no context for Robert's Rebellion--that's a fair point. It's hinted at, and we know what they mean, but I wonder if a first time viewer would have followed it at all. Well, I know a few, I'll wait and see until they get to their DVRs.
1131	Balefont	2011-04-17	I, too, am muchly bothered by the Dany-Drogo wedding night.  I understand the nuances--Drogo is a barbarian so this was 'tender' from that point of view.  But, that seems a thin moral-equivalence argument to me.  Like, rape isn't really rape if the rapist isn't as brutal as he usually is.  Uhhhh, what?  And, using that argument to have Dany come to love and respect her rapist as her Sun-and-Stars is...appalling.  Rape's okay, guys, its cool, really.  She'll love you for it in time.  I'm not okay with that scene, at all.So all her subsequent couplings with Drogo in the books are not rape because she said yes on Night #1?
1132	HokieStone	2011-04-17	Yes, he was also the guy who insisted on killing the wolf pups.Wow...you think they could've at least thrown his name out there.  Maybe a throwaway line from Robb like "A Greyjoy has no say in the fate of direwolves - remember you're my father's ward, not another of his sons" (well...something not as cheesy as that...but you get my point).  Anyway, that's the only negative that stuck out for me...no real introduction of Theon.I didn't realize that it was different actors for Robb and Jon post-shaving, but it makes sense now...I remember thinking that they really looked different after the fact.
1133	johnnysd	2011-04-17	I thought it was close to perfect. I loved the Lord of the Rings movies but never loved the books. This was truly the first time that I got to see a fantasy book I love on the screen and it was powerful. Everything seemed right to me for the most part even if some people looked different than what I picture they felt right. 
In terms of the Dany scene I think two things. First I think they will flesh out the entire Dany arc maybe a little more than in the books. Second, while the scene was more tender and consensual in the books, after that she pretty much gets raped every night. I think that we will see exactly the same arc on their relationship as in the books.
I loved it.
1134	iheartseverus	2011-04-17	deleted
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 17 April 2011 - 11:10 PM.
1135	Balefont	2011-04-17	Yes?  Yes what?
1136	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	I didn't realize that it was different actors for Robb and Jon post-shaving, but it makes sense now...I remember thinking that they really looked different after the fact. /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> They weren't different actors.  Just before they had facial hair, after they didn't.  Probably because some of the scenes were filmed for the original pilot a long time ago, and more recently newer reshoots were done.  They aren't the only ones to go through a minor change in appearance, Ned's hair is different (and better) in the scenes from the original pilot, and in the reshoots it is a wig.
1137	iheartseverus	2011-04-17	So all her subsequent couplings with Drogo in the books are not rape because she said yes on Night #1?Yes.  She said yes on night 1, and thereafter.
1138	BLU-RAY	2011-04-17	Wow...you think they could've at least thrown his name out there.  Maybe a throwaway line from Robb like "A Greyjoy has no say in the fate of direwolves - remember you're my father's ward, not another of his sons" (well...something not as cheesy as that...but you get my point).  Anyway, that's the only negative that stuck out for me...no real introduction of Theon.I didn't realize that it was different actors for Robb and Jon post-shaving, but it makes sense now...I remember thinking that they really looked different after the fact.Well, Theon does say something along the lines of "I take orders from your father, Stark, not from you."
1139	Balefont	2011-04-17	Yes.  She said yes on night 1, and thereafter.I respectfully disagree that she was a willing participant for quite some time.  Yes, she had to say yes, but she did it because she had to and not because she wanted to.  Just because it wasn't forcible rape doesn't make it not rape, right?  There is such a thing as marriage rape, right?
1140	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Well, Theon does say something along the lines of "I take orders from your father, Stark, not from you."Yeah, and it was sufficient enough for this episode.  They had a lot to introduce, Theon did not need to be introduced quite so early.  There's still plenty of time to explain who he is without giving non-book readers an overload of everyone in the first episode.
1141	mjs1124	2011-04-17	I dont have a problem with how they handled Dany because they had to quickly show that everything about her life was out of her control. In the overall story of the books Drogo, though a cool character, is really kind of minor. They dont have the time to show a slow developing relationship. I think it helps to show how much she changes in the 3 books shes been in, from scared girl to confident leader. Loved the show, after seeing the coming soon part I'm really looking forward to the next 9 episodes.
1142	Dragon of Valyria	2011-04-17	Yes.  She said yes on night 1, and thereafter.That's not really how consent works. If you want to bring in modern notions of consent, then as far as the law goes (in progressive states, at least), you may use the course of a relationship to imply consent, but a singular grant of consent does not imply future consent. Given that the course of their relationship is... rough, to say the least, then no, she did not really consent on subsequent occasions. Her free will was overborne, and it's rape.Of course, in a world where a woman becomes the property of the husband, it's a different story: she's socialized to accept that sort of thing and that's why it's okay because it's how it happened. It doesn't (and shouldn't) have to be acceptable to us, but I'm pretty sure a lot medieval brutality isn't acceptable to us.So--nuance. Important.
1143	Tacye	2011-04-17	Liked: the actors/casting, the sets, the costumes and all those little touches that made Westeros seem real. Special mention for the actors playing Viserys, Tyrion and Bran.
Disliked: Dany/Drogo consummation, most of the Dothraki scenes (came over as very lame), some of the story structure didn't jive right with me. I think it might have been better to start with a two-hour premiere.
Very, very curious to find out what people are thinking who have never read the books.
1144	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-17	Overall I thought it was good. 
I was pleasantly surprised with some of the actors, actually. I thought Mark Addy was the on-screen protrayal closest to the vision in my head. I thought Sansa was wonderful. When she said that thing about her marriage to Joff being the only thing she ever wanted, she sounded exactly like all love-lorn tweend, who think their problems are earth shattering. But then when she melted under Cersei's (genuinely charming) compliments she seemed so innocent and sweet.
As another example, I loved the guy who played Robb. He had almost no lines in the episode but he really nailed the character - the cherished heir trying to be live up to expectations, but also a sympathetic big brother who loves his siblings.  I think he's going to be great.
I wanted more direwolves. They could have left out the wierd pointless shaving scene and put in more puppies, and I would have been happy.
One of my biggest disappointments was the delivery of 'the things I do for love.' it was just too flippant and cavalier. Jamie is supposed to be angry when he says that, as if he actually doesn't want to push Bran out the window. At least in my mind.
1145	HokieStone	2011-04-17	/blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> They weren't different actors.  Just before they had facial hair, after they didn't.  Probably because some of the scenes were filmed for the original pilot a long time ago, and more recently newer reshoots were done.  They aren't the only ones to go through a minor change in appearance, Ned's hair is different (and better) in the scenes from the original pilot, and in the reshoots it is a wig.Alright, thanks.  Wasn't there a different actress for Cat originally?  Did they go back and re-film all those scenes?
1146	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	Yes.  She said yes on night 1, and thereafter.It is hard to seperate modern views from this.  Think middle ages:  women ARE chattel, they rarely have any say in marrying, and they are expected to submit on their wedding nights.  In their minds, it is not rape.  The wife is often young and scared.  That does not mean that in time she will not come to love her husband.Going with Drogo, KNOWING what was going to happen, is concent.
1147	Titan's Daughter	2011-04-17	Well that was just as amazing as I thought it would be. Loved the opening credits and that they ended the first episode with Bran's fall. So far, my nonreader friends have enjoyed it as well! yay!
1148	ludba2002	2011-04-17	Sansa was like 11 in the book. Even aged up to 13...  how hot do you expect a 13 year old to be?Super hot!  And if wanting 13 year olds to be hot is wrong, then why is the Disney Channel so popular?
1149	Balefont	2011-04-17	One of my biggest disappointments was the delivery of 'the things I do for love.' it was just too flippant and cavalier. Jamie is supposed to be angry when he says that, as if he actually doesn't want to push Bran out the window. At least in my mind.Yeah, it had a heavier tone, to me, when I read the books.  Maybe the change is important on how the character will be portrayed throughout the season.  That's all I got with regard to these tweaks.  I have to believe it's all going to make sense as each episode airs.  I tell myself, it's not the books but it definitely close enough for me. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1150	Balefont	2011-04-17	Super hot!  And if wanting 13 year olds to be hot is wrong, then why is the Disney Channel so popular?Oh boy...
1151	Weak With The Dawn	2011-04-17	For the most part I loved it.
Some bits seemed to happen too fast, and I really feel like they cheapened the initial excitement Ned felt about seeing Robert and rushed straight into the Hand of the King offer. I also thought the finding of the direwolf pups could have been a bit more mystical.
Other then those couple gripes I'm happy.
I cringed at the look on Brans face the whole time Jaime was holding his shirt, my stomach was positively churning. 
And Viserys maintains the appropriate level of douchebag. He was awesome.
And above all, young Summer is clearly the most adorable member of the cast.
1152	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-17	Yup. He was in the pilot but IIRC a scheduling conflict made him unavailable afterwards.What a pity!  I saw him as a guest at the Gallifrey convention (for Doctor Who) in Los Angeles this February, and he's very funny in person.  I'm sure he'd have given Illyrio some interesting overtones.
1153	NW Deserter	2011-04-17	The only thing I wanted was more Hound. Was the entire courtyard dueling scene taken out? Isn't that where Tyrion was supposed to slap Joffery with the Hound watching?One of the many trailers shows Tyrion slapping Joff in what looks like Winterfell's courtyard, so it might be in ep. 2.Anyway, I LOVED the pilot! A few thoughts...What I really liked1. Pretty much all of the principal characters. Stark kids, Ned, Cat, Jaime, Cersei, Dany, Viserys, Robert...all but one (see next section) of them were played to perfection. Great choices for the actors.2. Opening credits, just really cool. I expected as much from HBO.3. The music. Again, no surprise for an HBO series. Well-placed, didn't distract from anything, complemented what was going on.4. "The things I do for love." Thought it was delivered excellently and was a great cliff-hanger ending. Good way to keep in the GRRM-newbies.What I'm sorta on the fence about1. Tyrion...I'm just not feeling Dinklage as Tyrion like I thought I would. Maybe I just need to wait this out until we start seeing more of him. I did enjoy his scene with Jon but felt it was too short.2. The incredibly fast pacing. I understand that there is limited time for a vast amount of stuff, and honestly it doesn't necessarily bother me...but I think it might turn non-readers off. Maybe it was just a result of the amount of exposition and "setting up" the pilot had to do.3. The scene that will likely be THE big point of debate until next weekend...Drogo/Dany rape scene. I felt it was too rushed and seemed way too cruel compared to how the books made it out to be...but after thinking about it, it does make more sense for the small-screen version. And Drogo's "no"s did seem more determined than cruel and animalistic...we'll see how their relationship plays out. I haven't lost hope here yet.What I didn't like1. Having to wait another week for more.  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> On a side note, I watched it with a friend who has not read the books, and he wants to keep watching. His reaction after the first viserys/dany scene in the bathhouse was "What the fuck is wrong with that guy?" so I think Harry Lloyd is doing a good job there! He also laughed at Ser Rodrick's ridiculous beard. I think it's awesome, personally. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1154	Lord Godric	2011-04-17	Alright, thanks.  Wasn't there a different actress for Cat originally?  Did they go back and re-film all those scenes?Yep. Same with Illyrio, and Daenerys.  Possibly others, but those are the only two I can remember.
1155	Triskan	2011-04-17	It is hard to seperate modern views from this.  Think middle ages:  women ARE chattel, they rarely have any say in marrying, and they are expected to submit on their wedding nights.  In their minds, it is not rape.  The wife is often young and scared.  That does not mean that in time she will not come to love her husband.Going with Drogo, KNOWING what was going to happen, is concent.Well said.  The scene makes us uncomfortable by our modern standards, but this is something that has probably happened quite often throughout history and not been considered rape at those times in those contexts.  Thank God for progress.
1156	Balefont	2011-04-17	I admit I am a little bit disappointed there was no "Tell Khal Drogo he has given me the wind." But I can totally understand for reasons of timing, flow, and the minor alterations in Dany's and Drogo's initial character traits.  I guess the upside it that I'll always have my favorite version of that scene untouched and in a safe place in my mind. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
They basically chose to place Dany way low on the security scale with no little flares of her inner fire showing through in the very beginning.  I think this accentuates her growth in strength as a character from beginning to end.
1157	AzureOwl	2011-04-17	Sansa looks way too old to be playing a 13 year old.  You do realize that she's 15 in real life.  How old did you think she looked, 20?3. Sansa: Age 15.  Sansa Stark, in the books, is 11; on the show she's 13; the actress playing Sansa is clearly 15.  Just to be nitpicky, the actress playing Sansa only turned 15 two months ago. At the time this episode was filmed she was 14. SheÂ<U+0092>s just very, very tall.
1158	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-17	Wow...you think they could've at least thrown his name out there.  Maybe a throwaway line from Robb like "A Greyjoy has no say in the fate of direwolves - remember you're my father's ward, not another of his sons" (well...something not as cheesy as that...but you get my point).  Anyway, that's the only negative that stuck out for me...no real introduction of Theon.The quote on Theon's page in HBO's viewer's guide suggests that we'll have a better introduction of Theon soon, in conversation with Tyrion Lannister.  Theon's important to the story later on, but at this point it's much more important to establish the Stark and Lannister family members for new viewers.Speaking of which, did you catch the ADR exchange between Arya and Sansa about Cersei and Jamie being twins?  That was so obviously a late addition, for the benefit of confused audience members!
1159	Xenophon	2011-04-17	Wow...you think they could've at least thrown his name out there.  Maybe a throwaway line from Robb like "A Greyjoy has no say in the fate of direwolves - remember you're my father's ward, not another of his sons" (well...something not as cheesy as that...but you get my point).  Anyway, that's the only negative that stuck out for me...no real introduction of Theon.No, that would have been too much, I think. There were already so many characters to keep track of, the last thing we needed was another guy who's living with the Starks, but not really a member of the family.The quote on [url=http://viewers-guide.hbo.com/game-of-thrones/#!/guide/houses/greyjoy/theon-greyjoy/]Speaking of which, did you catch the ADR exchange between Arya and Sansa about Cersei and Jamie being twins?  That was so obviously a late addition, for the benefit of confused audience members!Yes, and I would have appreciated more additions like that!  Having a character narrate the arrival of people that other characters don't know is a great theatrical trick.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 17 April 2011 - 11:39 PM.
1160	Ser Greguh	2011-04-17	I have to say, it is a bit weird to revisit the discussions of the minutae of Dany and Drogo's marriage, these are discussions that have been had for more than a decade, and with all the new interpretations and the new scene we have to go over, it's picked the scab on some old wounds.  By modern consensus the sex between the two is no doubt rape, but this isn't a modern story, and the fact that the modern consensus shapes our interpretation of the relationship doesn't necessarily make the motivations of the characters involved analogous to how we view rape from that same modern context.  Drogo's intent is not to rape Dany so much as he simply would not understand the concept that sex with his new bride isn't something he can partake of whenever he wants.  The failing is more cultural than personal, and as the series progresses we see the interesting ways in which their relationship is renegotiated.
I loved it.  I loved the show unconditionally and don't have the heart to nitpick for now.  There are things I think could have been better, there are lines I think I would change, but my god.  They really did it, and it is not any of the things I feared it might become.  I feel a bit like someone who knew Jesus before he became so damn important.  This is awesome, in the root, awe-some sense of the word.
1161	luckyschmuck38	2011-04-17	I really don't think the Drogo/Danny scene was to far off. Without the inner monologue of Danny it's hard to convey the tenderness Drogo shows her. After watching the way he caresses her hair, wipes the tear from her cheek, and gently runs his hand over her shoulder it really takes away from the whole rape aspect of the scene. Obviously Danny is upset and scared, but I think they did the bet they could.
1162	Demonblade	2011-04-17	I thought it was OK.  Some parts were great, but everything seems so rushed, which is strange, given that we're down one episode and there's so much more left in the book.  We're at, like page 50 right about now, right?  I wonder how much will be omitted, or shall I say how much more will be omitted.  Is this season supposed to encompass the entire first book?  I dunno, as I haven't checked anything out on this series.  
Don't get me wrong, I still loved it.  The gf (who hasn't read the series, btw) said that the show is kinda creepy.  I guess one can get that impression out of what they've shown so far (i.e. the Others, Ned beheading the deserter, oh and the twin incest/tossing kid off the ledge), but the reaction was a tad surprising.  
I am glad that they included the prologue, which tells me that they potentially could be into it till the end, whenever that is.
1163	axels15	2011-04-17	did anyone else think that Jon was a  bit cold in his scenes with Bran? I dunno, I expected him to be a little more caring with Bran, but that might just have been me.  I liked the resentment he showed when talking with Benjen though.
My other gripe- not enough of the direwolves. I hope their role is boosted in the coming episodes.
Lastly, Coster-Waldau and Peter Dinklage were unbelievable, loved them!
1164	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-17	My other gripe- not enough of the direwolves. I hope their role is boosted in the coming episodes.The impression I get from the interviews is that the dogs they used for the direwolves (which were bred to look like wolves) are very difficult to train, and that they wanted to use them in more scenes but getting them to "act" was a real challenge. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> So we won't get as much direwolf action as we had in the books, alas.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1165	The Prophet	2011-04-17	did anyone else think that Jon was a  bit cold in his scenes with Bran? I dunno, I expected him to be a little more caring with Bran, but that might just have been me.  I liked the resentment he showed when talking with Benjen though.My other gripe- not enough of the direwolves. I hope their role is boosted in the coming episodes.Lastly, Coster-Waldau and Peter Dinklage were unbelievable, loved them!I thought the direwolves were still a bit small in that last scene. Doesn't summer help fight off the assassin that comes for bran before everyone leaves winterfell? seems like he would have been a little bigger at that point.
1166	Ser Greguh	2011-04-17	did anyone else think that Jon was a  bit cold in his scenes with Bran? I dunno, I expected him to be a little more caring with Bran, but that might just have been me.  I liked the resentment he showed when talking with Benjen though.I liked the scene in the training yard when Bran is practicing archery; Jon gives the psychological advice, while Robb gives the practical.  I think you're referring to the beheading, though, and Jon's approval of Bran's reaction to me is actually the warmest aspect of what is otherwise a somber and gravity-filled scene.
1167	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-17	I thought the direwolves were still a bit small in that last scene. Doesn't summer help fight off the assassin that comes for bran before everyone leaves winterfell? seems like he would have been a little bigger at that point.The assassin shows up a little while after the royal party leaves, so Summer will have a bit of time to grow into those ears. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1168	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	I thought the direwolves were still a bit small in that last scene. Doesn't summer help fight off the assassin that comes for bran before everyone leaves winterfell? seems like he would have been a little bigger at that point.Been a long time since I last read GoT, but I am pretty sure the assassin attacks after everyone is well away from Winterfel.
1169	Trebla	2011-04-17	On Theon's introduction:
	Spoiler  Next week should feature a scene with Tyrion and Theon where Tyrion mocks him for being a "Stark lackey" and wonders aloud what Balon Greyjoy would say. So I think we'll get an intro and a little background

Speaking of intros, I liked the scene at Winterfell at Cat and Maester Lewin prepare for the royal arrival. Making sure that they have plenty of candles and ale was a nice touch.
1170	ludba2002	2011-04-17	Oh boy...sarcasm doesn't come across on the interwebs, does it?
1171	Wolfheart	2011-04-17	Did anyone see the face on the heart tree in Winterfells godswoods? I hadn't noticed it. And I was watching it in HD on a plasma. I think I spent the entire scene looking for it.
1172	WrathOfTinyKittens	2011-04-18	Overall loved it.  Really great atmosphere... a few nitpicks is all I have:
1. Although the woman playing Cat is a fine actress who shares good chemistry with Sean Bean, she seems very old for Ms. Stark.  Cat is supposed to be in her mid-30s.  Also, not to be mean, but she's not pretty enough.
2. Something that struck me as strange - the Kingsguard was never mentioned, and although Jaime was wearing a white cloak, his membership in said Kingsguard never came up.  Nor did anyone call him Kingslayer.  I'm sure that'll just come in a later episode - but it's such an important part of his character that I felt like it should at least be shown.  Also, to nitpick further, Jaime was wearing the same armor as the other knights, presumably Kingsguard, who should be wearing white armor.
3. I didn't mind the new portrayal of the Others, but I thought it was strange for them to take a believable scene from the books and make it stretch credulity.  After all, Will survived initially in the book because he was hiding in a tree - the Others presumably didn't see him (while the deserter presumably escaped with the garrons).  Just a bit unbelievable that the Others kill his buddies, stand and stare at him, and then let him live.
Can't wait for next week.
1173	xerobull	2011-04-18	Did anyone see the face on the heart tree in Winterfells godswoods? I hadn't noticed it. And I was watching it in HD on a plasma. I think I spent the entire scene looking for it.It was there. Rather understated and simple.
1174	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	I haven't seen the show, obviously, but regardless of how the scene plays out calling the Dany/Drogo consummation rape is rather odd. In the context of Martinworld it's a non-issue, and it certainly shouldn't be seen as detrimental to their future relationship.
Take a much later marriage (won't mention the who here given I presume we're only doing books spoliers for GoT??). It is absolutely expected by all, including the wife, that the marriage will be consummated even though the wife is both horrified and terrified, and forced into the marriage even more unwillingly that Dany is sold into the marriage with Drogo. And in no way, shape or form would the wife regard such a consummation as rape, and not consummating the marriage is the subject of much derision and open disappoinment, with demands for consummation being made every day. The difference between the Dany/Drogo marriage and the later one is that on Dany's part there is at least some hope, or even desire, that the marriage will eventually becoming a loving one.
					
					
							Edited by The Anti-Targ, 18 April 2011 - 12:02 AM.
1175	scifi451	2011-04-18	I actually wanted to slap Sansa when she went "It's the only thing I ever wanted!"Nonononono! D:But good acting /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />I had the same thought pretty much.  Sense we all know how bad that relationship ends up being.Also have lurked here at the forum for past month or so since I finished reading the books and first post.I have to say, it is a bit weird to revisit the discussions of the minutae of Dany and Drogo's marriage, these are discussions that have been had for more than a decade, and with all the new interpretations and the new scene we have to go over, it's picked the scab on some old wounds.  By modern consensus the sex between the two is no doubt rape, but this isn't a modern story, and the fact that the modern consensus shapes our interpretation of the relationship doesn't necessarily make the motivations of the characters involved analogous to how we view rape from that same modern context.  Drogo's intent is not to rape Dany so much as he simply would not understand the concept that sex with his new bride isn't something he can partake of whenever he wants.  The failing is more cultural than personal, and as the series progresses we see the interesting ways in which their relationship is renegotiated.Agree with you on that, I am a history major from college, and one the key things that I took away in terms of studying history or cultures is to place the actions in the context of that era and not try to place the morality and social norms of our present day society.
1176	Knight of Pansies	2011-04-18	I was waiting for Mark Addy to say the line, "the King eats, and the Hand takes the shit.", very disappointed.  Maybe they'll put it in episode 2?
1177	ZombieWife	2011-04-18	Opening Title: AMAZING.  Loved it.  Have to go watch it again.
Ned: Bean is really hitting a home run.  
Tyrion: Great for the short time on screen.  Cannot wait to see more of him.
Catelyn: "How much can one of his . . . stature . . . drink?"  (haha)
Jaime.  As vividly villainous as I remember him to be. This is the character that (by book 3) I was thinking, "NO!  I can't... start..... enjoying.... his perspective!"  
I can't wait for Cersei to really get going as a character.  Lena Headey is perfect in this role.  Perfect.
From the clips, I was on the fence about Dany's story arc, but it was done so well.  Emilia Clarke's performance was so moving and emotional.  It makes me look forward to her really switching gears.
Viserys = deliciously creepy in his role.
On the topic of "rape" (Dany/Drogo).  As a woman, I was really hit by that scene, especially because it was so different from the book's version in regard to the way Drogo treated Dany (and her potentially enjoying her wedding night in the books).  
But, this is a different culture.  And it's not like most of the women who are married in this book series wasn't married off to a man they didn't know and had to perform the same "wedding night duties."  Because Drogo is a barbarian, does that make it any different?  
The kids: all wonderful.  Need more!  Sansa is really well cast.  She's such a beauty!  
More more more.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 18 April 2011 - 12:09 AM.
1178	Convivial Edd	2011-04-18	Emilia Clarke. Oh yeah.  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> 
It's not pedo, if she's not actually underage, right?
Onto serious observations, other than the Jaime/cersei scene, I don't think there was any added scenes that I actually liked. Although, I do think Tyrion's first scene is the perfect way to introduce him to people who have never seen the show, I still didn't like it. I don't know, it just felt a little over the top. 
In terms of the Dany/Drogo scene, I think there simply isn't the time in the show to drag out her first time. I think they handled that really well, honestly.
					
					
							Edited by Convivial Edd, 18 April 2011 - 12:11 AM.
1179	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-04-18	The impression I get from the interviews is that the dogs they used for the direwolves (which were bred to look like wolves) are very difficult to train, and that they wanted to use them in more scenes but getting them to "act" was a real challenge. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> So we won't get as much direwolf action as we had in the books, alas.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> yea I remember reading something along those lines. I do hope the wolves are at least featured in some parts where they play large roles in the overall plot. (summer saving bran, nymeria attacking Joff, greywind fighting alongside rob, ghost... Well ghost is almost a main character he's so intertwined with Jon's chapters)
1180	juicy b0nes	2011-04-18	I have to say this episode was done quite well. To get through 8o pages of a book in an hour is an impressive, especially when it was done as elequently as this episode.
Closest character to the description in the book is Jaime imo.
1181	Wolfheart	2011-04-18	yea I remember reading something along those lines. I do hope the wolves are at least featured in some parts where they play large roles in the overall plot. (summer saving bran, nymeria attacking Joff, greywind fighting alongside rob, ghost... Well ghost is almost a main character he's so intertwined with Jon's chapters)Yes, HBO has quite the challenge to overcome if we get a season two. The pups grow up to be bigger, and well Ghost is seen far more. As well with Grey wind and Summer. We lose Lady quickly and Nymeria gets driven off.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfheart, 18 April 2011 - 12:19 AM.
1182	HawkZ	2011-04-18	Agree with you on that, I am a history major from college, and one the key things that I took away in terms of studying history or cultures is to place the actions in the context of that era and not try to place the morality and social norms of our present day society.I'm completely perplexed by the show's choice with the Dany/Drogo consummation. I understand the argument that given both Westeros and Dothraki norms, the Dany/Drogo scene would not be culturally framed as rape...But from a character point of view the scene we say had a consent dynamic that was very very different then the book.  In the book, you can argue that Dany's entire situation was coercive and out of her control and de-facto rape... But the fact of the matter is he asks for consent before they actually have sex, and she gives it.  On the show he pushes her to her knees, crying. I'm at a loss as how these scenes can be seen as remotely the same in terms of the development of Dany and Drogo's dynamic. That's not to say that the show isn't changing that dynamic in an interesting or generative way, but that scene was a lot to swallow.
1183	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-04-18	Disregard this post. My stupid iPhone double posted my response. I thought leaving the laptop and coming to bed would surely force me to sleep. But here I am posting via my phone in the dark.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys Stormborn, 18 April 2011 - 12:23 AM.
1184	Dragonfish	2011-04-18	1. Although the woman playing Cat is a fine actress who shares good chemistry with Sean Bean, she seems very old for Ms. Stark.  Cat is supposed to be in her mid-30s.  Also, not to be mean, but she's not pretty enough.Ugh. Getting really tired of hearing this. All the characters are aged up from the books, including Ned. He's 35 at the start of the book, but in the show he's played by a 50-year-old Sean Bean. But apparently it's ok for him to have wrinkles, but not Catelyn. And personally, I think Michelle Fairley looks pretty fine for a woman of her age.2. Something that struck me as strange - the Kingsguard was never mentioned, and although Jaime was wearing a white cloak, his membership in said Kingsguard never came up.  Nor did anyone call him Kingslayer.  I'm sure that'll just come in a later episode - but it's such an important part of his character that I felt like it should at least be shown.  Also, to nitpick further, Jaime was wearing the same armor as the other knights, presumably Kingsguard, who should be wearing white armor.Ran did mention in his review that the Kingsguard were not really dwelled upon much, they're just sort of shown as random bodyguards while their venerable and auspicious history isn't mentioned. A bit disappointing, but I suppose it was inevitable given the time constraints.Also, the Kingsguard don't have white armor in the show. The producers tried giving them white armor, but it didn't look good on camera so they changed it. Personally, I kind of like the look of their new armor.
1185	scifi451	2011-04-18	Yes, HBO has quite the challenge to overcome if we get a season two. The pups grow up to be bigger, and well Ghost is seen far more. As well with Grey wind and Summer. We lose Lady quickly and Nymeria gets driven off.Agree with they do if get a second season.  One of the many interesting challenges that they face in the next book.
1186	Josiah Rowe	2011-04-18	yea I remember reading something along those lines. I do hope the wolves are at least featured in some parts where they play large roles in the overall plot. (summer saving bran, nymeria attacking Joff, greywind fighting alongside rob, ghost... Well ghost is almost a main character he's so intertwined with Jon's chapters)I'm sure that the wolves will show up in at least the first two instances.  We might only hear about Grey Wind fighting alongside Robb, though.  And Ghost will be around some at the Wall, but not as constantly at Jon's side as he is in the books, I expect.Ugh. Getting really tired of hearing this. All the characters are aged up from the books, including Ned. He's 35 at the start of the book, but in the show he's played by a 50-year-old Sean Bean. But apparently it's ok for him to have wrinkles, but not Catelyn. And personally, I think Michelle Fairley looks pretty fine for a woman of her age. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1187	Convivial Edd	2011-04-18	Agree with they do if get a second season.  One of the many interesting challenges that they face in the next book.Eh, if Being Human can make a decent looking cgi wolf on syfy's budget, I'm not too concerned. I think the much bigger shot of fuck up is the last Dany scene in aGoT. CGI fire ALWAYS looks like shit.EDIT: and Michelle Fairly is totally a coug.
					
					
							Edited by Convivial Edd, 18 April 2011 - 12:35 AM.
1188	NW Deserter	2011-04-18	Agree about Fairley. She's a little plain, but still attactive enough for me to see her as Catelyn.
One character I'm not looking forward to seeing is Lysa...caught a glimpse of her in one of those "behind the scenes" things and was very disappointed. Way too unattractive, but eh. She's not a HUGE character.
1189	snookyrump	2011-04-18	What?! No somersaulting Tyrion?!
For shame, for shame.
 /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
1190	Seerow	2011-04-18	Agree about Fairley. She's a little plain, but still attactive enough for me to see her as Catelyn.One character I'm not looking forward to seeing is Lysa...caught a glimpse of her in one of those "behind the scenes" things and was very disappointed. Way too unattractive, but eh. She's not a HUGE character.Really? Lysa always struck me as being very unattractive in the books. She may have been pretty when she was young, but it was made pretty clear she had gotten fat and ugly by the time we first meet her.
1191	Xenophon	2011-04-18	Following Rockroi's example, here are some things I liked, didn't, and am on the fence about.  I'll also add my wife's comments on a few things.By the way, I'm a fairly casual fan of the series (I liked the books, but didn't love them) and my wife has never read them.  I looked through the articles on this forum to get up to speed last week, though, so I pretty much knew the story in advance.  My wife had no idea.What I Liked:That they showed it 3 times (especially since the 1st time conflicted with the Celtics game).  Very good move by HBO. The costumes.  They did a great job of setting the right tone for a fantasy show without looking cheesy (except some of the Dothraki ones).  I felt like this was a different but very real world.  My wife thought everyone looked too clean, though, so I guess you can't please everyone.Tyrion.  My wife thought his line about how all dwarfs are bastards in the eyes of their fathers was the best thing in the show.Viserys. I hope they expand his role slightly; it would be a shame to only see him in a couple more scenes.What I'm on the fence about:The amount of explanation.  For example, the initial explanation that Arryn(?) had died went by way a bit too quickly, for my wife who had never heard of a "Hand" let alone that character.  Also the explanation of Robert's connection to Lyanna wasn't explained until they were in the crypt, making it impossible for new viewers to understand what is happening when Robert insists on paying his respects immediate after arriving at Winterfell, and Cersei is annoyed.  On the other hand, I'm not sure what else they could have done that wouldn't have been painfully boring.The nudity.  Some of it worked (like others said, Dany being nude conveyed her vulnerability. But some of it seemed excessive--I  got the point with one whore, 4 more was felt gratuitous.  What I didn't like:Drogo's wedding.  Not the scene after, but the wedding itself.  I thought it looked weirdly low-budget compared to everything else in the show.  He's supposed to be this great lord with 40,000 warriors, but his wedding looked like it had all of 50 people at it.  Also, I thought the Dothraki sex-and-fighting looked pretty silly.  I know it's basically described that way in the book, but I thought it looked cheesy.  Perhaps the costumes had something to do with that.  Also, I thought the dragon eggs looked like giant plastic pine cones.The scene where they find the direwolves. It comes out of the blue and didn't seems to have much significance compared to in the book, where it feels like an important moment. Overall Impressions:I thought it was good, but a bit too rushed.  The best scene, IMO, was Will's execution near the beginning, because they let it develop slowly so each line had weight.  The rest of the show felt hurried in comparison. My wife, on the other hand, was not a fan.  She found it too creepy and intense, and said the combination of killings and abused women is going to give her nightmares.  Pace Ginia Bellafante, the sex didn't make up for the rest.  In fact, she found it fairly gross.  Obviously she's not HBO's target market, but wonder if playing up the horror of Drogo/Dany was really wise for bringing in casual viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 18 April 2011 - 12:51 AM.
1192	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	In the same boat as others who preceded me.  Loved a lot of it, put off a bit by Dany/Drogo, really impressed with the Stark kids (Sansa looks like a precocious fourteen-year old, which is exactly what Sophie was when this was filmed - close enough to 13).  Sad to see the Bran-Tommen duel removed even more than Joffrey-Robb (which might still happen) - Bran and Tommen having fun as a pair of boys gives us a nice contrast to the future Stark-Lannister feud.
Boy I wish this could have been a 90 minute episode (with this 60 minute cut to be used in later syndication).  Too much had to be too rushed.
But none of this compares to seeing the return of Dalla to the forums.  Woo Hoo!  (wave to Vico)
1193	Brude	2011-04-18	Okay, I can't wade through 11 pages just now, so I'll just post...
I was really buzzed on some of the best beer I've ever had for my first time through, so I missed a LOT of details.  I watched it again because my roommate got stuck at the airport for several hours (long story), so when he got home we watched it again together.
My overall feelings, I loved it.  Not sure if it works for non-readers, but it sure worked for me.  I did miss Dany jumping her Silver over the fire and felt the consumation of their marriage ended on a very different note than in the book, where she goes from fear to passionately enjoying it (at least that's how I always read it, and so did all of my friends and my roommate who I watched it with).
The pacing was a bit quick for my tastes, too.  Ever since first reading the pilot script way back when, I've felt that HBO should have given them at least 90 minutes to flesh out the story a bit more - have enough time to breath between scenes, or within scenes as well as offer a bit more information for the viewers.  I hope it works for those new to the story.  It's y biggest fear for the first few episodes.
Interesting note about my little party, one of my friends brought over a girl he's started seeing and apparently she did some of the write-ups for Jon Snow in the Suvudu Cage Match fights.  I thought that was pretty neat!  Nice girl, too.  I liked her.
1194	Analu	2011-04-18	I thought it was fantastic. Got chicken skin in the opening scene with the Wall and the opening credits were epic. I kept saying to myself, "I can't believe we're actually seeing this on TV!"
The Stark kids are perfectly cast and I love Sean Bean as Eddard. Can't wait to see more.
Minor nitpicks: the Others look like Predators (though that's not necessarily a bad thing, I guess), and the dragon eggs look like big avocados. Also, they should've put some elevator shoes on Robert to make him more imposing, as in the book. Also, what happened with the purple eyes? Must not have tested well.
1195	Daenerys Stormborn	2011-04-18	Really? Lysa always struck me as being very unattractive in the books. She may have been pretty when she was young, but it was made pretty clear she had gotten fat and ugly by the time we first meet her. in the behind the scenes clip that Deserter is speaking of Lysa may be unattractive, but fat she is not. That bothered me too as she was always described as soft and no longer having an hourglass figure. Guess casting just decided to go a different route, not sure why they felt it necessary though when everyone else appears fairly spot on.
1196	Jacen	2011-04-18	I kept telling myself when it started to shut off my brain and to not mentally take note of every single discrepancy and changed line, but I did it anyways. Damn! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
While it is awesome to see something I read years ago come to life on the screen, I couldn't shrug off the feeling of something vital being missing in the translation.
Lines that I felt had real emotive power in the books seemed to fall flat, in recital style in the show. "The things I do for love" seemed so weaksauce in this iteration.
Also, I also kept thinking to myself, "If I didn't read the books, I would have no clue wtf is going on". I really have to wonder if the average viewer is going to pick up on any of the little asides and all the background information, or have any clue as to the set up of things. 
I wonder if it would have better served a new audience to have some sort of voice-over explaning things...a little history lesson of the Seven Kingdoms,  with vignettes or something, detailing the Targaryen reign, and the Rebellion and how Ned and Robert fit into it all. Think of the Lord of the Rings opening...its a very brief but awesome way of giving the uninformed audience a gist of the story and history behind the larger tale.
Anyway, thats my negative view. But there were also many parts that were very cool. Dinklage and Harrington and the guy playing Benjen were very good. I'll keep watching and keep trying to repress my inner critic that is looking for missing things to get miffed about.( I was absurdly pissed Theon didn't kick the deserters severed head /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
					
					
							Edited by Jacen, 18 April 2011 - 01:01 AM.
1197	anne3624	2011-04-18	Eddard, you don't let your kids keep a direwolf. That's a terrible idea.No freaking way!.....the dire wolves are a BIG part of the Stark family, and I am disappointed that GRRM didn't see that they could help the children of House of Stark...more than they did...he could have had a big story about them. NOT a terrible idea at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!I want a dire wolf at my side....LOL
1198	The Dude	2011-04-18	3. I didn't mind the new portrayal of the Others, but I thought it was strange for them to take a believable scene from the books and make it stretch credulity.  After all, Will survived initially in the book because he was hiding in a tree - the Others presumably didn't see him (while the deserter presumably escaped with the garrons).  Just a bit unbelievable that the Others kill his buddies, stand and stare at him, and then let him live.Will doesn't survive in the book. He descends from the tree and is killed by the wight of Ser Waymer. I agree it seems odd that he gets away, but we were never told how Gared escapes either. We almost have to assume it's intentional in the books as well.Ugh. Getting really tired of hearing this. All the characters are aged up from the books, including Ned. He's 35 at the start of the book, but in the show he's played by a 50-year-old Sean Bean. But apparently it's ok for him to have wrinkles, but not Catelyn. And personally, I think Michelle Fairley looks pretty fine for a woman of her age.I agree all around. I actually really like her as Cat, and maybe even prefer HBOs depiction of the character so far.I am most impressed with the Arya and Viserys actors. Arya is so perfect and she's barely even said a line yet.
1199	anne3624	2011-04-18	I thought it was fantastic. Got chicken skin in the opening scene with the Wall and the opening credits were epic. I kept saying to myself, "I can't believe we're actually seeing this on TV!"The Stark kids are perfectly cast and I love Sean Bean as Eddard. Can't wait to see more.Minor nitpicks: the Others look like Predators (though that's not necessarily a bad thing, I guess), and the dragon eggs look like big avocados. Also, they should've put some elevator shoes on Robert to make him more imposing, as in the book. Also, what happened with the purple eyes? Must not have tested well.Its exactly how I pictured it while reading the books!!!....the white walkers are evil...with blue eyes....and those they kill, become white walkers...with blue eyes....very evil....the purple eyes were said to be a problem from the start...but just go with it...for god's sake. the dragon eggs have to be big...after all, dragons are big when grown!..haven't you seen dragons before?....I approve...and I already want to see the next episode!!!!!.....They hit it on the nail,,, perfectly, I just don't see how they can get the whole story in an 8 epidsode series.....something will be left out../sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1200	Hound Reborn	2011-04-18	This day has finally come after months and months of anticipation!! And it definitely did not disappoint... However, there were some changes and scenes left out that bummed me out a little bit, starting with the opening prologue scene...
When Waymer Royce fights the "Whitewalkers" AKA the Others, he was supposed to duel one of them for a short while as a few Whitewalkers stood and watched... In the opening scene, he gets decapitated almost immediately.. THAT WAS LAME AND STUPID!! Definitely the most disappointing scene for me...  Also, while were still on the opening scene, HBO got it all wrong and reversed... Will, "the younger looking guy who Ned kills in the show, was actually strangled and killed by Waymar Royce, "the Wight"  after he came down from hiding in a tree, according to the book... Gared, the older ranger was supposed to be the one who freaked out and deserted the nights watch and was NOT killed by a White walker.........  Also, when Gared gets his head cut off by Ned, Theon was supposed to laugh and kick the head, LOL.. However, This did NOT happen in the show.. But thats a minor detail...
The sex scene with Jaimie and Cersei was all wrong too,,, omg was it wrong! She wasn't being doggied according to the books.. Also, Bran clearly heard them speaking before he saw them.. Jaimie was supposed to hold him up with one arm, then fling him out the window..  The show decided to have them secretly having sex in some room that looked like an abandoned area of the castle, lol.. Didn't like how they brutally destroyed that scene.. Besides, Bran was supposed to hear some very secretive and vital information he's GOING TO REMEMBER soon... But the show decided to screw that up. *sigh*
That's all I feel like pointing out right now.,
As for the overall characters and look,,, Robb does look to similar to Jon in the show.. The books described him having Auburn hair and in the show its too brown...  I also didn't see Theon wearing his Kraken insignia, but that's minor.. Catelyn and Visery's are the worst looking characters I've seen, and they don't act like they're supposed to in the books... Visery's with his horribly ridiculously baaaad looking wig made me sick to watch!  His personality is all wrong as well.. He needs to be more insane, crazy, hot tempered, and deranged... If you never read the books and watched the first episode, you'd think he was a stuck up snobby noble... Hopefully, his attitude and demeanor will evolve like by next episode to how he really is supposed to be.. As for Cat, Michelle Fairley is to old and not nearly as attractive as she's described in the books.. Very disappointing.. Jennifer Ehle would have been the better choice, don't quite know why she left the series...
And last but certainly not least........  Watching Rory Mccann as The Hound literally drained the life out of my body.. Most of you probably don't recall the scene where he is seen without the helm.. Well, lets just say you wouldn't have caught it If you didn't see the missing hair on the left side of his scalp... Mccaann looks to out of shape, old, with bad hair, and uninteresting to say the least.. We all know The Hound eventually evolves into a somewhat major character... Rory Mccann just doesn't do it for me,, and that is very hard to swallow considering The Hound is my favorite character, hence my forum name. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />   However, when I first saw him with his armor and awesome Dog helm, I was very pleased.. 
Overall, I liked the pilot even though it did move a little slow and became boring after the opening scene with the whitewalkers..  Honestly, I'm happy HBO started off with that scene since I read all the books, however, they should have left that out for those who haven't read the books... Now all those people will literally spend the rest of this season expecting more awesome scenes containing the Whitewalkers and will end up being very upset to see they won't make another appearance this season LOL...
My cousin read only the first chapter of the book and decided to watch the series first... He described how boring it was and almost fell asleep trying to stay awake, lol.. I personally didn't mind the boring parts, cuz we all know half of the first book was basically the typical introduction getting to know the character process...  I'm sure other people who didn't read the books also found the last 40 minutes boring.. I just hope those people stick around cuz by episode 3, I guarantee you will be hooked..  Just be patient with all the political intrigue involved early on...
That's all I have right now...
P.S I love Arya already. She was hands down my favorite character from tonight's episode /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Maisie Williams was spot on perfect!
1201	smegma	2011-04-18	I watched it with my exhusband, and then again with my 16 year old daughter. First I warned her about all the sex and violence scenes before they happened and she was fine with it - this was probably the first thing I've ever let her see that was undeniably MATURE, but she handled it very well - we made a few jokes about boobs and stuff and it was fine. I thought it was going to be totally uncomfortable but it was just "us girls" so it was cool. I loved it. It actually exceeded my expectations, which I didn't think was possible. I thought all of the scenes did a great job of developing the story and characters. Yes it is different from the book but that's what I wanted - a tv show, not a page to tv transcript. I've read the books so many damn times that it's great to not know exactly what is coming next, even though...I know what's coming next...if that makes sense. I was fine with the change from the Dany/Drogo scene - yes I liked the way it was in the book, but I think it was still handled well, even if a slightly different take. It was actually way less brutal than the reviews had led me to believe - maybe that's saying something about my sexual tastes? lol  /spank.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':spank:' /> Anyway, I think the evolution of their relationship can still feel organic if done right - and by all accounts, everything has been done right.And the credit sequence - okay, I had heard it was great, but it was also better than I expected. I watched it like six times. My exhub, who has read through part of ACOK, really liked it a lot as well. My friends that haven't read the books were quite taken and very impressed. My daughter hasn't read the books (but my stupid exbf spoiled for her a little bit) was only a little confused about who the Targs were, but that's cause she was texting with someone when Robert says they aren't all dead. Otherwise she knew what was going on very well, and she's 16. And demanding a pet direwolf immediately. Love Jaime. LOVE LOVE LOVE Viserys. Love love Jon Snow. Love Ned. Love everyone. My daughter also said that Joffrey had "jerkface". lolAnyone know anything about the Others' language? I know it was supposed to be another language created, but what the hell, I want to know more about this! Totally looking forward to next week.
1202	smegma	2011-04-18	No freaking way!.....the dire wolves are a BIG part of the Stark family, and I am disappointed that GRRM didn't see that they could help the children of House of Stark...more than they did...he could have had a big story about them. NOT a terrible idea at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!I want a dire wolf at my side....LOLHe was quoting a line from the series "Chuck", where the main character is seen reading the book and making that comment.
1203	smegma	2011-04-18	For all those worried about what isn't being explained - they have nine more episodes to provide some exposition. Yes some stuff will get overlooked, but they can't explain EVERYTHING up front, they have to have some for subsequent episodes. Just like many tv shows, sometimes what we see isn't explained right away and it's part of the journey of the viewer to wonder wtf that all meant, what's going to happen, etc.
1204	SergioCQH	2011-04-18	Anyone know anything about the Others' language? I know it was supposed to be another language created, but what the hell, I want to know more about this! The only language that has been created is Dothraki. The speech of the Others is just supposed to sound like cracking ice.
1205	Analu	2011-04-18	Its exactly how I pictured it while reading the books!!!....the white walkers are evil...with blue eyes....and those they kill, become white walkers...with blue eyes....very evil....the purple eyes were said to be a problem from the start...but just go with it...for god's sake. the dragon eggs have to be big...after all, dragons are big when grown!..haven't you seen dragons before?....I approve...and I already want to see the next episode!!!!!.....They hit it on the nail,,, perfectly, I just don't see how they can get the whole story in an 8 epidsode series.....something will be left out../sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Easy there, Anne. I'm definitely "going with it". Like I said, I thought it was fantastic. Those were just minor nitpicks I thought I'd mention =)I was gauging the reactions of those I watched it with to see if they liked it. Seems like they did. I watched it with my wife, sisters and their husbands, and was so anxious to see what they thought of it. They said they hadn't seen me look this nervous and fidgety in years. lulz
1206	smegma	2011-04-18	The only language that has been created is Dothraki. The speech of the Others is just supposed to sound like cracking ice.I believe Ran said something about it being created as well, in addition to the Dothraki. Unless I'm mistaken....
1207	HawkZ	2011-04-18	He was quoting a line from the series "Chuck", where the main character is seen reading the book and making that comment.Though to be fair, it is a terrible idea  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That whole little "horrendous freaking judgement" moment where he pulls a Bond villain with Cersei seems a lot more in-character when you remember that this is a man who gave his 3 year old a wolf cub...  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1208	Jaxtile	2011-04-18	Ggggreat! first episode. My buds were over, half having read the book (elbowing each other 'look it's Rodrick!') other half not. My parents were pretty neutral, mates all liked it and poor girlfriend is all 'Bran's going to live, right? He's not dead right?'
/devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
1209	moonjump05	2011-04-18	My daughter also said that Joffrey had "jerkface". lolYeah, someone I was watching with thought Joff looked like Draco Malfoy from Harry Potter.  I think it works.
1210	smegma	2011-04-18	Yeah, someone I was watching with thought Joff looked like Draco Malfoy from Harry Potter.  I think it works.It's funny, cause when I pointed out to her that it was the same actor who played the little boy near Arkham in Batman Begins she was floored, cause he looked so sweet and innocent then haha.
1211	aeu	2011-04-18	I kept telling myself when it started to shut off my brain and to not mentally take note of every single discrepancy and changed line, but I did it anyways. Damn! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />While it is awesome to see something I read years ago come to life on the screen, I couldn't shrug off the feeling of something vital being missing in the translation.Lines that I felt had real emotive power in the books seemed to fall flat, in recital style in the show. "The things I do for love" seemed so weaksauce in this iteration.Also, I also kept thinking to myself, "If I didn't read the books, I would have no clue wtf is going on". I really have to wonder if the average viewer is going to pick up on any of the little asides and all the background information, or have any clue as to the set up of things. I wonder if it would have better served a new audience to have some sort of voice-over explaning things...a little history lesson of the Seven Kingdoms,  with vignettes or something, detailing the Targaryen reign, and the Rebellion and how Ned and Robert fit into it all. Think of the Lord of the Rings opening...its a very brief but awesome way of giving the uninformed audience a gist of the story and history behind the larger tale.Anyway, thats my negative view. But there were also many parts that were very cool. Dinklage and Harrington and the guy playing Benjen were very good. I'll keep watching and keep trying to repress my inner critic that is looking for missing things to get miffed about.( I was absurdly pissed Theon didn't kick the deserters severed head /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)Wow, I was going to make a long post, but Jacen just went ahead and saved me the trouble...Agree with all of the above, except for Theon's kick. I didn't mind that. I really, really liked the show, but I kept thinking "Thank God I read the books" throughout the episode.
1212	Wulfnor	2011-04-18	To begin with, I read the book about a year or two after it came out.  An have not reread it since.  So my memory is sort of fuzzy.  The one part that really seemed railroaded with a huge logic hole in it, was the one concerning the Topic Title.  First of all how did the Night Watch deserter escape the White Walker that was no more then 15 feet from him.  Second how did he get south of the Wall, which has held back the  Wildlings for 8,000 years?  An once he got south of it.  If he wanted to survive and escape capture, why would he be anywhere near Winterfell, walking out in the middle of a big grassy plain in the middle of the day?  If it would been me.  I would of stayed as far away from Winterfell as possible.  Keeping to the forest and traveling only at night.  But I suppose for the sake of expedience they had to do it the way they did.  Another thing that bothered me was that there was no sign of agriculture in the lands surrounding Winterfell.  No farmsteads or hamlets where in sight.  You would think they would be trying to harvest as much food as possible to prepare them for the coming of Winter.  An I know that Winterfell was supposable built on a hot springs.  But you would think there would be piles of firewood everywhere, also in preparation for Winter,  But besides those few things I really enjoyed it and am looking forward to upcoming episodes.
1213	Corvinus	2011-04-18	I don't know if anybody else mentioned this, because damn, there are already over 200 replies to this thread, but the Hound's armor is awesome, but I think a bit annoying to fight in, especially on horseback. I only say this because his visor, or upper jaw kept bouncing as he rode in the courtyard. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1214	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-18	Don't know how long they'll let me keep it but here it is for your enjoyment if you want to give your DVR or Tivo a rest. The opening credit sequence.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 18 April 2011 - 01:57 AM.
1215	KyleLitke	2011-04-18	Loved it. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was "The things I do for love". I guess I didn't picture it being said the way it was, almost nonchalant and whatever. 
It's a nitpick though. Can't wait for next week.
1216	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	The show went by pretty damn fast. But I understand why though since a lot of stuff happens in the first 80 pages.
1217	Dragonfish	2011-04-18	Here's something that I just noticed...
On the map in HBO viewers' guide, King's Landing is situated a little farther to the East than in the books, on the shores of Blackwater Bay. But in the opening credits, King's Landing is right where it is in the books, just at the mouth of the Blackwater Rush. So, for the mythology in the show, which one has it right, the viewers' guide or the opening credits?
1218	kn32	2011-04-18	I loved the episode. All of the Starks were great (especially Ned, Arya, Robb and Jon). The most impressive outside of the family are Jaime and Viserys, Dany was good as the meek girl she starts out as too. 
Praises aside though (I could go on about every boring little detail), I'd say my biggest disappointment thus far is that Tyrion is much less appealing as a character thus far. I didn't care for the whore house introduction, I think it made him come off much ballsier than I remember him from the books. I watched it with my girlfriend who hasn't read anything, and it turned her off to him immediately unfortunately.  I thought his best scene was the little exchange he had with Sandor.
The Dothraki wedding was a bit cheesy too, but I didn't mind it so much. It's not as if HBO could or should put together anything massive for that.
Can't wait for episode 2 /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1219	kn32	2011-04-18	Loved it. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was "The things I do for love". I guess I didn't picture it being said the way it was, almost nonchalant and whatever. It's a nitpick though. Can't wait for next week.That was an irk for me as well. It felt rushed. "The-things-I-do-for-love" *SHOVE*I wish they would have had him draw it out a bit more for dramatic effect. He is making a sacrifice for his love for Cersei, it would fit to put more into the line.
1220	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-18	I loved the episode. All of the Starks were great (especially Ned, Arya, Robb and Jon).It amazes me how underappreciated Robb seems when ppl talk about the actors on this series.  Every time I hear Madden talk about his character you just get the impression that he gets Robb completely.  It will be sad to see him die in S3.
1221	kn32	2011-04-18	in the behind the scenes clip that Deserter is speaking of Lysa may be unattractive, but fat she is not. That bothered me too as she was always described as soft and no longer having an hourglass figure. Guess casting just decided to go a different route, not sure why they felt it necessary though when everyone else appears fairly spot on.They did go a completely different route, and my initial reaction was that it works very well. She looks absolutely gaunt, and disturbed. Truly like a woman in the midst of an utter mental breakdown. That to me is the important part to convey to the audience. Fat or thin, no difference. Just unattractive and mental.
1222	The hairy bear	2011-04-18	A really great hour. Everything I expected and more. I think that the best praise is that after that much anticipation, it hasn't let us down.The acting is superb. I agree that perhaps the only one I'd complain is Illyrion, and then, he's a character that'll probably be gone by the next episode.There are some minor things, of course, but overall it's been totally exciting. And it looks very promising for future episodes, when they can stop introducing characters and showing expository scenes.Don't know how long they'll let me keep it but here it is for your enjoyment if you want to give your DVR or Tivo a rest. The opening credit sequence.Thanks. This has allowed me to notice that the rings that keep tuning on the credits show images of a stag, a wolf and a lion hunting down a dragon. Cool!
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 18 April 2011 - 02:24 AM.
1223	kn32	2011-04-18	It amazes me how underappreciated Robb seems when ppl talk about the actors on this series.  Every time I hear Madden talk about his character you just get the impression that he gets Robb completely.  It will be sad to see him die in S3.The Red Wedding is going to break my heart again, as it has many times over again /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I hadn't been spoiled with Robb's character ahead of time much going in, and I really wasn't expecting to be surprised by anything there. I ended up with such a positive feeling for the character that I think I'll enjoy the character even moreso in the books next time around with that portrayal in mind. He comes off very strong, kind, and noble. Just like papa Ned /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1224	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	Does anybody have a link to next weeks preview?
1225	Kat	2011-04-18	I don't know if anybody else mentioned this, because damn, there are already over 200 replies to this thread, but the Hound's armor is awesome, but I think a bit annoying to fight in, especially on horseback. I only say this because his visor, or upper jaw kept bouncing as he rode in the courtyard. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Overheard at the viewing party:"And the Hound's helmet? That was awesome. I totally expect that to show up in cosplay soon.""Why would they sell it at Costco?? That doesn't seem like the right market."Overall, I loved it. I am not bothered by the change in Dany's wedding night because it struck me as unrealistic that this girl who's been controlled and abused by her brother her whole life would become, basically, really curious and enthusiastic about sex on her wedding night when she's just been married off against her will to a barbarian who doesn't speak her language and who she's had no time at all to get to know. The book, for the first scene, almost sets it up like a romance novel before she becomes unhappy about subsequent marital rape in later chapters. Others have already said this, but I remember when I first read the books, that came off as the most unrealistic and I'm glad they are treating it slightly different in the show, even if it's for character development purposes and not editorial commentary on women's sexuality in a patriarchal society.Some are probably going to point to this as mishandling Dothraki culture. There's a lot that's begging to be mangled and/or accurately portrayed, which can sometimes be just as bad when it comes to cultural stuff, race, etc. However, in the greater context of the books and show, I don't think Dany's marriage is that big of an issue, considering that, as someone mentioned earlier, Westeros is just as bad. Some of the previews make me think that Cersei will describe just how bad her wedding night and subsequent sex with Robert was. It's not all that great to be a woman in Westeros, Essos, or nearly any culture I can think of in the books.Re: Sansa being a brat. Well, I've always been a Sansa defender. After all, I've been a teenager. I'm sure people who disliked her in the books will continue to dislike her. My only recommendation is that with your HBO, catch a re-run or On Demand viewing of Mildred Pierce, because the 14-year-old daughter in that makes Sansa seem positively angelic, like an ideal daughter. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 18 April 2011 - 02:10 AM.
1226	Goofyhead	2011-04-18	I loved the episode. The pacing was nice and it never felt bogged down with exposition, although the hour passed by incredibly fast. None of the changes really bothered me, but I will say that I liked the books better. Then again, a book is almost without fail better than it's film counterpart, so I didn't expect them to surpass the original telling. Either way, it's a nice complement to the books as it visually popped.
1227	Kat	2011-04-18	<mod note>For those who are new or don't post a whole lot on the internet, be aware that what you read as obvious sarcasm in your own writing does not necessarily come across that way, especially since whatever opinion you consider over-the-top obvious sarcasm is probably going to be expressed genuinely by someone else.So pepper your posts liberally with italic or bold font for emphasis, and don't be afraid to throw in emoticons. We can't read your face or your mind here and it'll help us get to know your personality, which I'm sure is just a font of bubbles, kittens, and unicorns. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> After all, nothing kills the fun mood of some nice sarcasm with later having to say THAT'S THE JOKE.</mod>
					
					
							Edited by Kat, 18 April 2011 - 02:14 AM.
1228	Corvinus	2011-04-18	Thanks. This has allowed to notice that the rings that keep tuning on the credits show images of a stag, a wolf and a lion hunting down a dragon. Cool!Actually it's a display of Robert's rebellion. First you have a dragon, all mighty and terrorizing the realm. Then you see said dragon attacked by a lion, a stag, and a wolf. And they you see a bunch of beasts bowing to the stag.
1229	NickShades	2011-04-18	After three rereads of the series, I was absolutely satisfied with the very first episode of something I never thought would see "the light of day." 
Things I enjoyed:
1) Recognizing every character before they were even introduced. 
2) Enjoying the landscape, thoroughly.
3) That was really a fantastic introduction.
4) The direwolves are adorable.
5) Tyrion.
Things I was uncomfortable with, and why.
1) Dany might be portrayed by an adult, but I was very uncomfortable to see her naked. She is still a child in my mind.
2) Not enough Direwolves. I hope there are plenty more scenes with them.
3) Cersei could be a little more shrewd. 
4) I would really liked to have seen Tyrion make that tumbling intro to Jon as I seem to recall.
5) Having to wait an entire week.
1230	kn32	2011-04-18	When Waymer Royce fights the "Whitewalkers" AKA the Others, he was supposed to duel one of them for a short while as a few Whitewalkers stood and watched... In the opening scene, he gets decapitated almost immediately.. THAT WAS LAME AND STUPID!! Definitely the most disappointing scene for me...  Also, while were still on the opening scene, HBO got it all wrong and reversed... Will, "the younger looking guy who Ned kills in the show, was actually strangled and killed by Waymar Royce, "the Wight"  after he came down from hiding in a tree, according to the book... Gared, the older ranger was supposed to be the one who freaked out and deserted the nights watch and was NOT killed by a White walker.........  Also, when Gared gets his head cut off by Ned, Theon was supposed to laugh and kick the head, LOL.. However, This did NOT happen in the show.. But thats a minor detail...As for the overall characters and look,,, Robb does look to similar to Jon in the show.. The books described him having Auburn hair and in the show its too brown...  I also didn't see Theon wearing his Kraken insignia, but that's minor.. Catelyn and Visery's are the worst looking characters I've seen, and they don't act like they're supposed to in the books... Visery's with his horribly ridiculously baaaad looking wig made me sick to watch!  His personality is all wrong as well.. He needs to be more insane, crazy, hot tempered, and deranged... If you never read the books and watched the first episode, you'd think he was a stuck up snobby noble... Hopefully, his attitude and demeanor will evolve like by next episode to how he really is supposed to be.. As for Cat, Michelle Fairley is to old and not nearly as attractive as she's described in the books.. Very disappointing.. Jennifer Ehle would have been the better choice, don't quite know why she left the series...I could not disagree more about Viserys. I thought it was absolutely perfect. He's not a raving lunatic, he's pathetic young man that thinks far too much of himself and is in way over his head. I had major concerns about him going into the show, and he easily won me over. How he calmly disregards his sister's feelings and brutally puts her in place. Also how he attempts to puff up his chest around Illyrio about Drogo, and is oblivious to the fact that he's embarrassing himself.As for Royce. I could understand why they cut it short there. I could see HBO wanting the Others to be a complete mystery to the viewer to start the show, and it also saves precious time. To have the Royce duel, the walker would almost certainly need to be on full display.
1231	kn32	2011-04-18	Things I was uncomfortable with, and why.1) Dany might be portrayed by an adult, but I was very uncomfortable to see her naked. She is still a child in my mind.2) Not enough Direwolves. I hope there are plenty more scenes with them.3) Cersei could be a little more shrewd. 4) I would really liked to have seen Tyrion make that tumbling intro to Jon as I seem to recall.5) Having to wait an entire week.1. I thought it was enough that Viserys undressed her and made sure to stamp on a good deal of pressure. The following scene which lingered on her breasts a good deal was a bit much. *cough*although being a man, I managed to suffer through it.*cough*2. I missed them too. Even if theyre not put on display, I would've loved to catch a peek of them scampering about in the periphery.3. They absolutely need to make sure to highlight Cersei's inner bitch at some point. You could see some of it, but I'd prefer to be bludgeoned in the face with it repeatedly before the season is over.4. I'd have an aching throat and sore sides if they did /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />5. We've gotta be strong for eachother to make it through the long weeks! Although GRRM has conditioned us quite well for such things /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1232	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-18	4) I would really liked to have seen Tyrion make that tumbling intro to Jon as I seem to recall.I always thought that both this and Jon drunkenly declaring that he would never father a bastard would both be too awkward for the screen.
1233	Kat	2011-04-18	As for Royce. I could understand why they cut it short there. I could see HBO wanting the Others to be a complete mystery to the viewer to start the show, and it also saves precious time. To have the Royce duel, the walker would almost certainly need to be on full display.Also keep in mind that the budget for this show is already quite large, and they probably didn't want to blow a lot of money on CGI for something that is only seen in the prologue and doesn't appear for the rest of the season. Keeping it vague gives the CGI department a much longer time to work out the details.I'm not a big fan of the current appearance of the Others, but by the time we next see one, they'll have had more time and more fan feedback. I think less is more with TV productions, or else you end up with something totally cheesy like the polar bears on LOST.
1234	LadyLoo	2011-04-18	Just got back from watching Game of Thrones, finished my philosophy paper that's due tomorrow, and thought I'd hop on here for a bit of discussion! Like a few others on here, I was a bit bugged by the Dany/Drogo consummation, it was much less... tender (?) than in the novel. Viserys might be my favorite character at the moment, he's just such an asshole that my friends and I couldn't help but be giddy when he came on screen. 
We had a friend with us who hasn't read the series yet, so he was quite confused by all of the goings-on of the show. We told him not to worry too much, it's the same way in the books (I debated writing names down when I first started reading them) and that we should get more exposition later on in the show. He would go on to help us make our very own Game of Thrones drinking game! 
Drinking game rules: someone dismisses the White Walkers-drink, someone is beheaded-drink, dwarf onscreen-drink, boobage-drink, implied or overt incest-drink twice.
Next week we hope we'll be able to make it to work/school on Monday.
1235	Phantom	2011-04-18	Incredible. I loved it.  Only two things that bugged me come to mind:
- The Hound didn't really do it for me.
- Transition between scenes seemed a little off.
But holy shit, Tyrion and Arya were fantastic! They stood out to me the most.
1236	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-04-18	I saw the face in the tree right away, and thought it was pretty awesome.  
I think from someone who didn't read the books, Theon was pretty confusing.  He seems to be a major character and is in several scenes, but is never referred to.  I knew exactly who he was, but I can't imagine why they couldn't have had a single line of dialogue naming him somehow.  
I also think Ep 1 should've been 2 hours or at least 90 minutes, hehe.  
And re: Dany/Drogo, wasn't there a convention appearance where GRRM stated that he had second thoughts about that scene?  I thought I remembered him specifically making a crack that he made Drogo into a character that Fabio might pose for on the cover of a grocery store paperback romance and he wished he could make it a bit more harsh.
1237	kn32	2011-04-18	I'm not a big fan of the current appearance of the Others, but by the time we next see one, they'll have had more time and more fan feedback. I think less is more with TV productions, or else you end up with something totally cheesy like the polar bears on LOST.Judging by the dark shape that we've been exposed to, they're far too different to be accepted as is for me. I really would not have minded if all we got was a split-second's shot of one disappearing behind some trees, but show us that there are indeed supernatural trees. Distinguish them from the wights. What I would've preferred is what Peter Jackson did for Gollum in Fellowship. All we saw was a shadowy form with big eyes in Moria. I wouldn't expect HBO to shell out the bucks for to produce something of Gollum's quality. My main beef is simply that the Others looks like they could just be muddy men that like to hang our with zombies at this point. Give us the chalk white skin, that would be far more menacing and fantastic. I wouldn't be bothered with the absence of the crystal armor/sword.
1238	The hairy bear	2011-04-18	If anyone hasn't seem them, HBO has in his webpage a preview of episode 2 and the producers comments on episode 1.
1239	Child_of_the_Forest	2011-04-18	I absolutely LOVED it. I watched it four times (Gotta love east coast AND west coast HBO)  My hubby and I got his parents watching it. Heck his mom watched it with us twice. My favorite parts as far as his parents watching was when Viserys touches Dany and hubby's mom whispers "That's his sister right?"  LOL I had to explain that if things would have been different they would have been married.
But the best was at the end when she asked if Bran dies.... I just told her I guess you'll have to wait and see /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
The part with Dany and Drogo on their wedding night seemed "real" to me. She's a virgin, young, VERY naive AND this is an arranged marriage. Plus just the traditional position for Dothraki sex... yeah that would be scary.
I LOVED Arya she's way too cute. Since she's one of my favs so looking forward to her more. I just wonder how they are going to fit everything into just 10 eps and still do it justice. 
I have no complaints about the casting at all. Some of the CGI was a bit meh.. but not enough to ruin the show. I hope it continues to be tru to the books.. Unlike True Blood *grumble grumble*
Oh had to edit in... next week's preview...  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> This show is just really amazing.
					
					
							Edited by Child_of_the_Forest, 18 April 2011 - 02:51 AM.
1240	Tb0ne	2011-04-18	Congratulations are in order for the production team and George!
I have to go to bed so I can't write the positive part of this review as it would be much much longer. That being said a number of the concerns I had after watching the trailer and 15 minute preview have been alleviated. I was afraid they would cut too much out, sometimes replacing scenes from the books with inferior ones written by the TV show staff. While I don't think all of the new scenes worked perfectly for the most part they fit with what was there in the books already. The review by Ran and Linda had me somewhat afraid it wouldn't feel like ASoIaF anymore and I'm glad to say I didn't feel that way, far from it in fact. 
Also, I thought they transitioned to the scenes in Pentos quite well and Dinklage's accents was better than it was in most of the trailers they released.
As for the negatives..
Dothraki - I was pretty disappointed with the Dothraki, measured against the appealing and logical designs of much of the Westeros costumes I've seen so far it falls significantly short. In terms of design quality it's like comparing Lord of the Rings with Xena. In terms of the race (yes) I still would have preferred that they looked Asian, Native American, or at least included Asians, Brown/Blond/Red haired Caucasians, and Native Americans as part of their cast of mediterranean-dark skinned and black haired people. The way that HBO is presenting the Dothraki I'm imagining them as a people who have conquered many different cultures, sometimes absorbing those people into their Khalasars. I wonder if it would have worked better if they had taken the idea further by including a wider range of costume designs reflecting the different cultures they have conquered. 
Opening Credits - Great idea but the technological approach caught me off guard. I would have used the Painted Table on Dragonstone. If episode 1 is any indication I'm guessing they're going to have to make it anyways /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Others - No. Thankfully they have time to correct their mistake and hire me to design something better. I volunteer for the job of designing the Giants as well (I'm sort of kidding).
"The things i do for love" - Needed more time to breath, I would have preferred how it was described in the books.
1241	kn32	2011-04-18	I LOVED Arya she's way too cute. Since she's one of my favs so looking forward to her more. I just wonder how they are going to fit everything into just 10 eps and still do it justice. Arya scamping about in a soldier's helm was priceless to me /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> It's so easy to imagine loving every scene she's in with that adorable little girl portraying her so well.
1242	Left Hand of the King	2011-04-18	Unbelievably great.
I thought it was a fine introduction for Tyrion, because as the previews foreshadow they'll go much deeper into the real Dwarf and those who haven't read the books will be very pleasantly surprised. Until then, a whoring dwarf is an intriguing concept on it's own. 
Jamie will probably be a fan favorite throughout the show. I hope there will be more Jamie/Tyrion, that was great.
The next episode is called the Kings Road, so Cersi will be hated from that point on. The first part of the episode will need to set up there love for the wolves.
One problem, Theon was supposed to say the sixth pub would be the first to die, so Jon could correct him and claim the wolf for his own. And the head was supposed to roll, Theon laugh and put his foot on it, and Jon call him an ass. Both quick things that would help establish character. 
Overall, everything else showed that those doing the rewrites at least know the characters and the books well.
Looking forward to the rest of the season and can't wait for the next book!!!
1243	TheHalfman	2011-04-18	Same.And the Hound doesn't do it for me.  Other than that, awesome.How so?  Just look-wise?  He was barely even in the episode, I think it is a tad early to judge that.I'm satisfied with it all.  You won't see me raving about the opening credits like everyone else did, they were nice.  As others had said the music is not bad but it certainly isn't great.
1244	Horus Ex Machina	2011-04-18	Arya scamping about in a soldier's helm was priceless to me /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> It's so easy to imagine loving every scene she's in with that adorable little girl portraying her so well.She is adorable as hell.  And is it just me, or did anyone else love how naturally she "bullies" Bran when they're standing to meet the king; her defiant manner of telling her name to Robert; or how she repeatedly demands to see the Imp even when Cersei is standing right there.  Maissie had her petulant delivery perfect on each of those instances and still managed to look cute and innocent while doing it.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 18 April 2011 - 03:41 AM.
1245	CloudFlare	2011-04-18	Misc. Thoughts:1) From a tactical perspective, the hound's helm doesn't work for me. How can he see out of the thing?2) At Illyrio's, you can see how nervous the magisters are. Nice touch.3) I liked the Dothraki wedding. The previews made it look a little to "freak dancing", but it worked in the show. Drogo comes off as a bit of meat head, which is true to how I interpreted the books.4) I didn't get the sexual tension between Dany and of Viserys in the books, the show made me think about that.5) I liked how the heart trees were visible from outside Winterfell.6) I liked the difference in appearances/ages between Cat and Cersei. When they were on the dais, it highlighted the difference between their personalities. Cat went to the North, and being a hard place, it's taken it's toll on her, but she has still done well.
1246	JengaMaster	2011-04-18	You're joking, right? How could she ever develop trust, let alone a romantic relationship, with Drogo after that?Throughout history there have been literally millions of arranged marriages.  I am fairly certain many resulted in intercourse the first night, where one or both members is exceedingly reluctant to participate.  I believe in many cases the husband and wife ended up finding love and trust.  I do not think it is inconceivable that Dany and Drogo could develop a loving relationship.
1247	kn32	2011-04-18	Throughout history there have been literally millions of arranged marriages.  I am fairly certain many resulted in intercourse the first night, where one or both members is exceedingly reluctant to participate.  I believe in many cases the husband and wife ended up finding love and trust.  I do not think it is inconceivable that Dany and Drogo could develop a loving relationship.I'll admit that my recollection of how their relationship progresses in the book isn't fresh in my mind. That said, I could easily see how she grows to appreciate and love Drogo.She has been terrorized by Viserys for her entire life. The position and respect that she gains from Drogo will free her of that. He lets her out of the cage that Viserys kept her locked in and gives her the freedom she requires to grow into the woman we now see her becoming. That alone would seem like the most precious of gifts and go an extraordinary way towards warming her to Drogo. The consummation of the marriage was rough, but it wasn't brutal, especially not for the world that they live in. No doubt it was traumatic for her, and I can't imagine it being any other way when a barbarian king first takes this virgin veal of a girl. If Dany were as weak as Viserys, she would probably try to kill him in his sleep over it, but she's made of tougher stuff and will understand and overcome. It won't take a stretch of the imagination to see it happen for me either.
1248	CloudFlare	2011-04-18	But the shirtless scene w/ the 3 boys?  That just seemed so hokey and obviously contrived.Going by the number of interviews/featurettes I've seen him in, Kit Harrington(?) seems to be getting pimped as the teen heartthrob of the series.
1249	Kat	2011-04-18	I kind of liked the scene with Jon, Robb & Theon getting shaved. It's the last chance we'll really have to see them together and how they've sort of been interacting for years before getting broken apart, and obviously their relationship of being brotherly will be, to put it mildly, strained given their different relationships to House Stark.
1250	Goofyhead	2011-04-18	If you look at Drogo during that love scene, he really is being careful not to hurt Dany. Even though her reaction has changed, his character isn't all that different from the books, and I appreciate that... Still, painful to watch.
1251	CloudFlare	2011-04-18	I kind of liked the scene with Jon, Robb & Theon getting shaved. It's the last chance we'll really have to see them together and how they've sort of been interacting for years before getting broken apart, and obviously their relationship of being brotherly will be, to put it mildly, strained given their different relationships to House Stark.Yeah, but it was never the 3 Musketeers. Jon&Robb were buddies, as were Theon&Robb, but from what we have in the books, Theon and Jon didn't get along. We're going to have these "breakup" scenes in a couple of other places. I kind of wish they has spent the screen time somewhere else. Oh well, not that important in the grand scheme o' things.
1252	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	one thing i thought was cool was how they hinted at things to come, maybe not directly but in a way that readers would catch. In the book i don't think Bran climbs until the chapter of his fall, in the show he's climbing like halfway through. and Dany not noticing that the water was hot was hinting at her being unhurt by fire.
					
					
							Edited by REID1990, 18 April 2011 - 04:14 AM.
1253	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	Not bad, but the book was better. 
Some stuff they just pulled off perfectly - Viserys (I thought he would be too hokey to film, actually), Arya, Tyrion (except the hookers. Too much, too silly, and besides, Tyrions very much a one hooker kind of guy) Benjen, surprisingly. I didn't mind the space they gave the Starks as a family. Drogo/Dany didn't work for me at all. The scene seemed cruel, whereas, without whitewashing the original, there was more nuance there and more choice by Dany (In particular that she is committed to regaining the throne for the Targaryens, here it seems like its completely Viserys project and Dany wan't nothing to do with it.) 
I don't really get the credits. They're very pretty, but i'm not sure what they're trying to get at with the - rather un-medieval - gears. Cashing in on the steampunk craze?
1254	Areo	2011-04-18	I had a few nit-picky points. Dany's eyes, Illyrio should have been fatter, i couldn't see any scarring on the hounds face, Ned was carrying a sword other than Ice when they found the pups but all in all i was very impressed. If i had to guess i would say they chose doggy style for Jamie and Cerseis sex scene so they could hide cerseis face and use a body double for Lena Headey.Well, Dany's eyes have been discussed in length and there was simply no way around that. Ice is not meant to be carried like that, it's too heavy, Theon gives it to Ned just for the execution. On the previews we see Sandor's face better and it looked great to me.
1255	kn32	2011-04-18	I kind of liked the scene with Jon, Robb & Theon getting shaved. It's the last chance we'll really have to see them together and how they've sort of been interacting for years before getting broken apart, and obviously their relationship of being brotherly will be, to put it mildly, strained given their different relationships to House Stark.Excellent point. It will also provide some weight to the eventual farewells between Jon and Robb, and any longings Jon may show to ride to war with Robb down the line. It does well to establish the brotherly bond they have which otherwise would not have been explored in this episode.
1256	CloudFlare	2011-04-18	From the small bits we've seen so far(no pun intended) Tyrion is being played as much more of a dissipated lush, a la King Robert, than he was in the books. Maybe this is being done to highlight his metamorphosis into role he assumes in K.L.?
1257	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	Dany's eye's probably would have looked goofy if they would have went with purple. It's no big deal anyway. Ice is a pretty big sword, it would be pretty hard to move around in battle or when needing to use for anything except executions.
1258	Greylander	2011-04-18	Great show.  Great start.
...but where were the dire wolves?  Other than Bran, we see no bonding whatever with the other Stark children...  a few simple changes would have allowed the wolf pups to have the needed impact, and let the viewer see their developing importance:
1)  Ghost should have been present in the scene between Tryion & Jon -- jumps playfully on Tyrion, who reacts poorly, resulting in a growl... Jon:  "Ghost!", Ghost heels.  Takes only a few moments.
2)  Instead of a food fight, Arya should have been scolded for feeding Nymeria scraps under the table ("Why is she here?  You were told no wolf pups in the banquet!" or somethinh like that)  As Rob drags/carries her off, Arya calls "Nymeria!" and Nymeria follows them out.
3) Lady should have been a notable presence, sitting politely while Sansa begged "please let me marry the prince!"
Summer & Shaggy Dog could wait til episode 2.
1259	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	I think it was becuase the dogs were hard to train.
1260	kn32	2011-04-18	Some stuff they just pulled off perfectly - Viserys (I thought he would be too hokey to film, actually), Arya, Tyrion (except the hookers. Too much, too silly, and besides, Tyrions very much a one hooker kind of guy)I'm glad I'm not alone in disliking the Tyrion/Hooker scene. I thought it was an absolutely horrible introduction. If I hadn't read the books, my first impression of him would be that he's a drunk & spoiled frat boy. It's possible that I'm not remembering right, but when he is first with Shae, he is very aware of his poor appearance and makes his insecurity known in some fashion. That did well to make him a sympathetic character in that area despite the rampant whoring. However, I'm expecting the HBO Tyrion to march Shae right into his tent with cocksure attitude and cheesy line, "Chug-chug-chug, ALL ABOARD THE T-TRAIN, BABY!"
1261	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	I'm glad I'm not alone in disliking the Tyrion/Hooker scene. I thought it was an absolutely horrible introduction. If I hadn't read the books, my first impression of him would be that he's a drunk & spoiled frat boy. It's possible that I'm not remembering right, but when he is first with Shae, he is very aware of his poor appearance and makes his insecurity known in some fashion. That did well to make him a sympathetic character in that area despite the rampant whoring. However, I'm expecting the HBO Tyrion to march Shae right into his tent with cocksure attitude and cheesy line, "Chug-chug-chug, ALL ABOARD THE T-TRAIN, BABY!"Even though that'd be out of place, i'd be so funny to hear him say that.
1262	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	I'm glad I'm not alone in disliking the Tyrion/Hooker scene. I thought it was an absolutely horrible introduction. If I hadn't read the books, my first impression of him would be that he's a drunk & spoiled frat boy. It's possible that I'm not remembering right, but when he is first with Shae, he is very aware of his poor appearance and makes his insecurity known in some fashion. That did well to make him a sympathetic character in that area despite the rampant whoring. However, I'm expecting the HBO Tyrion to march Shae right into his tent with cocksure attitude and cheesy line, "Chug-chug-chug, ALL ABOARD THE T-TRAIN, BABY!"Yeah - the first impression of Tyrion is that he talks a lot, but its not clear what he actually does. And having your brother pile four hookers on you is too cheesy to live anywhere, with and without regard to the books.
1263	kn32	2011-04-18	Yeah - the first impression of Tyrion is that he talks a lot, but its not clear what he actually does. And having your brother pile four hookers on you is too cheesy to live anywhere, with and without regard to the books.Another note, I can't imagine Tyrion responding well to Jaime involving himself in his hookers at all after Tysha. Although that would be digging a bit deep.
1264	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-04-18	Another note, I can't imagine Tyrion responding well to Jaime involving himself in his hookers at all after Tysha. Although that would be digging a bit deep.True, but that's something they'll get into later on. That was just a introductory scene  and nothing more.
1265	john	2011-04-18	I didn't particularly like the credit sequence either.  The music was pretty boring and the graphics were somewhat interesting but not very exciting.
Other than that it was all right.  Some of the banter was quite good, some of it was ill judged imo (Tyrion's stuff, most of arya's larking about).  Cersei's portrayal was possibly better than the book, where i just thought she was a shrill harpy during the opening sequence.
At this point I'd say it's as good as True Blood (which i do like) but not as good as the better, more well known HBO series.
1266	Greywolf2375	2011-04-18	I don't really get the credits. They're very pretty, but i'm not sure what they're trying to get at with the - rather un-medieval - gears. Cashing in on the steampunk craze?I took it as representing all the different pieces that make the game go round - instead of having jigsaw puzzle pieces they used machinery; "look at everything that has to be in line to make the machine go".Otherwise, I got nothing on it.  What will be interesting is if as the series progresses they make changes in that opending sequence based on who is in power, who still lives, etc.
1267	Ran	2011-04-18	Yes, I think the gears were all about the wheels-within-wheels... and because it was a cool visual element. I adored the sweep of it, and the focus on the map, and just how stylish it was. Plus the theme music suited it perfectly. It, and the music at the end of episode 2, are my favorite pieces from the score I've heard so far.
1268	Tempra	2011-04-18	How so?  Just look-wise?  He was barely even in the episode, I think it is a tad early to judge that.I'm satisfied with it all.  You won't see me raving about the opening credits like everyone else did, they were nice.  As others had said the music is not bad but it certainly isn't great.Yes, looks wise. I can get over the appearance if he plays the part appropriately, but I felt he should have been 1) more scarred, and 2) muscular.
1269	Axon	2011-04-18	FFS, the Drogo raping Dany vs. the tenderness to willingness shown in the books makes total sense for the series on screen because it provides for a deeper character arc for both Dany and Drogo.  It's pretty fucking simple.Hm.  While I get your point, for me, I'm not sure it improved anything or will improve anything (assuming their relationship stays within the outline of the book). I liked that scene in GoT - it showed both characters softening to each other, showed a little more humanity in Drogo.  I also missed Dany's "tell Khal Drogo he has given me the wind" line, with the Dothraki whooping behind her.Viserys was also far more likable here than in the novels, where he is a full-throttle douche from the opening sentences.
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 18 April 2011 - 06:09 AM.
1270	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	What I didn't like:Drogo's wedding.  Not the scene after, but the wedding itself.  I thought it looked weirdly low-budget compared to everything else in the show.  He's supposed to be this great lord with 40,000 warriors, but his wedding looked like it had all of 50 people at it.  Also, I thought the Dothraki sex-and-fighting looked pretty silly.  I know it's basically described that way in the book, but I thought it looked cheesy.  Perhaps the costumes had something to do with that.  Also, I thought the dragon eggs looked like giant plastic pine cones.I think orgies always read better than they look. Or rather on screen orgies should be somewhat understated compared to how they are described in a book, in order to not look exactly what they are: cheesy in the extreme. Especially ones juxtaposing sex and violence all under one roof.
1271	kn32	2011-04-18	Yes, looks wise. I can get over the appearance if he plays the part appropriately, but I felt he should have been 1) more scarred, and 2) muscular.Sandor has always easily been one of my top 5 favorites. I wasn't disappointed. It was good to have him featured at all this early. As for his appearance. He looks damaged, fearsome, and wholly unrefined. Those are the characteristics I'd value most for his appearance. It would have been nice to see more scarring, but this is better than going to a Toxic Avenger extreme. I don't mind that he's not clearly a muscle-bound brute, I just want them to showcase him as an exceptional fighter with an uncouth personality.
1272	PestilencE	2011-04-18	Tyrion was mispresented.
Drogo/Dany was not done well.
Prologue could've been better.
Disliked the general absence of direwolves.
---
Loved the Stark kids.
Loved Viserys.
Loved Robert.
Loved Catelyn.
Loved the title sequence.
Loved the music.
					
					
							Edited by PestilencE, 18 April 2011 - 06:24 AM.
1273	elmis	2011-04-18	I haven't seen the episode yet, but I see that a lot of people didn't like the scene where Drogo beds Dany. I don't remember how the wedding night is written, but the nights after the wedding Dany is basically "raped", without Drogo seeming to care much (she's sore after riding and cries and whatnot). It's only when she mounts him under the stars that a true relationship starts to form between them.. or?
1274	Vargos	2011-04-18	Somehow the first episode misses a 'wow'-effect. Dunno. Not disappointed but not crazy about it either.
1275	Balefont	2011-04-18	sarcasm doesn't come across on the interwebs, does it?No.  That's what these are for. /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Also, not for a first time poster.  We don't know you or your sense of humor enough yet to "get you".
1276	Athelstane	2011-04-18	Loooooved it!!! So much positive things to say, but the few negative things are more emblazoned in my mind, so let me get them out there.I totally agree with the others who said that the barbershop scene was unnecessary.  The show would have been much better with some more screen time for the wolves or the boys training in the yard or something.  I know that a book-to-tv show transition is never perfect, but to add a scene like that is totally unnecessary.I was really disappointed with the "direwolves".  I guess I have a hard time suspending my sense of reality, because they are so obviously dogs.  I know that using real wolves would be near impossible (and using cgi would be crazy expensive), so I guess using dogs was the lesser of the evils in that regard.  Regardless, I hope they still feature in their key scenes throughout the series.I thought the Dothraki marriage scene was butchered.  Like someone else said, compared to the rest of the episode, it seems totally half-assed.  Reminds me of some pulp fiction hackery.I was disappointed by Viserys.  He does come off as a bit crazy, but the two scenes in the book that really sell it are when he twists Dany's nipple and when he digs his fingers into her arm (both times talking about "waking the dragon").  I figured these would be key in showing how cold and heartless he is towards his sister.I thought the consummation scene was good, though.  Like others have said, it wasnt so much "rape" as it was "duty".  Dany knew she had to do that in order to play her part.Finally, someone else mentioned how unrealistic is was for Arya to nail that bullseye. Agreed.  Maybe make her just hit the target, unlike poor Bran  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
1277	Balefont	2011-04-18	I've been thinking, for the non-book fan viewership, HBO might be smart to put up the first three episodes on Demand right away.  Given the break-neck speed of the first episode on the whole "newness" of the world, cultures, character types, etc. that perhaps being able to view the first three episode back to back would help those get a better "feel' for everything and help ease confusion.
1278	Zezibesh	2011-04-18	Tyrion wasn't shown to be very clever, but there's still lots of potential for that.
Dany was pretty much raped, but the D&D relationship still has time to develop.
I felt like the amount of nudity was a bit forced, half of the scenes had exposed nipples. But it's HBO after all, maybe I'm too used to non-network television.
Main gripe: the final scene. "The things I do for love" was delivered just wrong. Jaime didn't even look at Bran.
Casting was pretty much spot-on though.
EDIT: Oh, and while the direwolves were cute they don't look like wolves at all. I reserve my judgment for Ghost, but the others looked like Huskies or something (I think they were northern Inuit dogs). Should have used Tamaskans.
					
					
							Edited by Zezibesh, 18 April 2011 - 07:01 AM.
1279	Balefont	2011-04-18	Hm.  While I get your point, for me, I'm not sure it improved anything or will improve anything (assuming their relationship stays within the outline of the book). I liked that scene in GoT - it showed both characters softening to each other, showed a little more humanity in Drogo.  I also missed Dany's "tell Khal Drogo he has given me the wind" line, with the Dothraki whooping behind her.Viserys was also far more likable here than in the novels, where he is a full-throttle douche from the opening sentences.As much as I liked it and was pleasantly surprised reading the scene in the book, I also understand how confusing it would be to see these characters be all happy and passionate and then subsequently we see Dany crying with her face in a pillow for many of the times they mate after that.
1280	Lady Nerevar	2011-04-18	I thought the "things I do for love" was done spectacularly :shrug: Not too overplayed, and showed the sort of casual dismissal and self importance which characterizes Jaime at first. At least it fit what I had originally imagined it as (other than the general changes in where people were positioned and stuff). 
I'm a bit iffy on the Dany and Drogo thing as well. I've always been a huge fan of how it plays out in the books (with her eventually saying yes), but I can see why they decided to play up the forced marriage aspect in the beginning. Hopefully her arc will be stronger for it. Still, can't say that big stone cliff is a very good place to get it on. 
Over all, I loved it. I wasn't expecting it to be 100% the same as the book, but I think it follows it quite well while at the same time making its own thing. Going to watch it later with my brother to get a non-reader perspective.
1281	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Hello all. I've been lurking here for over a year. I've wanted to start posting but could never really find the time to get into it as deeply as I would like to. But now the show is here, and though it is very different from the books, it was AWESOME!!! I think they showed that they will be able to capture the essence of Ice and Fire's political intrigue very well. And it looks like their obvious focus on it is going to give the show a very interesting feel. I liked it all pretty much, but I thought Viserys seemed cheesy.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 07:10 AM.
1282	Tempra	2011-04-18	Sandor has always easily been one of my top 5 favorites. I wasn't disappointed. It was good to have him featured at all this early. As for his appearance. He looks damaged, fearsome, and wholly unrefined. Those are the characteristics I'd value most for his appearance. It would have been nice to see more scarring, but this is better than going to a Toxic Avenger extreme. I don't mind that he's not clearly a muscle-bound brute, I just want them to showcase him as an exceptional fighter with an uncouth personality.He is supposed to be fearsome, but, as it stands, he is just ugly and "unrefined.". I understand it must be difficult to find a physically intimidating actor with the the necessary acting chops to pull off Sandor, but he should be easily recognizable based on his size.  He is, if I recall, the second largest man in Westeros.  I fear once we see Sandor's temper, he will not be fearsome, but an angry knight of average size.  Not so fearsome...
1283	Gytha Ogg	2011-04-18	As much as I liked it and was pleasantly surprised reading the scene in the book, I also understand how confusing it would be to see these characters be all happy and passionate and then subsequently we see Dany crying with her face in a pillow for many of the times they mate after that.Exactly. For a new viewer it wouldn't make much sense for her to be so obviously scared of Drogo, then deciding she did want to have sex with him after he suddenly turns all tender for some reason, and THEN going back to sobbing in her pillow and being scared of him coming to the tent. I think it's an effective change that makes sense.
					
					
							Edited by Gytha Ogg, 18 April 2011 - 07:13 AM.
1284	Ran	2011-04-18	Sandor's not the second largest guy in Westeros. He's not even 7' tall. Hodor's taller, the Greatjon and Smalljon probably are, and who knows how many others. He's a big guy, certainly... but so is Rory McCann, who is taller than all the other actors on the show except for Conan Stevens (Gregor) and Kristian Nairn (Hodor).
1285	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I've been thinking, for the non-book fan viewership, HBO might be smart to put up the first three episodes on Demand right away.  Given the break-neck speed of the first episode on the whole "newness" of the world, cultures, character types, etc. that perhaps being able to view the first three episode back to back would help those get a better "feel' for everything and help ease confusion.I agree. I have a friend, who hasn't read the books, that kept asking me, "what is going to happen?", last night. There are so many different storylines going on, it would be a really good idea. Besides it doesn't matter for HBO. They've already got their money. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 07:18 AM.
1286	BigFatCoward	2011-04-18	He is supposed to be fearsome, but, as it stands, he is just ugly and "unrefined.". I understand it must be difficult to find a physically intimidating actor with the the necessary acting chops to pull off Sandor, but he should be easily recognizable based on his size.  He is, if I recall, the second largest man in Westeros.  I fear once we see Sandor's temper, he will not be fearsome, but an angry knight of average size.  Not so fearsome...IMDB has Rory Mcgann at 6'6".  camera tricks can do the rest.I've been thinking, for the non-book fan viewership, HBO might be smart to put up the first three episodes on Demand right away. screw the new people, what about us?Any body know how long HBO usually wait before releasing viewing figures?
					
					
							Edited by bigfatcoward, 18 April 2011 - 07:36 AM.
1287	Bubba	2011-04-18	I actually LIKED Drogo and Dany. It was the rest of the Dothraki I didn't care for really. Seemed too middle eastern, and it lacked horses at the feast. 
I liked how they portrayed Robb. He was always smiling and laughing and looked well liked. Setting him up for becoming a Lord it seems, more so than the books did. 
Does HBO have a no penis policy? The Dothraki looked silly with their dry humping.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1288	Tempra	2011-04-18	Sandor's not the second largest guy in Westeros. He's not even 7' tall. Hodor's taller, the Greatjon and Smalljon probably are, and who knows how many others. He's a big guy, certainly... but so is Rory McCann, who is taller than all the other actors on the show except for Conan Stevens (Gregor) and Kristian Nairn (Hodor).Can't believe I forgot about Hodor.  I don't recall Greatjon and Smalljon being described in quite the same way, but fair point.
1289	Tempra	2011-04-18	I actually LIKED Drogo and Dany. It was the rest of the Dothraki I didn't care for really. Seemed too middle eastern, and it lacked horses at the feast. I liked how they portrayed Robb. He was always smiling and laughing and looked well liked. Setting him up for becoming a Lord it seems, more so than the books did. Does HBO have a no penis policy? The Dothraki looked silly with their dry humping.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />HBO does not have a no penis policy.  Oz and six feet under, to name a few, showed plenty of penis (from my perspective at least).
1290	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	I've been thinking, for the non-book fan viewership, HBO might be smart to put up the first three episodes on Demand right away.  Given the break-neck speed of the first episode on the whole "newness" of the world, cultures, character types, etc. that perhaps being able to view the first three episode back to back would help those get a better "feel' for everything and help ease confusion.Well I just saw Episode one (in quite good quality too), and let's just say I'm somewhere where there's no such thing as HBO, or the possibility of subscribing to HBO. And I'm not in the UK either. Sooooo if someone wants to watch the show multiple times, and they didn't think to DVR it themselves it's no hard thing to find a way to do it.Don't worry, I WILL be buying the Blu-ray of every season they make, so HBO will be getting its pound of flesh out of me.I really don't have a problem with Dany/Drogo at all. In fact it would have seemed completely out of the blue and inconsistent with Dany's whole attitude for the entire show if she had shown the slightest willingness. It's about as close to consensual as a forced marriage can possibly get. I think it will pay off very well later in the season, as long as they wrote the rest of their relationship right.
1291	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Also Catelyn should have been naked when Master Luwin delivered Lysa's letter. I personally think the nudity and sex are important, as they add to the world and makes it feel more real, dangerous, gritty, and different. Which it is. So more, more!!! Hodor, hodor!!!
1292	Axon	2011-04-18	Exactly. For a new viewer it wouldn't make much sense for her to be so obviously scared of Drogo, then deciding she did want to have sex with him after he suddenly turns all tender for some reason, and THEN going back to sobbing in her pillow and being scared of him coming to the tent. I think it's an effective change that makes sense.I suppose we'll see.  My GF never read the books, but watched last night's ep and now perceives Drogo as dickhead numero uno, even above Jamie and Viserys.  I told her after about the scene in the book and she said she could understand Dany's perspective (mating with the alpha male after he shows her some kindness). I'm sure that opinion is somewhat swayed by the fact that Jason Momoa is a good looking dude.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Otherwise I understand the point of consistency. I just preferred it how it was in the books, something about that just rang true to me. It's not big deal, ultimately - we know where their story is going.
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 18 April 2011 - 07:47 AM.
1293	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Well I just saw Episode one (in quite good quality too), and let's just say I'm somewhere where there's no such thing as HBO, or the possibility of subscribing to HBO. And I'm not in the UK either. Sooooo if someone wants to watch the show multiple times, and they didn't think to DVR it themselves it's no hard thing to find a way to do it.Don't worry, I WILL be buying the Blu-ray of every season they make, so HBO will be getting its pound of flesh out of me.I really don't have a problem with Dany/Drogo at all. In fact it would have seemed completely out of the blue and inconsistent with Dany's whole attitude for the entire show if she had shown the slightest willingness. It's about as close to consensual as a forced marriage can possibly get. I think it will pay off very well later in the season, as long as they wrote the rest of their relationship right.Have some of you seen Ep.2? Are we even sure they did it? It cut with him bending her over. I assume he did, but there is a chance he didn't. I wondered why they cut. I rather expected HBO to show it, they've shown far worse than an arranged marriage rape. The cut was a little weird.
1294	kungtotte	2011-04-18	The Greatjon is described to be the largest man Bran has ever seen other than Hodor.
Also, wow. There's not a whole lot that could have been done to make this better. I have some minor issues with some of the decisions they made, but nothing that really detracts from the show.
Nice touch with the unisex fanservice too. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1295	TyrionTargaryen	2011-04-18	Negatives:
-Why was Jon getting all cleaned up for a feast he wasn't going to be at?
-Tyrion brothel scene was kinda dumb
-"show me your muscles! You will be a soldier someday"
Positives:
-I loved the foreshadowing of Dany getting into the water that was "too hot". Getting you ready for the final scene with the fire and the dragons.
-Heart tree scene was good
-Bran climbing all about was exactly how I pictured it
There are a lot more positives than negatives so I am happy.
Just remember that the books took off when they got to King's Landing /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1296	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I suppose we'll see.  My GF never read the books, but watched last night's ep and now perceives Drogo as dickhead numero uno, even above Jamie and Viserys.  I told her after about the scene in the book and she said she could understand Dany's perspective (mating with the alpha male after he shows her some kindness). I'm sure that opinion is somewhat swayed by the fact that Jason Momoa is a good looking dude.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Otherwise I understand the point of consistency. I just preferred it how it was in the books, something about that just rang true to me. It's not big deal, ultimately - we know where their story is going.I think they should have made her go to him, even if it seemed stupid. One, because that is what happened, and two, it made seem like a pure, innocent, little white girl was being raped by a big "dark" savage. That view is held in the real world about black men and white women. They could have just seem like a whorish, sexually "explorative" girl, who wanted to be taken by the big guy after seeing all those other Dothraki women getting taken. That would have relieved some of the cultural (racial) tension I felt while watching. I'm still hoping he didn't do it and that's why they cut it after he bent her over.
1297	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	In case my other post gets removed...
Loved it, loved it, loved it. But I'm not sure how non-readers of the series will find it. Some people hoping for a LOTR style fantasy series will be put right off. Even though all the promo work was about telling people how NOT like LOTR it is, some people will still be thinking "Oh come on, how different can it really be?". 
As to the details, it's been long enough since I last read GoT that the changes they made for EP 1 didn't cause me any concern. (Though not having bled at 13 seems rather a stretch doesn't it? One casualty of the aging up process, of which I am fully in support and promoted aging up from the get go. They just shouldn't have any of that stuff about being marriageable at first bleeding and just gone with a 15 or 16 as the age of marriage.)
I think all the actors did a fine job and I think Dinklage pulled off his accent just fine. Dunno where any critic's comments about Dinklage doing a sub-par job came from.
Thank you Al Gore  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1298	Screaming Turkey Reborn	2011-04-18	I love the way Jaime pushed Bran out of the tower. So casual.
1299	GoTreviews	2011-04-18	As much as I liked it and was pleasantly surprised reading the scene in the book, I also understand how confusing it would be to see these characters be all happy and passionate and then subsequently we see Dany crying with her face in a pillow for many of the times they mate after that.Very good point you're making there. It'll certainly be a lot easier to see it grow over time than going back and forth.
1300	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	I love the way Jaime pushed Bran out of the tower. So casual.Ahh so you found a way too.
1301	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	Otherwise I understand the point of consistency. I just preferred it how it was in the books, something about that just rang true to me. It's not big deal, ultimately - we know where their story is going.Nah, I think something about the book doesn't ring true. It just has rather a romanticised noble savage vibe to it, that makes for a behavioural inconsistency.
1302	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-18	I think they should have made her go to him, even if it seemed stupid. One, because that is what happened, and two, it made seem like a pure, innocent, little white girl was being raped by a big "dark" savage. That view is held in the real world about black men and white women. They could have just seem like a whorish, sexually "explorative" girl, who wanted to be taken by the big guy after seeing all those other Dothraki women getting taken. That would have relieved some of the cultural (racial) tension I felt while watching. I'm still hoping he didn't do it and that's why they cut it after he bent her over.No way they wouldn't have him carry through with the deed. That would be utterly ridiculous in the whole context of the story and the cultural mores of that sort of period. Hopeless, cheesy, romanticism. I rather have people feel uncomfortable and have a poor first impression of the Khal, than for the show to go all Twilight on Dany and Drogo's relationship. Cringe!
1303	Areo	2011-04-18	Negatives:-Why was Jon getting all cleaned up for a feast he wasn't going to be at?-Tyrion brothel scene was kinda dumb-"show me your muscles! You will be a soldier someday"I think we cleared that up (the shaving scene) - it's because the appearance of characters changed from the original pilot and the reshoots. Certainly, there would have been a ton of trolls rambling about how suddenly half the characters changed their looks and such. When you watch it several times I guess such details become important and start bugging you. Although Jon being there given he's not going to the feast is one such detail.I agree to some extent on the brothel scene. It was "mehhh". But it did convey some dynamics in the relationship between Jamie and Tyrion, so I'll let it slide.A scene that was pushed a bit was Arya hitting the bullseye. Could've gone with a pretty good shot, but a perfect one? Whateva... Coming to think of it, LotR had a lot of controversial scenes (and bloopers) in about the same time as this season, but I liked it all the same. If they don't do something really dumb which is highly unlikely, these things will in no way bother me.
1304	Trebla	2011-04-18	Why was Jon getting all cleaned up for a feast he wasn't going to be at?He still was able to be on hand when Robert arrived at Winterfell. He was a couple of rows back standing next to Theon. Another character as big and strong as the Hound was Lyle Crakehall aka Strongboar. Jaime compares the two and didn't think that Strongboar would have stood much of a chance. He thinks that Strongboar could not have matched the Hound's speed or savagery.
1305	rockxwl	2011-04-18	-Why was Jon getting all cleaned up for a feast he wasn't going to be at?I think you can write that off as the kids (Robb mostly) assuming Jon would be present at the feast because he doesn't necessarily understand his mother's feelings towards Jon as a bastard. When talking to Tyrion, Jon says that Lady Stark thought it would be insulting to seat a bastard among the royal family and it's kind of implied that it was a last minute decision by Catelyn.
					
					
							Edited by rockxwl, 18 April 2011 - 08:16 AM.
1306	NW Deserter	2011-04-18	-"show me your muscles! You will be a soldier someday"I was watching with two friends, one who had read the books and one who hadn't. When Robert said that, me and the other book-reader looked at each other sadly, knowing what was to become of poor Bran. Third guy was confused...til the ending.  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1307	Balefont	2011-04-18	That view is held in the real world about black men and white women.Eh?I felt the scene ended when it should - it was painful enough - without having to really drive that point home.
1308	CryFenril	2011-04-18	It's lovely to come back after years of inactivity to see folk like Trebla peeping back in too! As someone who was around for the start of the Littlefinger Anti-Defamation League, it's good to see some old-timers about. ... Oh, yes, the show. Forced hubby to sign up for HBO just to watch it. Followed the hype and anti-hype about the actors and sets and such and was very apprehensive. By the time the credits began, I was hooked. I knew they'd have to change/leave out a lot for time's sake, and what they changed was either very minor (the fight with the Others) or helps translate a very internal and personalized character's thoughts into a visual interpretation (Cersei's examination of Sansa). I think a non-reading watcher will have a very hard time sorting out who's who but hopefully that will get resolved fairly quickly. I actually enjoyed the hokey by-play between Jaime and Tyrion in the brothel, because it shows their relatively close and easygoing relationship as compared to the strained relationships around them. In that one scene, you understand the relationship between the two of them quite well. Loved the credits, with the sigul of each house on top of the castles. Can't wait to see more mappage. Dany is a wonder. Not only am I glad that she has such an expressive face (she says SO much without saying a word), but I'm tickled that she is also shown as being booty-licious. Right now she is a terrified child surrounded by savages - we all know she won't stay that way for long, but as introductions go there's only so much you can do before you confuse the viewer.I think it would have come off as ridiculously false if her wedding night had been tender and thoughful - in the books, we know what she's thinking, but here all we can see is her terror and loneliness. She's being handed off from one brute to another, and has no control over anything. Drogo does show considerable restraint compared to normal Dothraki behaviour - those of us who have read about him more will know that, and those who never read the books at all won't find his overall behaviour out of character. I accept the change, with only minor reservations. And Unsullied at the wedding! Yesh! The Starks are well-done; I had my reservations about Bean but he captures the essence of Ned even if he's not what most of us had in mind visually. Cat could be prettier, true, but here she is more of the devoted, aware, well-adjusted mother and wife. More important, IMHO, than how she looks. Not much development of Jon yet, a disappointment but I suppose we'll see what happens. And yes, I saw the puppies (EARS!) and fainted a little from Teh Cute. Love, love, love Tyrion. Right now he is casual, snide, and an utter lecher - which gives him room to become very complex. The episode had SO very much to introduce so very quickly; it's enough to know that Tyrion is a rather base creature with bad habits but a great brain (Cat's comments about candles) for now. He will grow with the series, I have no doubt. Dinklage was in inspired choice and I have faith that he will do his character justice. As for Jamie and Cersei doggy-style - well, it visually ties their actions to the animalistic Dothraki mating style, which makes their incest all the more shocking to the uninitiated. Two cultured, aristocratic, highly-placed people of power getting it on like animals in an abandoned tower. Does it show their lifelong relationship? Of course not! It's not meant to. It's meant to be an "Oh my goodness!" moment, which it most certainly is. Which brings me to my one gripe, which isn't even a gripe. More of an observation. There are a handful of scenes that bring in the obligatory, slightly prurient "shock value" for which HBO is notorious. Tyrion's whore-pile, Viseys fondling his sister (complete with nipple close-up), wobbling bare Dothraki boobies, the beefcake shaving scene... all are geared to grab the audience's attention in a much more visceral and instinctive reaction. We see flesh, we perk up. Same with violence and blood-splatter. We may not like it, or even want to admit it gets to us, but HBO likes to shock and they didn't ease up on it here. It wasn't as overblown as I feared it would be, though non-book-reading hubby did comment that there were a lot of bare breasts and he found it ham-handed. When I explained that GRRM doesn't hold back, and that the overall story does involve a great deal of sex, he snorted and make some snarky comments about The Sopranos. I shan't relay them here. Overall, I would say that I am more than pleased. I have waited well over a decade and a half for this to happen, and while no one will ever get it 100% right to each and every reader, I think this got as close as anything ever would or could. Of course I have minor gripes or things I'd like to have seen done differently - and I don't think there's anyone, including GRRM himself, who wouldn't say the same. But the total effect, the gestalt, if you will, is what counts in my book. And this nailed it. I am more than happy to pay the extra bill every month just to see each episode. It is, to me, a credit to GRRM's books and a very, very well-done interpretation of something about which I am passionate. And oh, the cellos... love them cellos...Hullo again, board, and may the TV series continue to breathe new life into this joint!  /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />
1309	SUNLITLORDRAUL	2011-04-18	Negatives: 1. I actually thought the acting was a little rough. 2. I think the guy playing Tyrion thinks he is doing Shakespere or somehting. 3. Also the scene when they find the Direwolves was very poorly done. 4.The Dorthraki were just pretty cheesey I thought, they did not seem to much like an actual people, but just a mish mash of losers who go around grunting, you did not get the sense of impending doom, like say the Mongols and there language sounds pretty out there.5. Dany's body was a little to curvy, she looked great, but not quite right, she looked to womanly.6. Also as someon mentioned the Tryion sex scene was really stupid. 7. And a final note I think the accents in the show are a little too Brittish, not that I have a problem with an all UK cast, not at all, just that they have sloppy accents that are hard to understand at times. 
Positives: 1. Mark Addy was great, Arya was great and Cat were all perfect. 2. The sets are amazing and am looking forward to more, I just hope that they acting holds up.
1310	Greywolf2375	2011-04-18	One of the thigns taht will be interesting for me is how my presception of Cat's communication changes with seeing a person communicating rather than translating what the books provide.  I have never liked Cat because of the way she is described as speaking many times - "sharp" is used as a descriptor a large number of times which just sits poorly with me.  
As others said about Joffrey and the pay-for-a-punch line, based on the books I'd do the same with Cat.  Kinda like to see if that can change based on how she is portrayed.
1311	nevermore	2011-04-18	Tyrion needs to be a hint scarier and evil sounding, at the moment he's just a happy dwarf, there's not enough depth when he said all dwarves are bastard in their fathers eyes. Jaime i thought is perfect really, not the same as in the book but he's realistic enough. Cersei a bit different again but she did convey most of her character in the first episodes. Ugly Catylen... i hate her even more now, atleast in the book she was real enough to detest, her dialogue just doesn't have any impact as it had in the book. Arya is just funny,  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> , she hasn't said a word and is making smile every time she's on screen. apart from that all the characters are as expected, though it make's it seem childish about the direwolves because everyone is so much older, it seems like what kids would do not the 16-17 year olds representing Robb and Jon.
					
					
							Edited by nevermore, 18 April 2011 - 08:45 AM.
1312	Rydis	2011-04-18	Honestly, I was very disappointed with the first episode. It didn't feel like a show at all. It felt like a bunch of snippits put together. It didn't feel seamless. I honestly thought I was watching preview after preview after preview. Hopefully next episode will prove better to me.
I was also disappointed with Sandor. He didn't look or feel imposing at all.
					
					
							Edited by Rydis, 18 April 2011 - 08:47 AM.
1313	Zezibesh	2011-04-18	Anyone else notice that the sigils they show in the intro next to the actors names are of the houses the characters are from?
Well except for Emilia Clarke, who for some reason got the Lannister sigil.
And the intro is my favorite thing about the show, it's just gorgeous.
1314	The Brandon Stark	2011-04-18	I think they should have made her go to him, even if it seemed stupid.  One, because that is what happened, and two, it made seem like a pure,  innocent, little white girl was being raped by a big "dark" savage. That  view is held in the real world about black men and white women. They  could have just seem like a whorish, sexually "explorative" girl, who  wanted to be taken by the big guy after seeing all those other Dothraki  women getting taken. That would have relieved some of the cultural  (racial) tension I felt while watching. I'm still hoping he didn't do it  and that's why they cut it after he bent her overStop it. I think its childish to feel "racial" tension with that scene. These books and the show are brutal, it was forced marriage of fifteen year old girl, doesn't matter how it was done and much worse is coming. But racial tension?
1315	fallingfortruth	2011-04-18	I'm really confused at the reading of the Dothraki as being entirely stand-ins for a Arab/Black/Racialized other that people seem to be having. The people at the feast were a pretty broad mix of skin tones, including a few of Asiatic/Caucasian descent, and Jason Momoa is of Native Hawaiian descent on his father's side and German/Irish/Native American descent on his mother's.  If anything they sort of suffered from a "universally brown" glossing over of different ethnic origins, but that's actually exactly how the Dothraki are described in the books.I also thought that Drogo and Dany's wedding night scene was pitch-perfect, because the book scene has always struck me as ridiculously romance-novel-esque in the turnaround of Dany's opinion of the entire situation.  In the show she comes across as scared out of her mind, traumatized, deeply unhappy, but resolute in her duty.  And Drogo is gentle, but uncompromising, which makes perfect sense given the culture he comes from.He's overwhelmingly strong and under no obligation to make her happy - after all, he owns her in the eyes of the world - but he shows concern for her in the only way that he can, given that they don't have any language in common, and attempts to ease her into what they're about to do as much as he can without it getting really oddly Kama Sutra for a culture that's depicted as much less interested in a woman's agency than that.  It was hard to watch and awful, but I think it was supposed to be, and I don't in any way see it as an obstacle to him becoming her Sun and Stars over the course of the season.
1316	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	No way they wouldn't have him carry through with the deed. That would be utterly ridiculous in the whole context of the story and the cultural mores of that sort of period. Hopeless, cheesy, romanticism. I rather have people feel uncomfortable and have a poor first impression of the Khal, than for the show to go all Twilight on Dany and Drogo's relationship. Cringe!Did you think the way the book did it was cheesy? I definitely didn't mean do it in a twilight way. Cringe! I can't stand that series. I just think there was a way to make her seem like a young girl that WANTED to be taken, rather than making Drogo seem like a romantic. Besides, won't it seem like the Anglo girl tames the savages when she finally takes control of the khalasar? In the book he didn't force it on her, so I don't see how that would contradict the cultural norms of the period. Drogo didn't make one that uncomfortable in the books, and that should have been able to be pulled off visually. But of course without the Twilight cheesiness. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1317	Ran	2011-04-18	Anyone else notice that the sigils they show in the intro next to the actors names are of the houses the characters are from?Well except for Emilia Clarke, who for some reason got the Lannister sigil.And the intro is my favorite thing about the show, it's just gorgeous.Yes, there's a few errors like that in the first few episodes. I'm told episodes 5 or 6 will have those all sorted out.
1318	Valmy	2011-04-18	Super hot!  And if wanting 13 year olds to be hot is wrong, then why is the Disney Channel so popular?I presumed because children liked it... /wacko.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wacko:' />
1319	Trebla	2011-04-18	It's lovely to come back after years of inactivity to see folk like Trebla peeping back in too! As someone who was around for the start of the Littlefinger Anti-Defamation League, it's good to see some old-timers about. Hullo again, board, and may the TV series continue to breathe new life into this joint!  /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />Hey, long time no see!! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Indeed, perhaps the best part of the show is seeing all the old faces come back around!
1320	Balefont	2011-04-18	Besides, won't it seem like the Anglo girl tames the savages when she finally takes control of the khalasar?No because there's not freaking Anglo in Westeros or anywhere else in Martin's world.
1321	CryFenril	2011-04-18	I promise, lovey, I'll never leave you guys for so long again. I even lost my original login when the board moved! *weeps bitter tears for her 4-digit post count*
1322	Rawket	2011-04-18	First off, I just wanted to say hats of to GRRM and HBO, I think they did a great job with the first episode.  For the most part when a book I have enjoyed is turned in to a movie/TV show, I am generally let down by the movie or show.  The show is never able to live up to my imagination, and the time constraints of TV/film mean that things must be cut that impact the story--usually negatively.  However, after watching the first episode of A Game of Thrones I have to say that this is the best book to TV/film transition I have ever seen.  While there are small changes that I could nitpick about, for the most part I think HBO has done an amazing job of staying true to the book.  Granted, this is only the first episode, but nearly all of the characters are very much how I pictured them in my head--a testament to both HBO, and GRRM's ability to describe characters.
That being said, I have read all 15 pages of this topic so far. I haven't seen anyone else mention that HBO left out the scene from the book where Bran and Tommen practice fight.  I feel like its a key scene that sets a lot of the events A Game Of Thrones in motion.  Now that Bran has been pushed out the window he won't be practicing sword-fighting with Tommen.
In the book Bran knocks Tommen down in the practice yard while the King's men and Winterfell men look on.  Joffrey, who is waiting to practice fight Robb, feels that Bran has embarrassed Tommen, and more generally that the Starks have embarrassed Joffrey and his family.  Ser Rodrik calls Robb and Joffrey over to fight next but Joffrey responds that it is beneath him to fight Starks with play swords. He says they should use real swords.  Joffrey may be hoping that Robb will be unwilling to strike a member of the royal family and therefore refuse the fight and lose face in front of the other men.  Or Joffrey, who is likely well trained, may genuinely think he can wound or kill Robb.  Either way, Ser Rodrik refuses to let the two boys fight with real steal.
The entire scene angers and embarrasses Joffrey to the point that he hires an assassin to kill Bran.  Joffrey gives the assassin one of his own daggers (IIRC Joffrey got the dagger from Robert who had won it from Littlefinger in a tourney wager).  The assassin attempts to kill Bran, but is thwarted by Catelyn with the help of Bran's wolf Summer.  Catelyn, whose hand is cut very deeply by the would-be-assassins knife, recognizes that the dagger is made of Valyrian steel. Valyrian steel is incredibly rare and valuable, so Catelyn realizes that if she can find out who the blade belonged to she can figure out who sent the man to kill Bran.
Catelyn tracking the origins of the blade, and the events that follow, make up a significant part of the first book.  It will be interesting to see what HBO comes up with for Joffrey's motivation for sending a killer after Bran.
What do you guys think?
Rawket
1323	Axon	2011-04-18	No because there's not freaking Anglo in Westeros or anywhere else in Martin's world.100% Agreed.  I'm not sure how it got so borderline racist up in hurrrr.  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
1324	Jonias Snow	2011-04-18	That being said, I have read all 15 pages of this topic so far. I haven't seen anyone else mention that HBO left out the scene from the book where Bran and Tommen practice fight.  I feel like its a key scene that sets a lot of the events A Game Of Thrones in motion.  Now that Bran has been pushed out the window he won't be practicing sword-fighting with Tommen.What do you guys think?RawketWhat I think and hope for is EXTENDED CUT dvd/Blue-Rays of Game of Thrones, with the above scene and many more edited back in (including post production) like PJ did for LOTR. So beside 10 hr dvd sets we fans can purchase extended 12 hr. Blue-Rays. Here that HBO, please! it's all I ever wanted.
1325	reiver	2011-04-18	The entire scene angers and embarrasses Joffrey to the point that he hires an assassin to kill Bran.  Joffrey gives the assassin one of his own daggers (IIRC Joffrey got the dagger from Robert who had won it from Littlefinger in a tourney wager).  The assassin attempts to kill Bran, but is thwarted by Catelyn with the help of Bran's wolf Summer.  Catelyn, whose hand is cut very deeply by the would-be-assassins knife, recognizes that the dagger is made of Valyrian steel. Valyrian steel is incredibly rare and valuable, so Catelyn realizes that if she can find out who the blade belonged to she can figure out who sent the man to kill Bran.Catelyn tracking the origins of the blade, and the events that follow, make up a significant part of the first book.  It will be interesting to see what HBO comes up with for Joffrey's motivation for sending a killer after Bran.What do you guys think?RawketRobb and Joffrey appear much further apart in age than is described in the book. Robb looks an adult and Joffrey a young teen although i admit it would still play to Joffrey's character to challenge i'm not sure it would play right for Robb to want to beat him.I thought that the motivation was that Joffrey had overheard Robert say something along the lines of "it would be better if the boy died" and doing it for his father's approval rather than a vendetta.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 18 April 2011 - 09:29 AM.
1326	Xenophon	2011-04-18	I'm really confused at the reading of the Dothraki as being entirely stand-ins for a Arab/Black/Racialized other that people seem to be having. The people at the feast were a pretty broad mix of skin tones, including a few of Asiatic/Caucasian descent, and Jason Momoa is of Native Hawaiian descent on his father's side and German/Irish/Native American descent on his mother's.  If anything they sort of suffered from a "universally brown" glossing over of different ethnic origins, but that's actually exactly how the Dothraki are described in the books.I think they're more distinctive in the books.  Copper skin and dark almond eyes.  Also, IIRC, there's a chapter where Dany realizes that she can now distinguish the Dothraki from the people they are raiding.  But even if it were exactly how it's described in the books, I'd still agree with everyone who didn't like the casting of the Dothraki in the TV show. In Westeros, HBO was very careful to make sure each house had a certain look.  With the Dothraki, anything vaguely brown was good enough.  Combine that with the (IMO) silly Dothraki costumes and you have something that looks like it could be in Xena or a Conan movie.  Here's something that I just noticed...On the map in HBO viewers' guide, King's Landing is situated a little farther to the East than in the books, on the shores of Blackwater Bay. But in the opening credits, King's Landing is right where it is in the books, just at the mouth of the Blackwater Rush. So, for the mythology in the show, which one has it right, the viewers' guide or the opening credits?The high-res picture they released looks like it's at the mouth of a river.  But I imagine it'll ultimately be whichever makes it easier to film the Battle of the Blackwater.
1327	CryFenril	2011-04-18	The lack of the children's "battle scene" has been brought up briefly in a few posts, but again it comes down to which details they MUST have and which ones they can afford to lose due to time constraints. 
While it would be nice to see the development of hatred between the young generation of Starks and Lannisters, it's pretty obvious from all of the "I wanna punch his face in!" comments that Joffrey's Little Butthead role has already been quite well established without the need for a fight. 
Besides, Joff didn't send the assassin after Bran because he hated Bran personally - he did it because... well, because it's an awfully damn Joffrey thing to do. Cersei as much as verifies it later on.
					
					
							Edited by CryFenril, 18 April 2011 - 09:31 AM.
1328	DragonAge93	2011-04-18	Watched it last night. It's just too epic for words. I was in awe throughout the whole episode, and wanted to weep when it ended. And I finished the first book yesterday, so now I'm all prepared for what is to come. Even if I do know what is around the corner, it's still a surprise to me since now I can actually see it on screen. Can't wait for next week.
1329	LadyStormHeart	2011-04-18	My husband fell asleep about halfway through the episode.  He woke up right at the end just before Bran started climbing the tower.  After he fell...
Husband: So, the kid is dead? (said with disbelief)
Me: No, he's not dead...
H: So the dog is dead?
M: It's not a dog.
H: The wolf, then.
M: No, he's not dead either....
H: What so one of them has wings?
M: Funny you should say that.....
I have to say I was slightly disappointed with the Dothraki scenes.  The dancing and fighting at the wedding was so staged.  And I didn't really get the sense of evil off Viserys, not at all.  In the books I hated him immediately.  Here I was so distracted by his looks that I didn't get a sense that something was off with him until he told his sister what he'd let the Dothraki horde do to her.  Not even when he stripped her... that scene just seemed a little odd.  I was waiting for his totally harsh and mean nipple twist that never came.  They should have had him hit her or something.
All in all, I did enjoy it, and I cannot WAIT to see more!!
1330	Cyclone49	2011-04-18	Really enjoyed that, for the most part. A few minor issues here and there (most of which don't really bother me so much now that I've had time to take it all in), but overall it looks brilliant, and I can't wait to see what the rest of the season has in store.What I liked:- All of the Starks in general are perfect. I was a bit unsure on a few of them previously - Robb seemed way too old, Ned just seemed a bit too rough and cold, something wasn't quite right about Cat - but I'm completely sold on them now. Robb still seems quite different to the character in the books, but I'm growing to really like the TV show's interpretation, and the guy playing him is a very good actor. Haven't got any real issues with Cat, and I think she looks very attractive for a woman her age. Really liked Benjen as well, it's a shame he'll be gone in a couple of episodes. Theon looks promising too.- Mark Addy as Robert. Again, I wasn't really sure about him from what I'd seen in previews, but he's brilliant in the role, absolutely capturing the character from the books. Tyrion and Jamie are excellent too, and Jamie again is one that didn't seem slightly right in the preview material, but in the episode proper seemed to have just walked straight out of the book and into HBO's casting office.- Almost all of the new scenes, especially anything that gave a bit more depth and insight into life at Winterfell before everything went to hell. And I really liked all the inconsequential little bits like the preparations for Robert's arrival (and I had no issues with the bit where the guys are shaved, I thought that was a very good little character moment)- The opening. The theme music felt a little generic to me, but the visuals are incredible, even if all the gears and the general steampunk feel does seem to clash a little with the pseudo-medieval setting. The music used throughout the episode is very good too, glad it doesn't go overboard with it like a lot of television does these days (I'm looking at you, Doctor Who).- The way Ned's grim demeaner and the "Winter is coming" saying were poked fun at a bit. And the amount of humor in general; with something like this there's always risk of it being taken too seriously, and I'm glad it wasn't.- Bran's climbing, and how it was woven throughout the episode. And I had no problem with the "things I do for love moment" either. I loved just how perverse what Bran walked in on was as well - it wasn't just the queen fucking her twin brother, but they were going at it in rough doggy style in some filthy, abandoned part of the castle! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> - Just how true to the book it was. Yeah, some things were changed, but this has got to be the most faithful adaptation of a novel I've seen in my life, both in terms of the actual events that take place and in capturing the feel and essence of the series and fictional universe (and characters).- All the little touches, like Dany going into the bath that was too hot. - About a hundred or so other things I've neglected to mention.What I wasn't sure about:- Like many, the Dany/Drogo "love" scene didn't sit right with me. Now that I've thought about it more, though, it's probably a necessary alteration and without Dany's internal monologue it would have seemed a bit confusing and inconsistent if done as written.- Something about Cersei's portrayal still doesn't sit quite right with me, but I'm confident that will change in time.- Sandor Clegane. I realize we've only seen a very brief snippet so far, but something doesn't seem right. And his helmet looked a bit goofy to be honest - I almost burst out laughing when he first appeared.- I do wonder how easy it will be for new viewers to fully understand some aspects of it. For the most part they've done a good job of providing amble exposition without it being too obvious or hamfisted, but there were a couple of points where I thought it could have become a bit murky and confusing for people not familiar with the books.- The scene where Ned and Catelyn hear about Lysa's letter and are debating with Maester Luwin whether to go to King's Landing. Something about it just gave off a weird vibe - the way it was framed with Ned in the foreground and Cat and Luwin standing either side behind him, with the music building up ever more dramatically as Cat and Luwin seemed to almost be directly addressing the audience as they spouted exposition while arguing about whether Ned should do. And it seemed slightly out of character for someone like Maester Luwin to be arguing so strongly for Ned to investigate Jon Arryn's death. However, I can see how such a scene would be useful for newer viewers, and there was something unmistakable effective and dramatic about it.- Slightly disappointed we didn't get the "...but not all bastards need be dwarfs" ending to Tyrion's speech to Jon.What I actively disliked:- Nothing, really. I guess the fact that Illyrio seems nothing like the character from the books, both in appearance and demeanor, but he's such a minor character that it's hard for me to get bothered by that.Other observations:- What on earth were those things on Jon Arryn's eyes!?- There's something almost heartbreaking about watching how happy and carefree the Starks are, knowing what's in store for them. Especially the scene where Sansa and Catelyn are talking about Joffrey, I just wanted to yell "No! Stay away from him! Stay away while you can!"- Ned's execution of Will seems rather more brutal than in the novel, possibly because we don't get as much depth into just why Night Watch deserters are executed. Also, there's something I really like about just how emotionally jarring the early scenes we are - there's all these sweet, funny family moments that could have easily come out of some light-hearted family drama or sitcom, then the kids are taken to watch their father chop a man's head off, and then they go back to more fun, light-hearted shenanigans, then a midget is cavorting with four naked prostitutes, and so on.
1331	CryFenril	2011-04-18	By the way, I cannot resist noting - the huge fireballish Sauron's-Eye used as the base of the rotating "plate" for the series title during the credits... anyone else see that as a possible allusion to a certain Lord of Light and his upcoming "invasion" of the western continent...? Or is it perhaps an allusion to dragonfire? Dracarys, anyone? *grins and runs*
1332	Deaf Dick	2011-04-18	I'm very impressed. It's too bad I don't have HBO, as I was able to watch the premier at my parents house. So it's DVD's for me at the end of the season  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> I think the actress playing Dany nailed it. She looked so vulnerable and scared which I thought was perfect for how I envisioned her. I'm really looking forward to seeing her character gain confidence in the later episodes. I thought Viserys stood out as well...what a creepy dude.I can see where the producers set Cat up as being more sympathetic than what I remember, but I'm okay with it, as I defended her a lot back when I posted on the book forums.Arya was too cute. It'll be interesting to see her character develop.
1333	gumby	2011-04-18	Don't know if this was mentioned because it's 19 pages but Illyrio was freaking awesome.
1334	XBL	2011-04-18	I did not have as much of a problem with the Drogo/Dany scene.  I think the writers are trying to make Dany's transformation from scared, abused child into khaleesi as dramatic as possible, so they are going to make it take a while.  Also, it is quite obvious that it is Viserys who wants this in the beginning, and not Dany, so having her suddenly start to fall in love with him after just a wedding and a gift horse may not have made sense to those who didn't read the books.
Extremely happy overall with the first episode.  Excellent acting all around, looking forward to King's Landing.
1335	Abaddon	2011-04-18	They did go a completely different route, and my initial reaction was that it works very well. She looks absolutely gaunt, and disturbed. Truly like a woman in the midst of an utter mental breakdown. That to me is the important part to convey to the audience. Fat or thin, no difference. Just unattractive and mental.This.  They picked Aunt Spiker instead of Aunt Sponge.  I think she looks great as an unhinged Lysa.
1336	Balefont	2011-04-18	- Slightly disappointed we didn't get the "...but not all bastards need be dwarfs" ending to Tyrion's speech to Jon.Yeah, I had to say it outloud myself.
1337	Arataniello	2011-04-18	Don't know if this was mentioned because it's 19 pages but Illyrio was freaking awesome.Hmm, I was not so enthusiastic.  The actor playing the role seemed a bit too "luvvie" for me, and was not nearly obese enough.  It is a real shame that Ian McNeice or Richard Griffiths were not avialable for the part, they are fine character actors and would have nailed it better.
1338	Areo	2011-04-18	Besides, Joff didn't send the assassin after Bran because he hated Bran personally - he did it because... well, because it's an awfully damn Joffrey thing to do. Cersei as much as verifies it later on.Precisely. I even got the feeling when it was all uncovered that Joff acted out of some perverse sense of mercy towards Bran, like killing a wounded animal, even though he'd enjoy the kill too because he's a monster after all. Otherwise, he's perfectly cast, I do want to beat him until I start bleeding and can't wait for his wedding. Heh.
1339	NW Deserter	2011-04-18	Don't know if this was mentioned because it's 19 pages but Illyrio was freaking awesome.This is actually one thing I forgot to mention in my post...I was disappointed in Illyrio. He just didn't look like an extravagant, wealthy guy.
1340	gumby	2011-04-18	This is actually one thing I forgot to mention in my post...I was disappointed in Illyrio. He just didn't look like an extravagant, wealthy guy.While he is no where near as fat as he should be and his massive wealth isn't necessarily blatantly pointed out (it is there though, the mansion, him supporting them for a year, lavish gifts of Myrish lace and dragon eggs), I was really impressed by how the character was presented and the acting.  I never really gave Illyrio much thought in the books but I can tell I'm going to love him in the show.
1341	howland_reed	2011-04-18	I absolutely loved it, but my perception was jaded as a giddy fanboy who was just ecstatic to see his favorite series on the screen.  At least in my view, the show lived up to the early hype, and was true to the books for parts that mattered the most.
I saw the premier with a few others, some who haven't read the books.  Let's just say while they liked the cliffhanger ending, and was intrigued enough to watch another episode (at least they got hooked), they found the first 50 minutes slow and expository.  Which was surprising to me, cause I found the pace too quick!  However, I will say that it did a pretty phenomenal job in setting the pieces, especially for such a large ensemble cast.  My friends caught on pretty quickly with the family relationships, and were really only confused by Uncle Benjen and Robb (who seemed more like a man-of-arms than Ned's son).  My one concern though is that the women in the group, who haven't read the books, weren't particularly fond of the show and called it a "boy's playground."  A NYTimes article by a female author echoed pretty much the same thoughts, and while I do realize that there's a large number of female fans of the book series, I worry that the television show won't be able to attract that demographic.
As for people's nitpicks, I had an intuition that there'd be a certain contingent on Westeros complaining about Dany/Drogo's rape scene.  At first, I was surprised that they didn't make it consensual as it was in the books, as you do lose a bit of Drogo's compassionate side.  But even in the book, I found Dany's acceptance too quick for a virginal 13-year old who's about to be bedded by a foreign warlord.  Moreover, if she had consented in the pilot, I feel such a sudden change in demeanor would not portray her kindly on the screen, without the benefit of her inner dialogue.  I think her eventual love for Drogo needs to be gradually nurtured over the next few episodes, so I applaud the producer's decision to make her wedding night more "brutal."  To have her consent so quickly would make the sex seem rather gratuitous, as if we were watching Camelot or Spartacus.
Speaking of, the gratuitious nudity was the one part of the pilot I could've done without.  Surprisingly, the scenes we thought would be rather gratuitous -- Tyrion's whoring, Dany/Drogo's wedding night, Cersei/Jaime bumping like bunnies -- were rather PG-13.  But I felt Dany's early nudity and the Dothraki wedding festival were ridiculously tawdry and made it feel a bit like some B-movie Skinimax flick.  It wasn't necessary and screamed of, "Hey, this is an HBO show! Let's show some random T&A!"
1342	Xenophon	2011-04-18	While he is no where near as fat as he should be and his massive wealth isn't necessarily blatantly pointed out (it is there though, the mansion, him supporting them for a year, lavish gifts of Myrish lace and dragon eggs), I was really impressed by how the character was presented and the acting.  I never really gave Illyrio much thought in the books but I can tell I'm going to love him in the show.Yeah, I thought he did a great job of delivering those suck-up lines to Viserys without seeming utterly ridiculous.  You could see how Viserys and Daenerys might actually have believed him.
1343	Valmy	2011-04-18	It wasn't necessary and screamed of, "Hey, this is an HBO show! Let's show some random T&A!"Tyrion's whores were the main thing that made me squick.  But then I have always been creeped out by Tyrion and his whores.  But yeah this is HBO so you have to expect for lots of unnecessary naked women.  I am pretty used to it though so I barely notice.
1344	Rockroi	2011-04-18	The amount of explanation. For example, the initial explanation that Arryn(?) had died went by way a bit too quickly, for my wife who had never heard of a "Hand" let alone that character. Also the explanation of Robert's connection to Lyanna wasn't explained until they were in the crypt, making it impossible for new viewers to understand what is happening when Robert insists on paying his respects immediate after arriving at Winterfell, and Cersei is annoyed. On the other hand, I'm not sure what else they could have done that wouldn't have been painfully boring.Its not that I disagree, but we have to remember something about the show for people who are watching for the first time and have NOT read the books: "explanation" is prized over "execution."  Yes, they want to achieve both, but they have to explain so much in just a few lines of dialog.  And its a lot.  So much so that the name "Rhaegar Targaryen" is never uttered.  So, for anyone watching the show for the first time and having not read the books it all has to seem like "Who the HELL are these people and why are they doing all this?"  So in order to avoid people just shrugging their shoulders and turning to "America's Fattest Top Model on the Jersey Shore" they have to explain these things.The scene that probably has the most controversy here is the Dany-Drogo sex scene.  For starters, its not that the scene in the show is horrible or completely illogical (like Arya hitting a bulls-eye); its simply a different, logical outcome of these people's relationship.   Think of it in terms of that quantum-mechanics/string-theory that states that every single decision we make creates an alternate universe.  Well, in one universe Dany, on her wedding night, is effectively raped as she cries in the arms of her new husband (the show's version); in another universe Dany and Drogo exchange a few words and Dany discovers- much to her surprise and pleasure -that Drogo can be tender and caring and she has wild sex which she enjoys with a man she grows to love (the books).  Neither is illogical or crazy; they both make a kind of sense.  I just always preferred the bopok version.  First, for the reasons I stated earlier: its the start of a good relationship.  Second, it shows a character in the books actually enjoying sex without regrets and without taboos.  Third, it shows that Dany has feelings and desires of her very own and they are very healthy. Somebody earlier mentioned that in the books, it appeared as if Dany was suffering from Stockholm Syndrome.  I reject the idea that Dany was ever suffering from Stockholm syndrome in the books.  For starters, Drogo never held Dany captive; Viserys did.  Dany saw Drogo as a means of salvation from Viserys (after a time).  Second, she was always treated with respect by Drogo (most notably in Dany given the authority to decide the fates of slaves after Drogo's last battle- something not just unheard of in Dothrakai society but in Wesetroes society as well).  Finally, Drogo never engaged in any behavior that would be characterized as an abduction - apart from being married to someone from an outside culture that the bride now must get used to.  Someone else mentioned that, in the books, Drogo would have sex with Dany so harshly that it would leave Dany raw, and therefore the scene in the show is in the same spirit of the books.  This is not an accurate interpretation and juxtaposition of the two scenes.  The scene in the show, Dany is clearly petrified of Drogo and absolutely terrified of this new life. In the books, first Dany greatly enjoyed sex with Drogo, especially in that one scene that BEGINS with Drogo saying "no" and ends with Dany saying "yes."  Second, its a large and wide leap from being sore and raw after sex to being raped while clearly terrified.  I also understand why the show made this decision: Dany's sense of isolation, smallness and helplessness needs to be accentuated, over and above trying to establish a real relationship between the two characters.  Dany is far more important that Drogo in the grand scheme of the books; the show also must develop Dany from "helpless" to "all powerful" and REMEMBER: the show cannot go too far into back-story to pull out the terrified child and the house with a red door.  Instead, the show must capture Dany's isolation and intimidation early and often. My criticism is that Dany loved Drogo, so that when he is slain later in the book she has a palpable loss: she lost the man she loved, the father of her child, her husband, her protector and confidant.  That loss LATER is just as important as that child being forced-fucked NOW.  Yes, the show will obviously develop the relationship between Dany and Drogo from this point onward.  However NOW that relationship- in the show -could VERY WELL have the taste of Stockholm Syndrome.  And that's a shame.  Still, though, it makes a sense that cannot be denied. And I liked the barber-shop scene.  I like any new scene; it adds to the universe.  And I enjoy this universe.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 18 April 2011 - 10:17 AM.
1345	TerraPrime	2011-04-18	I think the level of nudity is comparable to that in their series "Rome." So it's definitely in line with HBO production. Now, whether that amount of nudity exists in Martin's Westeros, that's a different discussion. 
I'm also sore to see some of the best lines in the book cut. I know, I know, they can't keep everything, but Ned's speech on courage, and Tyrion's quip are just so... good. *sigh*
That one line from Tyrion though makes a big difference. It makes the screen Tyrion less compassionate and less empathetic. Maybe that's what they want to achieve? 
I'm also a  bit unhappy with the passage of time. I find it a bit confusing, and I've read the books. Don't know how the non-readers are picking up on that. 
Also, I do not like what they did to Cat as a character. I can barely see any of the Cat that I know from the books in this episode. Very disappointed.
1346	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	No because there's not freaking Anglo in Westeros or anywhere else in Martin's world.Come on here. We're watching a tv show. There are clear visual differences. And our world and Martin's world deals with that. You can't ignore what happens in our world. Are you telling me they just happen to cast darker skinned people as the savages, and it just so happens that in our actual world there are similar perceptions? Is that what is in the book? Yes. Even more significant.I'm not speaking about any one individual but our society as a whole. And I guess I should say I can only speak for America.  You have to be seeing Westeros as the dominant culture, and being portrayed as the most sophistacated, most organized, and most technogically advanced. In the books there is a strong suggestion of Targaryen superiority and I always saw Dany's takeover of the Khalasar as having demonstrated that. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it is basically like she's going to take control of all the non-whites to make an army to take over Westeros. And don't say anything about those cultures being portrayed from her perspective. That's an even bigger point, the entire series is portrayed from the view of the people with lighter skin. Which no matter how they end up understanding them they are still an alien culture, a side story in the grander scheme of things.And she comes and takes control of them, learns their customs and ways easily and rules them. Avatar, and other movies received similar criticisms.And after typing all that, I have to say I have no problem with that, but I did think that in the book when Martin didn't have Drogo just take her, it played well for him and the Dothraki culture and was a positive. The right to one's own body is always positive, and I don't care if it's our world or any world that would be seen as positive. And Martin's choice to actually not have the dark skinned, alien people seen as completely savage in that one area...it was a positive and different. And since Drogo at the time, especially visually, was a representative for all Dothraki, I think it reinforces actual perceptions we have in our world, to have him rape her. In the book he didn't and perceptions of the alien Dothraki were different, more civilized. I know the lighter skinned people are portrayed as sexual savages in some regards as well. But we see them, or will see them on screen far more and know there are different sides to them. The Dothraki, on the other hand, are a side story and are framed by moments like that. It's nice to see the standard raping, crazy savage thing wasn't done in the book and I wish it wasn't done here where it later will make her seem like she tamed/conquered savages, whereas in the book the not raping her turned them into not savages to be tamed, but a misunderstood peoples that she grows up with and becomes one with. Ths show and its raping is making that feeling less so. Man, I'm going to get ripped apart for this one. Be nice. I am willing to hear anyone out, and open to having my mind altered.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 10:18 AM.
1347	awesome possum	2011-04-18	I didn't like the Dany/Drogo wedding night scene at first, but I've come around.  I mean, it's still not pleasant to watch but I understand why they did it.  We won't get hundreds of pages of Dany's personal inner-monologue in the television show, so we need to see her grow.  Part of that, I believe, will be her "taming" Drogo to an extent.
1348	Lord Varys	2011-04-18	The wedding scene was largely crap. The one good thing was Illyrio's line about the dragon eggs, and Drogo really appearing utterly disinterested in Daenerys through most of it.
But, come on, why even show us the Silver if she is not going to ride it? What is the point of it for the story? That's just a waste of screen time!
The same for the 'No'-stuff during the rape scene (this is a rape scene now, not the scene . The whole point of that in the novel is that it leads to Dany answering 'Yes'. Without that, there is no point at all why we should hear Drogo bark in Dothraki for all I or the story care.
This was really, really bad storytelling, and one of the finer examples were sticking to the book in some aspects, while changing the core meaning just is not possible without contradicting yourself. It's either sticking to the novel, going from it. You cannot do both.
Besides that, I still don't like housewife Cat. But besides that this first episode was fun. I enjoyed it, although I must say it's not really that, well, interesting as I know the story too well to be surprised by anything. And I can't imagine how or what I'd think about the series had I not read the books.
1349	oneeye	2011-04-18	wow 19 pages already yeesh
very close to book so far, some real good casting too.
The opening sequence music is mainly to explain the map but not bad.
Will be interesting to see Jaime and Tyrion change and Arya grow up to be even more bad ass. Guess they threw in the bow shooting.
Looking forward to Little Finger, because of the actor more than I like him in the book!
					
					
							Edited by oneeye, 18 April 2011 - 10:22 AM.
1350	TheEvilKing	2011-04-18	Episode 1 Power Rankings:
1. King Robert
2. Arya
3. Tyrion
4. Viserys
5. Cersei
1351	Valmy	2011-04-18	Man, I'm going to get ripped apart for this one. Be nice. I am willing to hear anyone out, and open to having my mind altered.I am going to hold judgement until I see the extent of the Dothraki story line.  The books portray them very positively so I expect the show to do that as well.
1352	Balefont	2011-04-18	Come on here. We're watching a tv show. There are clear visual differences. And our world and Martin's world deals with that. You can't ignore what happens in our world. Are you telling me they just happen to cast darker skinned people as the savages, and it just so happens that in our actual world there are similar perceptions? Is that what is in the book? Yes. Even more significant.The Dothraki in the book are copper skinned with almond shaped eyes.  I can understand the difficulty with casting an entire people of this description and instead tending to darker skinned people in general.  It makes perfect sense that they are darker skinned, not because they are barbarians or savages, but because they live in the open in an area where they are far more exposed to sun than snow and rain.  There are plenty of barbarians and savage-like people in northern Westeros who are light skinned and they are light skinned due to their environment.  And the ironborn as well!I'm not speaking about any one individual but our society as a whole. And I guess I should say I can only speak for America.I think you are blowing these way, way to far out of proportion by making even the slightest comparrison to our world let alone America.You have to be seeing Westeros as the dominant culture, and being portrayed as the most sophistacated, most organized, and most technogically advanced.Why?  Just because that's all we've seen you can't make this assumption.  In addition, how is Westeros more sophisticated, more organized, more technologically advanced than any place across the Narrow Sea?  Just because Westeros better mirrors old Europe and therefore what we, as a current culture in the first world, are more familiar.In the books there is a strong suggestion of Targaryen superiority and I always saw Dany's takeover of the Khalasar as having demonstrated that.I've never interpretted Dany's coming into her own power as a white superiority issue.  It's her strength as a born ruler and a cunning player of the game that leads to her take over.  And her dragons.Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it is basically like she's going to take control of all the non-whites to make an army to take over Westeros. And don't say anything about those cultures being portrayed from her perspective. That's an even bigger point, the entire series is portrayed from the view of the people with lighter skin. Which no matter how they end up understanding them they are still an alien culture, a side story in the grander scheme of things.And she comes and takes control of them, learns their customs and ways easily and rules them. Avatar, and other movies received similar criticisms.Ick.I know the lighter skinned people are portrayed as sexual savages in some regards as well. But we see them, or will see them on screen far more and know there are different sides to them. The Dothraki, on the other hand, are a side story and are framed by moments like that.I disagree.  I think we're going to see an even amount across the board because that is how it is in the books.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 18 April 2011 - 10:47 AM.
1353	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I am going to hold judgement until I see the extent of the Dothraki story line.  The books portray them very positively so I expect the show to do that as well.I should be holding off judgment as we are only one episode in./smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But I think him forcing himself on her just plays on the standard way we portray "other" cultures in our world. Martin didn't do that because he's different, and I thought that difference showed the Dothraki in a better, more civilized, just different light. But the show resorted to the norm.
1354	Valmy	2011-04-18	I always thought the Westerosi were basically seen as contemptible barbarians by the people of the Free Cities.
1355	Andhaira	2011-04-18	Fantastic episode. LOVED the opening credits. And every week we get to see modified versions of these wonderful credits. Can't wait to see the Eyrie in them! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
My only real complaint is that when the dancers in the wedding were mounted, they still had their clothes on. They should have been naked from the waist down. (not because I want to see them naked you see, just for added realism)
The shots of Bran climbing were quite well done. Better than I expected actually. Jaime's tossing of Bran out the window was well done too, I just wish we could have seen Bran hit the ground (and maybe bounce a little too /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> )
We didn't get to see the grownup versions of the rest of the direwolves. We only saw Summer, not even Ghost makes an appearance. The perfect time for that would have been when Jon was practicing with the wooden dummy outside the feast hall. 
Don't really have a problem with the Dany sex scene, though I do wish they had made it more like the books where Dany finally says yes. Really dunno why they didn't go that route. 
Anyhow, can't wait for next week. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1356	Balefont	2011-04-18	I should be holding off judgment as we are only one episode in./smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But I think him forcing himself on her just plays on the standard way we portray "other" cultures in our world. Martin didn't do that because he's different, and I thought that difference showed the Dothraki in a better, more civilized, just different light. But the show resorted to the norm.How 'bout this?  If you're having a hard time with it right now, think of it as seeing the Dothraki through Dany's eyes.  It's just like in the books in the sense that as she learns their culture, she sees them more as a people than as crazy scary people who happen to have dark skin.
1357	Xenophon	2011-04-18	I am going to hold judgement until I see the extent of the Dothraki story line.  The books portray them very positively so I expect the show to do that as well.Ok, you will, but new viewers won't.  In the no-spoilers thread, people are comparing them to Klingons.  When my wife saw them, she said "this is just stupid" and left the room.  If you botch the introduction, a lot of people are going to write them off as stereotypical noble-savages, and it will take a lot of work to get them interested again.  I get that HBO wanted to show us how terrifying and barbarous they appear to Dany.  But you can do that without making them look like utterly cliched stock characters.
1358	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	Just wanted to say two quick things (and I'm sure I'll come back later with more in depth thoughts when time permits): 
One, loved the episode. 
Two, DALLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Does this mean you're back? /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />
1359	Balefont	2011-04-18	I think the scene would have been improved if it was held on a grassy plain and we got a sweeping view of the huge khalessar drinking, dancing and fighting (and fucking).
1360	Valmy	2011-04-18	Ok, you will, but new viewers won't.  In the no-spoilers thread, people are comparing them to Klingons.  When my wife saw them, she said "this is just stupid" and left the room.  If you botch the introduction, a lot of people are going to write them off as stereotypical noble-savages, and it will take a lot of work to get them interested again.  I get that HBO wanted to show us how terrifying and barbarous they appear to Dany.  But you can do that without making them look like utterly cliched stock characters.Well hopefully other parts of the story appealed to them in episode 1 then.
1361	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	Also, I can not tell you how many places on the internet have people saying things like, "I can not believe that kid got pushed." /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1362	YourOnion	2011-04-18	New member, old-time reader.
Help me out here please.
About the prologue-scenes; what's up with the wildling's bodies alined in a circle, with severed torsos lined in the middle?
It don't bother me, with magic coming at a cost and all, but that's not in the book is it? Or did I miss some vital paragraph?
The episode was great. Got serious "sense of wonder"-chills creeping up my spine while my fists uncontrollably shook the air out of sheer enjoyment during that awesome, mechanized, titles.
Oh, and the rest was pretty good too.
1363	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	The Dothraki in the book are copper skinned with almond shaped eyes.  I can understand the difficulty with casting an entire people of this deescription and instead tending to darker skinned people in general.  It makes perfect sense that they are darker skinned, not because they are barbarians or savages, but because they live in the open in an area where they are far more exposed to sun than snow and rain.  There are plenty of barbarians and savage-like people in northern Westeros who are light skinned and they are light skinned due to their environment.  And the ironborn as well!I think you are blowing these way, way to far out of proportion by making even the slightest comparrison to our world let alone America.Why?  Just because that's all we've seen you can't make this assumption.  In addition, how is Westeros more sophisticated, more organized, more technologically advanced than any place across the Narrow Sea?  Just because Westeros better mirrors old Europe and therefore what we, as a current culture in the first world, are more familiar.I've never interpretted Dany's coming into her own power as a white superiority issue.  It's her strength as a born ruler and a cunning player of the game that leads to her take over.  And her dragons.Ick.I disagree.  I think we're going to see an even amount across the board because that is how it is in the books. I have to figure out how to do this multi quote thing.First, copper skinned is darker. And the darker skinned peoples are savages. The story is told from a non-dark skined POV. And she see them as savages initially. The iron born aren't portrayed nearly as savagely as the Dothraki. And they at least get POVs.I see a lot of similarities with our world, and I think Martin even admits using some actual history as a guide.First world? That kind of makes my point. I think Westeros is clearly more technologically advanced. Do the Dothraki even write? Keep a history? Have a major city dedicated to knowledge? Sounds more organized to me, butthat could be my first world bias. The lighter skinned person is always a born ruler, cunning player of the "game", and gets dragons. And somehow ends up ruling all the savages that she should be too different/alien to, to accomplish such a feat. But it's a common theme in literature and film.I'll get back to the "ICK". /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1364	awesome possum	2011-04-18	The lighter skinned person is always a born ruler, cunning player of the "game", and gets dragons. And somehow ends up ruling all the savages that she should be too different/alien to, to accomplish such a feat. But it's a common theme in literature and film.It's not a common theme here, because it doesn't happen.  Dany spends several months/a year with the khalasar before she's completely comfortable, and it's not like she just takes over when Drogo dies.  She is left with the old, the sick, the weak and infirm.  It's not like she "gets dragons and rules the savages."I understand there are nits to pick with aspects of the story, but I feel you're trying to create a lot of something out of nothing here.
1365	SUNLITLORDRAUL	2011-04-18	MINDLIKEWARP its pretty clear that Dany was raped, or would have been raped in the book. I think you are little bit off your rocket here pal, she was sold, as a sexual being. The Dorthraki are savages in the book, they loot and pillage their way across the world. And they are darker skinned. So why any complaints? Thats what makes the books so interesting that Dany is sold to some dark skinned savage that rapes her, call it what you want, it is rape at the begining. She just tries to enjoy it. But if it against your will, it is still rape my friend. So for television it was fine. I actually don't think they showed the Dorthraki being savage enough. They are not good guys or even really admirable in the books, they rape all the women they come accross, and are blood thirsty beastly people. So the show had it spot on.
1366	Valmy	2011-04-18	The lighter skinned person is always a born ruler, cunning player of the "game", and gets dragons. And somehow ends up ruling all the savages that she should be too different/alien to, to accomplish such a feat. But it's a common theme in literature and film.Um you read the books and you know the story.  You know darn well only a tiny group of the body guards Drogo assigned her and the old and the young and the sick decide to stay with her.  So why say she 'somehow' ends up ruling 'all' the 'savages'?  Most of the 'savages' preferred to follow their own leaders.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 18 April 2011 - 10:46 AM.
1367	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	"Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it is basically like she's going to take control of all the non-whites to make an army to take over Westeros. And don't say anything about those cultures being portrayed from her perspective. That's an even bigger point, the entire series is portrayed from the view of the people with lighter skin. Which no matter how they end up understanding them they are still an alien culture, a side story in the grander scheme of things.
And she comes and takes control of them, learns their customs and ways easily and rules them. Avatar, and other movies received similar criticisms."
Come on, be real. She is going to take control over all the non-whites. And they will always be alien, considering they are viewed through the eyes of someone who doesn't understand them fully. She is learning their cultures fairly easily, which I'm certain we wouldn't see them learn her culture with near the ease. And they are clearly a side story, they aren't without POVs for a reason. The criticisms Avatar and other movies have received in this regard has "some" validity. It's not a big deal, but it was nice to see Martin make them less savage than we normally see the darker skinned portrayed. The rape erased that rarity.
1368	GoTreviews	2011-04-18	It don't bother me, with magic coming at a cost and all, but that's not in the book is it? Or did I miss some vital paragraph?No you'e right, it's not. This is a signal for non-reading viewers... piling the bodies around sends a quick, strong "Black Magic!" signal, which helps connect with the whole "Zombie" theme, that is really being pushed in the Show's prologue.Zombies are mainstream, easy to understand... Portraying the Others as they are in the books would have been way harder... and much riskier.
1369	Carldog	2011-04-18	I don't understand the LOVE for the opening credits.  It looked like something out of Robots.  I think a fly-over of the map with standard detailing would have been better.  
As for the episode: its all a fan could ask for.
1370	Easy	2011-04-18	They got so much right with the first episode that I can overlook the few irks (Dany sex scene, Others looking like scruffy predators)
Otherwise, 'twas awesome. Arya's and Jaime's portrayals stood out for me.
Arya's food headshot on Sansa (haha), Jaime's little exchange with Ned, Jaime's armour...great touches.
					
					
							Edited by Easy, 18 April 2011 - 10:48 AM.
1371	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	It's not a common theme here, because it doesn't happen.  Dany spends several months/a year with the khalasar before she's completely comfortable, and it's not like she just takes over when Drogo dies.  She is left with the old, the sick, the weak and infirm.  It's not like she "gets dragons and rules the savages."I understand there are nits to pick with aspects of the story, but I feel you're trying to create a lot of something out of nothing here.A year to learn a culture completely foreign. I doubt the Dothraki would be shown to be able to learn her culture as easily. She is ruling them now, and I think it was pretty easy. A year is not a long time. But I admit I am nitpicking the rape. I just thought the book did it better, and different from the standard.
1372	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-04-18	I agree with the earlier comment about Dinklage sounding a bit "Shakespearean".  He hasn't quite gotten the knack of speaking with an accent and making it sound natural.
The different opinions about Cat's portrayal are kind of funny -- almost mirror the huge arguments here about her as a character.  Those who defended her, like me, probably liked her performance and portrayal a lot more than those who didn't.  She should have been a bit better looking, but close enough.
Thought Jaime, Cersei, and the kids all were really good.  Addy, Bean, the Targaeryens, etc., all good as well.
I actually thought the Danys/Drogo scenes were fine.  For all the claims of "rape", arranged marriages were extremely common in the RL, and you could probably argue that many of the wedding nights really constituted "rape" if you use modern definitions.  I actually don't think the "yes" is all that important in the larger picture given that she basically retreated from that subsequently.  It's be too hard to explain her "yes", while still showing that she wasn't all that happy with him for quite awhile.  Leaving it out makes it easier to portray the reality over what she was feeling in the context of trying to bring the books to screen.
1373	SUNLITLORDRAUL	2011-04-18	"Not that there is anything wrong with that, but it is basically like she's going to take control of all the non-whites to make an army to take over Westeros. And don't say anything about those cultures being portrayed from her perspective. That's an even bigger point, the entire series is portrayed from the view of the people with lighter skin. Which no matter how they end up understanding them they are still an alien culture, a side story in the grander scheme of things.And she comes and takes control of them, learns their customs and ways easily and rules them. Avatar, and other movies received similar criticisms."Come on, be real. She is going to take control over all the non-whites. And they will always be alien, considering they are viewed through the eyes of someone who doesn't understand them fully. She is learning their cultures fairly easily, which I'm certain we wouldn't see them learn her culture with near the ease. And they are clearly a side story, they aren't without POVs for a reason. The criticisms Avatar and other movies have received in this regard has "some" validity. It's not a big deal, but it was nice to see Martin make them less savage than we normally see the darker skinned portrayed. The rape erased that rarity. Where you are wrong here is that Dany and all of the Targaryans are almost other worldly in the books with their connections to the dragons. They considered the people in Westeros to be beneath them, so to try and use a traditional white, non-white approach is lame. They are magical beings, that must keep their blood-lines pure. That is what they thought. So it makes sense, that she would rule over the non-whites and whites because she is able to harness dragons. Quit being a hippy and realize this is fantasy and she is not just some white girl, she is of an old bloodline, a magical one.
1374	GoTreviews	2011-04-18	She is ruling them now, and I think it was pretty easy.Sacrifice of her unborn, murder of her husband, the loss of her people, jumping in a freaking fire, coming out with three dragons: Your definition of "pretty easy" is "pretty interesting" /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1375	Valmy	2011-04-18	I doubt the Dothraki would be shown to be able to learn her culture as easily.Why not?  If the story was a Dothraki Princess being married to the King of Westeros do you think they would make her a drooling fool?
1376	Balefont	2011-04-18	Well, obviousy we aren't going to convince you, Mind Warp, that there is no racial corrollary here.  It would totally ruin my enjoyment of the series - book and tv - if I tried to apply anything from our world to Martin's world.  The whole point, to me, is escapism.  YMMV
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 18 April 2011 - 10:51 AM.
1377	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	MINDLIKEWARP its pretty clear that Dany was raped, or would have been raped in the book. I think you are little bit off your rocket here pal, she was sold, as a sexual being. The Dorthraki are savages in the book, they loot and pillage their way across the world. And they are darker skinned. So why any complaints? Thats what makes the books so interesting that Dany is sold to some dark skinned savage that rapes her, call it what you want, it is rape at the begining. She just tries to enjoy it. But if it against your will, it is still rape my friend. So for television it was fine. I actually don't think they showed the Dorthraki being savage enough. They are not good guys or even really admirable in the books, they rape all the women they come accross, and are blood thirsty beastly people. So the show had it spot on.I don't think she was raped, and I can't say she would have been. She knew she was being sold as a sexual being, as many women in the world are. But I don't think of any of them as rape. And Dany's was not different, when Drogo let her choose. I highly doubt Ned would have forced himself on Catelyn if she didn't want to do it. Nor any or the other arranged marriages. The Dothraki are savages in the books, but Drogo showed a different light when he DIDN'T rape her. Showing they varied as much as any peoples. Considering their Alpha male showed a Westerosi consideration for the women on the first night.
1378	Balefont	2011-04-18	A year to learn a culture completely foreign. I doubt the Dothraki would be shown to be able to learn her culture as easily. She is ruling them now, and I think it was pretty easy. A year is not a long time. But I admit I am nitpicking the rape. I just thought the book did it better, and different from the standard.It's not that the Dothraki couldn't learn her culture.  It's just their attitude of why the fuck would they want to.
1379	awesome possum	2011-04-18	A year to learn a culture completely foreign. I doubt the Dothraki would be shown to be able to learn her culture as easily.Doesn't Drogo make the effort to learn her language?  As for her culture, what culture?  She's been a traveling vagabond her entire life.  All she knows of "her" culture she learned from her insane brother.  She is Westerosi, yes, but she never lived a day in that land so why is it her culture?  Besides the house with the red door, the Dothraki plains is her real first home.  Her first real culture.  She is ruling them now, and I think it was pretty easy.Ruling who now?  The Dothraki?  No, she's not.  A year is not a long time.A million years is not a long time, when you sit it next to a trillion years.  But I admit I am nitpicking the rape. I just thought the book did it better, and different from the standard.As I said earlier in the thread, we don't get a hundred pages of Dany's inner-monologue.  We'll need some type of signifier to know that she's growing as a woman and as Khaleesi and a major part of that will be how she tames Drogo from the savage to her Sun and Stars.
1380	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Sacrifice of her unborn, murder of her husband, the loss of her people, jumping in a freaking fire, coming out with three dragons: Your definition of "pretty easy" is "pretty interesting" /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />She amasses an army in a year. Most people couldn't do that with an infinite amount of time let alone in a year.
1381	Balefont	2011-04-18	Considering their Alpha male showed a Westerosi consideration for the women on the first night.And how would he even know what "Westerosi consideration" is?  And, let's face it, how considerate is Westerosi style?
1382	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	It's not that the Dothraki couldn't learn her culture.  It's just their attitude of why the fuck would they want to.I agree. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> And they aren't forced to and maybe if they were they would do it as easy, but they wouldn't be able to attain power in that culture as she has in theirs.
1383	Balefont	2011-04-18	She amasses an army in a year. Most people couldn't do that with an infinite amount of time let alone in a year.Because she has fucking Dragons and then Unsullied.  One was a freak happening and the other she "bought" but then used her dragons to get.  Hardly the 'conquering' of a brown skinned savage people.
1384	Mandiric	2011-04-18	It was wonderful. Pretty much everything I thought it would be, and I was already expecting a lot. I think they did an excellent job of capturing the essence of the story without feeling the need to copy it slavishly -- gives me hope for future seasons when they'll probably have to make more radical departures from the text. 
I really could not have asked for much more. I have been waiting years for this and it did not disappoint.
1385	Balefont	2011-04-18	I agree. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> And they aren't forced to and maybe if they were they would do it as easy, but they wouldn't be able to attain power in that culture as she has in theirs.She was married into a high place.  It's not like she started as a lowly soldier and rose on merit.
1386	ZombieWife	2011-04-18	I'm starting to really really crave another "nitpicking" thread.
The utter pettiness going on in some of these posts is making me want to avoid these threads entirely.  I try to scroll past known griefers, but ugh.  Some of us are so excited only to come here and read:
Catelyn is ugly
and old
and plain
Lysa is too ugly
So and so is upset that a non-issue detail like the color of a thread in one blanket that is shown for 0.5 seconds isn't the VERY EXACT COLOR they thought.
That blade of grass isn't up to my expectation.
Good grief.
I think Catelyn's awesome.  I think she's lovely.    George said the actress who plays Lysa blew them all away during her audition.
					
					
							Edited by ZombieWife, 18 April 2011 - 11:29 AM.
1387	Balefont	2011-04-18	It was wonderful. Pretty much everything I thought it would be, and I was already expecting a lot. I think they did an excellent job of capturing the essence of the story without feeling the need to copy it slavishly -- gives me hope for future seasons when they'll probably have to make more radical departures from the text. I really could not have asked for much more. I have been waiting years for this and it did not disappoint.< tackles >Mandiric!!!  Shit but it's great to see all you old people again. < creepy internet hug >
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 18 April 2011 - 11:00 AM.
1388	Raskolnikov	2011-04-18	Argh 21 pages.
Anyway, I liked the font.
1389	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	And how would he even know what "Westerosi consideration" is?  And, let's face it, how considerate is Westerosi style?I'm pretty sure we can conclude that most of them wouldn't rape their wimpering wife on the first night. I don't feel that most of them would do that. Maybe they would, but from what I read, I didn't get the idea, that even though most of the men are highly sexually charged, they would rape their crying wife on the first night that didn't want to do it. The women would be probably not feel that way but if they did I see the Westerosi men giving them their time. There are surely exceptions, but most wouldn't. That alone might cause problems between houses later down the line. Imagine if Cersei didn't want to the first night and Robert forced it on her. Jaime probably would've already killed him.
1390	alguien	2011-04-18	I agree with the earlier comment about Dinklage sounding a bit "Shakespearean".  He hasn't quite gotten the knack of speaking with an accent and making it sound natural.The different opinions about Cat's portrayal are kind of funny -- almost mirror the huge arguments here about her as a character.  Those who defended her, like me, probably liked her performance and portrayal a lot more than those who didn't.  She should have been a bit better looking, but close enough.Thought Jaime, Cersei, and the kids all were really good.  Addy, Bean, the Targaeryens, etc., all good as well.I actually thought the Danys/Drogo scenes were fine.  For all the claims of "rape", arranged marriages were extremely common in the RL, and you could probably argue that many of the wedding nights really constituted "rape" if you use modern definitions.  I actually don't think the "yes" is all that important in the larger picture given that she basically retreated from that subsequently.  It's be too hard to explain her "yes", while still showing that she wasn't all that happy with him for quite awhile.  Leaving it out makes it easier to portray the reality over what she was feeling in the context of trying to bring the books to screen.Agree with all this 100%.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1391	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	She was married into a high place.  It's not like she started as a lowly soldier and rose on merit.I like you, putting me in my place. True. She is the "queen". But I don't see Westeros letting a ,still foreign to them, not quite accustomed to their customs, strange looking, only married to the King for a short while, little girl rule them.
1392	Isabella Stark	2011-04-18	A few thoughts (trying to point out new things):
- I know they've been aged up to 17, but I think Robb and Jon shouldn't have so much facial hair yet.
- Apparently, I have a strong picture of Jon as having straight hair. Still getting used to Kit Harrington's appearance, but he's doing a great job.
- They need to pimp out Robb to the teenage girl audience more (along with Jon). Then, after the Red Wedding, so much heartbreak!
- All my non-reader friends, male and female, really enjoyed it and want to see more.
- One non-reader friend on Bran's fate: "Gee, I really thought he was going to be a major character." /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
- I think Summer should have been howling and freaking out more when Bran started climbing the castle wall.
- I really liked some of the segues between Pentos and Westeros.  I particularly liked how they went from the scene where Dany objects to her arranged marriage to Sansa begging for hers.
Overall, I'm really happy with it.  Almost across the board, I think the casting was great.  Looking forward to next week.
1393	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Basically I didn't like the rape and its impact on how the Dothraki are viewed. I felt the book did a better job, and left the Dothraki with some aspects of morality that we as the readers could relate to.
I should've let the rape go, but it really did make me appreciate Martin's deviation from the standard way alien peoples are portrayed.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 11:10 AM.
1394	GoTreviews	2011-04-18	@MindLike: I have a hard time getting how the whole "SHE HAS FREAKING DRAGONS" argument could be lost on anyone, so I'll let you rant on your own there /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />The whole point, to me, is escapism.This, on the other hand, I find fascinating. There's a huge amount of Fantasy work that is done... how could I put this nicely... well, that is nothing more than "mindless escapism". In my point of view, the ability of ASOIF books to raise question about the human being is what makes them so great. Is what makes them literature.While I do understand sights such as The Wall, King's Landing, etc are fascinating by themselves, I'm pretty sure they'd be lost on me, if it weren't for this incredibly credible (yes that's pretty terrible, sorry) human story. The vengeance, the fear, the grudges... it's  all so well done...I mean, it works. Wether they're in another world, space, time, what happens between these characters is human. And that's a part of what makes it so good... So I can understand the fascination of dreamed worlds, but I don't think this is all of what we're being shown here.edit cause that went way too fast: I entirely agree with your last post. I didn't feel great about that scene either. But I think in terms of pace, it'll make more sense and will be easier to understand, if the love story is to grow over time.
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 18 April 2011 - 11:11 AM.
1395	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	It was wonderful. Pretty much everything I thought it would be, and I was already expecting a lot. I think they did an excellent job of capturing the essence of the story without feeling the need to copy it slavishly -- gives me hope for future seasons when they'll probably have to make more radical departures from the text. I really could not have asked for much more. I have been waiting years for this and it did not disappoint.Holy shit! The prodigal poet returns!!!! I love seeing all the oldtimers come out of the woodwork. Makes up for all the new people and their nitpicking. /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />ETA: I should have known Bale would be all over that first. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 18 April 2011 - 11:12 AM.
1396	spikebrennan	2011-04-18	A few random observations (I generally liked the first episode, but don't want to repeat a lot of the same comments that others have already made).
- In the prologue, it wasn't made clear that wights (i.e., reanimated dead bodies) and White Walkers are two different things.  The fact that both of them have bright blue eyes reinforces this.
- Not sure how much I like the soundtrack.  The main theme during the title sort of reminded me of video game music.  I'll see if it grows on me.  I don't even remember the rest of the soundtrack.
- Flies all over the dead stag's face and tongue.  Nice touch.
- I didn't think that Dinklage's accent was entirely convincing.
- It was a bit odd that the Lannister sigil was so much more prevalent at Robert's arrival parade than the Baratheon one.
- A feather for Lyanna.  Hmm.  Wonder what that was about.
- It was not very obvious that the heart tree is actually inside the castle of Winterfell (unless you deduce this from seeing the red tree in the establishing shot of Winterfell).  An aerial shot could have helped make it clear that Winterfell is so big that there is a whole forest, including the pond and the tree, within the castle walls.
- I like how Cersei tries, a little bit, to be gracious-- but can't help herself and keeps saying extremely condescending things.  
- I found it very difficult to understand the lines delivered by Rory McCann (Sandor) when he spoke.  It may have helped if they had used a tighter two-shot of him and Dinklage, rather than a wider shot of them that was taken from farther away.
- My wife wondered about Benjen attending the feast.  If Will was executed as a deserter for leaving the Wall, then why did Benjen get to go.  It could have been made clearer that Benjen had been granted temporary leave, as it were, to attend his brother's event.
-  "It's from the Eyrie".  The what?  A few more words could have explained that the Eyrie was Jon Arryn's seat of power.  Speaking of which, we know that both Robert and Ned loved Jon Arryn, but it isn't explained that they grew up together in Jon Arryn's care.
- There were a few one-shots of Jory, but no explanation (or even a suggestion) of who he was or what he was doing there.
- I liked the fact that the lines in Dokrathi were completely unsubtitled or translated.  This helped reinforce the fact that Dany had no real idea what was going on.
- When Dany was led to the white horse, it wasn't really that clear that the horse was Drogo's gift to her.
1397	Xenophon	2011-04-18	And how would he even know what "Westerosi consideration" is?  And, let's face it, how considerate is Westerosi style?Wait, I never got the sense he was treating her according to Westerosi or Valyrian standards.  I always figured Drogo's waiting for her to say yes was either a part of Dothraki culture or just something about him.  After all, she is his Khalessi(?) now, and there are plenty of signs that noble women are treated better by the Dothraki (the whole council of former Khal's wives, the fact that Dany is immediately given guards that are personally loyal to her, not just her husband, that she is able to give orders in the field).
1398	Brewmaster	2011-04-18	Also, does anyone think that people who have never read the books might have a hard time telling the difference between the actors who play rob and snow? My dad was pretty confused because he thinks they look too similar. Them looking similar is a plus in my book as it reinforces that Jon has the Stark look.For those that haven't read the book it won't be an issue. Starting next episode, Jon and Robb will never be in the same place together again.
1399	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Wait, I never got the sense he was treating her according to Westerosi or Valyrian standards.  I always figured Drogo's waiting for her to say yes was either a part of Dothraki culture or just something about him.  After all, she is his Khalessi(?) now, and there are plenty of signs that noble women are treated better by the Dothraki (the whole council of former Khal's wives, the fact that Dany is immediately given guards that are personally loyal to her, not just her husband, that she is able to give orders in the field).I didn't mean he was treating her like a Westerosi, but rather that the fact that he didn't rape her was positive. The same way Westerosi men not raping their crying wives on the first night is positive. Not that he did it to be Westerosi, but rather he happened to share a positive trait with the Westerosi in that regard. I saw it as part of Dothraki culture as well, and I saw it as a positive for their culture, and felt taking it out affected their portrayal greatly.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 11:36 AM.
1400	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	Sandor's not the second largest guy in Westeros. He's not even 7' tall. Hodor's taller, the Greatjon and Smalljon probably are, and who knows how many others. He's a big guy, certainly... but so is Rory McCann, who is taller than all the other actors on the show except for Conan Stevens (Gregor) and Kristian Nairn (Hodor).Lady Olenna's guards Left and Right are taller as well.That being said, I have read all 15 pages of this topic so far. I haven't seen anyone else mention that HBO left out the scene from the book where Bran and Tommen practice fight.  I feel like its a key scene that sets a lot of the events A Game Of Thrones in motion.  Now that Bran has been pushed out the window he won't be practicing sword-fighting with Tommen.I know I mentioned it.  Sad, but *shrug*.She amasses an army in a year. Most people couldn't do that with an infinite amount of time let alone in a year.Most people don't have three dragons.  Most people here noticed that.  'cept one.The thing that bugs me the most about Dany/Drogo is that the truly life-changing event - her getting her silver.  Here is a girl who has never had a single thing of her own, has spent her entire life dodging her cruel brother AND the knives of the Usurper and his dogs.  Now she gets a horse that bonds with her almost instinctively (proto-warging?) and rides like one born to it.  She earns a bit of respect from her Khal.  So when she goes into her private session with Drogo, she has a whole new mindset.While WE may think she was raped, we know SHE does not.  Because we are inside her head.  GRRM tells us what she is thinking.Shorn of the context of the transformative event of her bonding with her silver, it makes even less sense.  But I think it worked in that context.  She isn't thinking about the thousands of eyes of the Khalasar.  She isn't thinking of the consequences of her arranged/forced marriage.  You might be, but she does not think of any of these things.  We are inside her head.  We know.This would have made for difficult television.  But I think an attempt was due.  Even if her filly isn't actually silver.  The instinctive bonding with the horse is essential to her character development.
1401	fallingfortruth	2011-04-18	Imagine if Cersei didn't want to the first night and Robert forced it on her. Jaime probably would've already killed him.Um. Unless I am vastly mis-remembering, that is basically exactly what Robert did on their wedding night. Cersei had never had a lover that wasn't Jamie and was horrified, disgusted, and miserable. The only reason that Jamie didn't try to kill him was that 1. Robert Baratheon was one of the best toe to toe fighters in the Kingdom, and Jamie was still quite young and not yet come into his own fully and 2. it would basically throw the entire Kingdom into yet another bloody, awful civil war.Ned and Catelyn didn't really have all that much enthusiasm for each other at first either, since she was originally betrothed to his older brother and only married him after the heir was, you know. Brutally murdered. She mentions in one of her POV chapters that they "came to love one another" but it definitely doesn't sound like they were super excited to consummate their marriage, which is one of the reasons that Jon Snow stings Cat so much- She has no problem imagining Ned finding solace in the arms of another woman.Marriage in this period was a business contract that wasn't complete until the marriage was consummated, the actual feelings of the people directly involved were only of secondary importance. If they were lucky.
1402	awesome possum	2011-04-18	The same way Westerosi men not raping their crying wives on the first night is positiveOh, you mean like Tyrion was expected to do to Sansa on their wedding night?Your argument fails, my friend.
1403	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	Oh, you mean like Tyrion was expected to do to Sansa on their wedding night?Your argument fails, my friend.Exactly. A marriage is not a true marriage unless consummated in Westerosi culture, and it matters not what the woman wants.
1404	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Um. Unless I am vastly mis-remembering, that is basically exactly what Robert did on their wedding night. Cersei had never had a lover that wasn't Jamie and was horrified, disgusted, and miserable. The only reason that Jamie didn't try to kill him was that 1. Robert Baratheon was one of the best toe to toe fighters in the Kingdom, and Jamie was still quite young and not yet come into his own fully and 2. it would basically throw the entire Kingdom into yet another bloody, awful civil war.Ned and Catelyn didn't really have all that much enthusiasm for each other at first either, since she was originally betrothed to his older brother and only married him after the heir was, you know. Brutally murdered. She mentions in one of her POV chapters that they "came to love one another" but it definitely doesn't sound like they were super excited to consummate their marriage, which is one of the reasons that Jon Snow stings Cat so much- She has no problem imagining Ned finding solace in the arms of another woman.Marriage in this period was a business contract that wasn't complete until the marriage was consummated, the actual feelings of the people directly involved were only of secondary importance. If they were lucky.I agree, but those women, though not really wanting to, didn't outright object. Dany clearly, on the show, didn't want to...at all. Cat and Cersei were willing to do their duties. Had they objected and cried, I doubt they would have been forced. Cersei wasn't forced, sure she was disgusted and didn't want to but she didn't make that known. She was more like a prostitute, doing it because she had to, but certainly not saying no and objecting wholeheartedly. Dany didn't want to be married and didn't want to fulfill her "duty" on the show. In the book she did, well not the married part but the fulfill the duty after the marriage part. Big difference IMO.
1405	Balefont	2011-04-18	I like you, putting me in my place.As the Board's resident ninja, it's always a pleasure. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />True. She is the "queen". But I don't see Westeros letting a ,still foreign to them, not quite accustomed to their customs, strange looking, only married to the King for a short while, little girl rule them.That's why almost the entire khalessar leaves her to follow their own male leaders.
1406	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Oh, you mean like Tyrion was expected to do to Sansa on their wedding night?Your argument fails, my friend.And they didn't do it. That is my point Westerosi men wouldn't do it if the girl objected and cried. Most of the women just accept it, but for those who don't, I doubt it would be forced on them. Sansa and Tyrion's situation is evidence of that.
1407	spikebrennan	2011-04-18	...Robert and Cersei...Ned and Catelyn didn't really have all that much enthusiasm for each other at first either...Marriage in this period was a business contract that wasn't complete until the marriage was consummated, the actual feelings of the people directly involved were only of secondary importance. If they were lucky.One of the aspects of Dany's marriage to Drogo that the show took great pains to point out is that Dany and Drogo don't even have a common language.  As uncomfortable as Robert and Cersei's arranged marriage, and Ned and Catelyn's marriage (at first) were, at least they could talk to each other.Not only had Dany only met Drogo earlier that same day (apparently), but the only things she knew about him were:- He's huge- He enjoys violence- He watches approvingly as a man kills another man in front of her
					
					
							Edited by spikebrennan, 18 April 2011 - 11:35 AM.
1408	Balefont	2011-04-18	This, on the other hand, I find fascinating. There's a huge amount of Fantasy work that is done... how could I put this nicely... well, that is nothing more than "mindless escapism". In my point of view, the ability of ASOIF books to raise question about the human being is what makes them so great. Is what makes them literature.Ah, but I did not say I like mindless escapism.  To me, escapism is leaving this world, and all or as many of its trappings, behind. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1409	Valmy	2011-04-18	I always thought the bedding also sounded horrible from a male perspective (thought not as much) especially as it is an arranged marriage so you might not even be attracted to her...and then you have to perform that night and if you do not the shame will follow you your entire life.  Talk about pressure.
					
					
							Edited by Valmy, 18 April 2011 - 11:34 AM.
1410	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	As the Board's resident ninja, it's always a pleasure. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />That's why almost the entire khalessar leaves her to follow their own male leaders.In Westeros, she would have been killed. Or held hostage and used to claim a right to something. At least she was left in the position of "queen". With some power. She wouldn't have had any power of the sort in Westeros. Unless she took a page out of Cersei's book, and used her "assets" to her advantage. She still had some power without doing that. Power is power, and for her to have any is so-so.
1411	gumby	2011-04-18	One scene that was done kinda cheesy was the Ned/Cat/Luewin scene.  Cat over one shoulder saying 'don't go'. Luewin over the other shoulder saying 'do go'.  Almost a literal angle/devil on the shoulder scene, much like the literal standing at the cross roads in Castaway.
The only thing I really didn't like (which I mentioned in another thread) was there was absolutely ZERO Baratheon banners, the entire entourage including the Kingsgaurd had Lannister banners.
1412	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	Overall I think I let it get too hyped in my head to properly enjoy it. That and I probably shouldn't have started rereading A Game of Thrones so close to the show's premiere.
What I didn't like:
- Not into the Cersei casting at all. Not nearly as beautiful (or voluptuous) as I had pictured in my head
- Many of the characters are aged a bit too much (Rob, Jon, even Dany), but that's not a huge surprise
- The Dothraki wedding wasn't done well at all in my opinion. In the book, there is a near orgy occurring before the two men get into a deadly skirmish. Here the men were dry-humping a girl with their pants on?! I don't need to see close up private part shots, but killing each other over a little dry-humping?
What I liked:
- The scenery. Beautiful
- The intro sequence. Very well done.
- Casting for Ned, Arya, Tyrion.
- Not afraid to show some boobies or keep in some of the more edgy lines (Viserys telling Dany he'd let the whole army and their horses have her too if need be)
7/10. Hopefully, like the book, as the plot progresses the action and character interplay will become more engaging.
1413	Valmy	2011-04-18	The only thing I really didn't like (which I mentioned in another thread) was there was absolutely ZERO Baratheon banners, the entire entourage including the Kingsgaurd had Lannister banners.I thought it was just a failure of camera work since the only two banners I saw were being carried by red cloaks.  I figured there were Baratheon banners just I did not see them.  I also would have liked to see Joff wearing the Lion-Stag arms.
1414	awesome possum	2011-04-18	And they didn't do it. That is my point Westerosi men wouldn't do it if the girl objected and cried. Most of the women just accept it, but for those who don't, I doubt it would be forced on them. Sansa and Tyrion's situation is evidence of that.Sansa and Tyrions' situation is evidence that Tyrion is a good guy.  I doubt Fake Arya will be able to tell a similarly happy story after her wedding night with Ramsey Bolton.
1415	Faint	2011-04-18	I've never had such a strange time watching a show.  I spent much of it wondering whether non-readers would like it so that it could be renewed and continued into the future.  As might be expected, this turned out to be a hopeless endeavor since I could never really imagine what someone uninitiated with the books would make of the story.  
On a different note, was anyone as impressed with Lena Headey as I was?
I went into the series thinking she would be terrible given the other roles I had seen her in and I ended up thinking she was the best thing about the episode.  Obviously, this is only after one episode, but I might end up liking her better than the character from the book, which is quite something since Cersei is probably my favorite.  At the very least, I think I'll start imagining Cersei with Lena Headey's face which is not typical with me -- I tend to retain my own image of characters from books even after a television or film adaptation has been made.
1416	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	And they didn't do it. That is my point Westerosi men wouldn't do it if the girl objected and cried. Most of the women just accept it, but for those who don't, I doubt it would be forced on them. Sansa and Tyrion's situation is evidence of that.That scene was written so that Tyrion stood out, not that he did anything normal. Not taking your bride means that the wedding isn't consummated so it's definitely to think that everyone does so and that some might have to endure it less than willingly.The Dany and Drogo scene wasn't even remotely as disturbing as I thought when some people described it before the premiere. Drogo did what is required of the ritual of marriage but he was still fairly gentle. We saw during the wedding how a Dothraki generally does; just taking a woman. If someone makes the argument that the wedding night was what set a bad tone for the Dothraki that person must have slept through the rest of the wedding, and missed to read the book.
1417	Valmy	2011-04-18	Sansa and Tyrions' situation is evidence that Tyrion is a good guy.  I doubt Fake Arya will be able to tell a similarly happy story after her wedding night with Ramsey Bolton.I think most Westerosi men would have done their duty, even if unenthusiastically..  See the humiliation Tyrion endures.
1418	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Lady Olenna's guards Left and Right are taller as well.I know I mentioned it.  Sad, but *shrug*.Most people don't have three dragons.  Most people here noticed that.  'cept one.The thing that bugs me the most about Dany/Drogo is that the truly life-changing event - her getting her silver.  Here is a girl who has never had a single thing of her own, has spent her entire life dodging her cruel brother AND the knives of the Usurper and his dogs.  Now she gets a horse that bonds with her almost instinctively (proto-warging?) and rides like one born to it.  She earns a bit of respect from her Khal.  So when she goes into her private session with Drogo, she has a whole new mindset.While WE may think she was raped, we know SHE does not.  Because we are inside her head.  GRRM tells us what she is thinking.Shorn of the context of the transformative event of her bonding with her silver, it makes even less sense.  But I think it worked in that context.  She isn't thinking about the thousands of eyes of the Khalasar.  She isn't thinking of the consequences of her arranged/forced marriage.  You might be, but she does not think of any of these things.  We are inside her head.  We know.This would have made for difficult television.  But I think an attempt was due.  Even if her filly isn't actually silver.  The instinctive bonding with the horse is essential to her character development.If I am understanding your dragon comment right, you are saying she gets to be special because of the dragons?Her having dragons shouldn't change the fact that she is different. When the Targaryens first arrived in Westeros, they were opposed despite the dragons and despite being different. But the Dothraki have to somehow be enamored with it? Dragons born from eggs someone else gave her? hmm. Thanks for pointing out that she wasn't raped and that is a big point.
1419	aeu	2011-04-18	And they didn't do it. That is my point Westerosi men wouldn't do it if the girl objected and cried. Most of the women just accept it, but for those who don't, I doubt it would be forced on them. Sansa and Tyrion's situation is evidence of that.This is all backwards. Sansa didn't even object. And Tyrion didn't do it because he is Tyrion, closest thing we have to a hero in this series. His actions say nothing about the Westrosi men in general.The Westrosi culture demanded Tyrion to do it, regardless of what Sansa thought, as evidenced by Tywin's insistent nagging.
1420	Valmy	2011-04-18	This is all backwards. Sansa didn't even object.Heh Sansa has that awesome way of saying '*&%^ you' while saying and doing all the right things.  Tyrion knew she hated his family and him and the situation.
1421	reiver	2011-04-18	The only thing I really didn't like (which I mentioned in another thread) was there was absolutely ZERO Baratheon banners, the entire entourage including the Kingsgaurd had Lannister banners.Which did lose the sybolism of the stag killing the direwolf that i assumed wwould have been prominent. Especially as they seemed to spend more time on that than the book.
1422	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Sansa and Tyrions' situation is evidence that Tyrion is a good guy.  I doubt Fake Arya will be able to tell a similarly happy story after her wedding night with Ramsey Bolton.Definitely not, Bolton also isn't a typical Westerosi Lord either. I still think most of them wouldn't rape they're crying unwilling wives. I doubt Jon Arryn would've raped an unwilling Lysa. I doubt Tywin would've raped his unwilling cousin. I doubt even that Bronn would've raped an unwilling Lollys. The women would eventually come to terms with their duty and half heartedly, but willingly consummated. They wouldn't have been forced.
1423	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	re Dany/DrogoTo me Dany's wedding night scene (in the book) was noteworthy not so much for her evolving into some lusty sex kitten all of a sudden, but more for her decision to play her part and get with the Targaryen restoration program. She dosen't like it much (despite less than completely brutal behaviour from Drogo) and she dosen't want it to happen, but she's loyal to Viserys, Third of his Name, and she's going to do what he told her and please the Khal. Its 'yes' as a political act. (OTOH, its probably more realistic. But the original was more interesting, if morally more conflicting.)
1424	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	This is all backwards. Sansa didn't even object. And Tyrion didn't do it because he is Tyrion, closest thing we have to a hero in this series. His actions say nothing about the Westrosi men in general.The Westrosi culture demanded Tyrion to do it, regardless of what Sansa thought, as evidenced by Tywin's insistent nagging.Westerosi culture does demand it, and maybe that is why most women don't object or cry and do it as a duty. But those that have a hard time with it, probably most likely girls married young and/or to older men, I think aren't raped but rather given time. Especially the young girls.
1425	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	She dosen't like it much (despite less than completely brutal behaviour from Drogo) and she dosen't want it to happen, but she's loyal to Viserys, Third of his Name, and she's going to do what he told her and please the Khal. Its 'yes' as a political act. (OTOH, its probably more realistic. But the original was more interesting, if morally more conflicting.)But in the book she progressively seems to get more into it, culminating with her saying "Yes" in response to Drogo's repeated Nos, and in guiding his finger into her wetness.
1426	fallingfortruth	2011-04-18	Dany didn't want to be married and didn't want to fulfill her "duty" on the show. In the book she did, well not the married part but the fulfill the duty after the marriage part. Big difference IMO.This is actually where I think that the intent of the original scene in the books comes through on screen... Drogo obviously knows that Dany doesn't really want to be there, and doesn't have any effective way to communicate that to her because of the language/culture barrier. But he tries to dry her tears, carefully takes off her dress rather than ripping it off, touches her like you would a nervous horse (the hand on her chin/shoulder) and pushes her down as gently as someone that big can when it's obvious that she isn't going to do it herself.  She isn't running away from her duty, she's just miserable and unable to keep from showing it, which is pretty significant when contrasted with her blankness around Viserys.  (Which I adore, because it goes a long way to making it clear that there is something Very Not Right about the two of them near one another.)She was unhappy, but she stayed, and Drogo did everything he could within his means to make the business transaction less terrible, but I think it would be wildly unrealistic to pretend that a little bit of foreplay would have made the situation anything less than totally fucked up.  I'm looking forward to her really understanding that her Silver is hers, beginning to learn Dothraki, and learning from another woman that her body can be her own as well, rather than just a tool and bargaining chip for the men who control her destiny.Emilia Clarke is a wonder in this role, and I can't wait to see how she goes from here to The Mother of Dragons.
1427	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	But in the book she progressively seems to get more into it, culminating with her saying "Yes" in response to Drogo's repeated Nos, and in guiding his finger into her wetness.Which you know because you can read her mind when reading the book. In the show it might just look strange and it would definitely lower he message of how frightened she is about marrying Drogo and everything that's now in her future.If Drogo wanted he could have just taken her like the Dothraki take their women. He didn't so they definitely left a part of his tenderness, without losing the most important message.
1428	Balefont	2011-04-18	I agree, but those women, though not really wanting to, didn't outright object.How could they object?  They would dishonor their House at the very least.  They could cause a feud or even a war at the very worst.
1429	The Sand Snake	2011-04-18	Just got to say that I really liked the episode. It was well thought out and I liked some of the casting that I didnt think I would.  When I saw the trailors I thought the guy playing Jaime was just..un jaime like. However now I think he was great.  The "things I do for love" line came off perfectly.
But on a more important note...my roomates fucking loved it.  None of them have read the books, are into fantasy, or any of that. They all already think the show is awesome and cant wait for the next episode.  I think thats the most important thing. I knew I'd like it...theres just no way they could screw it up enough for me to not like it, but the fact that they thought it rocked says something. One of them bought a game of thrones today. Another thinks he might want to borrow my copy.  HBO is doing all of us on this board a huge favor.
1430	Balefont	2011-04-18	In Westeros, she would have been killed. Or held hostage and used to claim a right to something. At least she was left in the position of "queen". With some power. She wouldn't have had any power of the sort in Westeros. Unless she took a page out of Cersei's book, and used her "assets" to her advantage. She still had some power without doing that. Power is power, and for her to have any is so-so.And of course, I disgaree.  She wasn't killed because she wasn't a threat; it wasn't worth being lowered to do that.  She was only a leader to the remains of Drogo's khalessar because the people had no one else to follow and would have followed anyone who stood up to lead for them.
1431	Balefont	2011-04-18	If I am understanding your dragon comment right, you are saying she gets to be special because of the dragons?Her having dragons shouldn't change the fact that she is different.Holy fuck, srsly?
1432	Bronn Stone	2011-04-18	If I am understanding your dragon comment right, you are saying she gets to be special because of the dragons?Her having dragons shouldn't change the fact that she is different. When the Targaryens first arrived in Westeros, they were opposed despite the dragons and despite being different. But the Dothraki have to somehow be enamored with it? Dragons born from eggs someone else gave her? hmm. Thanks for pointing out that she wasn't raped and that is a big point.No.  You don't get it.  Her having dragons is the reason she builds an army.  That differentiates her from you, me or any of a million other people.  They follow her BECAUSE of the dragons.  It's in the books.  Her khas are not interested in following her.  They will return her to Vaes Dothrak to live among the crones.  Until the dragons are born.  If you reject this, you reject the entire series - it is at the core of the novels.Yes, Aegon the Conqueror was opposed.  By future corpses.  Other men learned.  Torrhen Stark learned.  King Loren Lannister kneeled.Yes someone gave her the eggs, but only HER magic could unlock them. In the hands of Illyrio Mopatis or anyone else without the blood of the dragon, they were naught but pretty stones.
1433	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	This is actually where I think that the intent of the original scene in the books comes through on screen... Drogo obviously knows that Dany doesn't really want to be there, and doesn't have any effective way to communicate that to her because of the language/culture barrier. But he tries to dry her tears, carefully takes off her dress rather than ripping it off, touches her like you would a nervous horse (the hand on her chin/shoulder) and pushes her down as gently as someone that big can when it's obvious that she isn't going to do it herself.  She isn't running away from her duty, she's just miserable and unable to keep from showing it, which is pretty significant when contrasted with her blankness around Viserys.  (Which I adore, because it goes a long way to making it clear that there is something Very Not Right about the two of them near one another.)She was unhappy, but she stayed, and Drogo did everything he could within his means to make the business transaction less terrible, but I think it would be wildly unrealistic to pretend that a little bit of foreplay would have made the situation anything less than totally fucked up.  I'm looking forward to her really understanding that her Silver is hers, beginning to learn Dothraki, and learning from another woman that her body can be her own as well, rather than just a tool and bargaining chip for the men who control her destiny.Emilia Clarke is a wonder in this role, and I can't wait to see how she goes from here to The Mother of Dragons.But that's not what happened in the books, the original intent of the scene from my perspective is that she was much more willing and Drogo let her make the ultimate decision. Not the touching, but the real thing, baby. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Maybe I need a reread, but I certainly felt like she, in the end, made IT happen. *going to look for books*
1434	Balefont	2011-04-18	re Dany/DrogoTo me Dany's wedding night scene (in the book) was noteworthy not so much for her evolving into some lusty sex kitten all of a sudden, but more for her decision to play her part and get with the Targaryen restoration program. She dosen't like it much (despite less than completely brutal behaviour from Drogo) and she dosen't want it to happen, but she's loyal to Viserys, Third of his Name, and she's going to do what he told her and please the Khal. Its 'yes' as a political act. (OTOH, its probably more realistic. But the original was more interesting, if morally more conflicting.)I can respect that POV.  However, I don't recall Dany thinking of being strong for Viserys' sake while Drogo, in the books, is doing all his calming foreplay.  I think he genuinely turns her on.  One might see this as a horseman calming a skittish mare.  Maybe he was in the mood for a more pliant wife, in the books, than just fucking her like he could any ole Dothraki woman.  In the show, he could be seen as being overly gentle with her vs. any ole Dothraki woman.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 18 April 2011 - 12:20 PM.
1435	alguien	2011-04-18	But on a more important note...my roomates fucking loved it.  None of them have read the books, are into fantasy, or any of that. They all already think the show is awesome and cant wait for the next episode.  I think thats the most important thing.Same thing happened with my group of friends. The two of us who read the books asked the six others what they thought. (casually, casually, so as not to scare them)They all loved it.  They really, REALLY wanted to know what happens next. I'm excited.The only consistent criticism from non-book readers is that they have a bit of a hard time following who's who.  That's legitimate, because there's a boatload of info to take in.  I'm hoping that as the series goes on these things become clearer.  So far I've had to be like loremaster and question-answerer for all my friends.  Some of them have asked some surprisingly astute questions.  I think the show foreshadows things more obviously than the books. Anyway, I've had to play the "if you really want to know--I can tell you, but its better to wait and see" game numerous times today and yesterday.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1436	GoTreviews	2011-04-18	Drogo, in the books, is doing all his calming foreplay. I think he genuinely turns her on. One might see this as a horseman calming a skittish mareAhahahah, oh god, this is so wrong /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I mean, your interpretation is right IMO, but still, the picture of it, the association... just plain wrong, ahah /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 18 April 2011 - 12:24 PM.
1437	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	I can respect that POV.  However, I don't recall Dany thinking of being strong for Viserys' sake while Drogo, in the books, is doing all his calming foreplay.  I think he genuinely turns her on.  One might see this as a horseman calming a skittish mare.  Maybe he was in the mood for a more pliant wife, in the books, than just fucking her like he could any ole Dothraki woman.  In the show, he could be seen as being overly gentle with her vs. any ole Dothraki woman.I really didn't think the scene looked gentle, compared to the more sensual scene in the book. Even with that though, my imagination dosen't strech to Dany really enjoying herself there - its more an acceptance of her role (Like someone's been arguing, much like most women in westerosi political marriages) personally, but also politicaly. I do think GRRM might have been going for more eroticism on Danys part in the book than I can see there though. (Drogo was also more interesting in the book. Letting her unbraid his hair, for example.)
1438	The Sand Snake	2011-04-18	The only consistent criticism from non-book readers is that they have a bit of a hard time following who's who.  That's legitimate, because there's a boatload of info to take in.  I'm hoping that as the series goes on these things become clearer.  So far I've had to be like loremaster and question-answerer for all my friends.  Some of them have asked some surprisingly astute questions.  I think the show foreshadows things more obviously than the books. Anyway, I've had to play the "if you really want to know--I can tell you, but its better to wait and see" game numerous times today and yesterday.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Yeah I agree completely. Some characters were only introduced by name once or twice and I had to keep saying thats Jaime, hes the queens brother, ect. I've tried to not give away anything yet.  All I'll tell them is that someone important dies...I wont say who.  The biggest thing they were talking about was if Bran was going to die or not.  Most of them are convinced he's going to wake up, say what happened, and die.  I'm not confirming or denying haha
1439	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	No.  You don't get it.  Her having dragons is the reason she builds an army.  That differentiates her from you, me or any of a million other people.  They follow her BECAUSE of the dragons.  It's in the books.  Her khas are not interested in following her.  They will return her to Vaes Dothrak to live among the crones.  Until the dragons are born.  If you reject this, you reject the entire series - it is at the core of the novels.Yes, Aegon the Conqueror was opposed.  By future corpses.  Other men learned.  Torrhen Stark learned.  King Loren Lannister kneeled.Yes someone gave her the eggs, but only HER magic could unlock them. In the hands of Illyrio Mopatis or anyone else without the blood of the dragon, they were naught but pretty stones.See I thought your " 'cept one " comment was being snarky to me because of the race stuff I said earlier. So I was trying to say that she shouldn't be special to them, the same way that a Dothraki wouldn't be special in Westeros, certainly not special enough to make the people see her as some messiah figure. I get that she unlocked the eggs, but the Westerosi wouldn't be as enamored on first encounter, and wouldn't be enamored now, whereas the Dothraki are. Which going with what I was saying about race, showed the ease at which the savages followed the lighter skinned person. I know she is special, but was pointing out that the Westerosi, other lighter skinned people, weren't. I was kinda being snarky there and trying to show how the Dothraki were moved by something Westerosi weren't, were, and weren't again afraid of. But of course the savages are, but didn't neccesarily have to be.
1440	Balefont	2011-04-18	I really didn't think the scene looked gentle, compared to the more sensual scene in the book. Even with that though, my imagination dosen't strech to Dany really enjoying herself there - its more an acceptance of her role (Like someone's been arguing, much like most women in westerosi political marriages) personally, but also politicaly. I do think GRRM might have been going for more eroticism on Danys part in the book than I can see there though. (Drogo was also more interesting in the book. Letting her unbraid his hair, for example.)Again, I can see and respect this POV.  And had they stayed absolutely true to the book, the scene would have taken a lot more time, imo, than others have implied.  And it would have made the starting point of Dany's arc start on shaky ground whereas the liberties taken by the show draw a much clearer line.In the tv episode, all we have to compare intercourse within the Dothraki culture is the crude humping of the women at the wedding vs. Drogo's relativey less crude taking of Dany.  And again, I don't think, for the show, giving that back and forth of Drogo's treatment of Dany, sexually, and her response to said treatement would translate as easily to the screen as it does in the books when aided with Dany's thoughts on the page for us.
1441	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-04-18	I am going to hold judgement until I see the extent of the Dothraki story line.  The books portray them very positively so I expect the show to do that as well.That's funny, because I never thought the book portray them positively, I've always hated the Dothraki, in the same way I hate the Ironborn, they never make anything, all they know is to take and kill and destroy. I have no use for either of those cultures.
1442	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	I really didn't think the scene looked gentle, compared to the more sensual scene in the book. Even with that though, my imagination dosen't strech to Dany really enjoying herself there - its more an acceptance of her role (Like someone's been arguing, much like most women in westerosi political marriages) personally, but also politicaly. I do think GRRM might have been going for more eroticism on Danys part in the book than I can see there though. (Drogo was also more interesting in the book. Letting her unbraid his hair, for example.)Compare it to what the Dothraki do during the wedding and it's quite hard to say that Drogo did it the normal Dothraki way. They certainly do play on Dany being afraid though because they do need to tell that story strongly because the most important thing is to show Dany going from the timid, scared girl into Khaleesi and mother of dragons. That's what that storyline is primarily about in the first book. They have plenty of time to let the relationship between her and Drogo grow like it does in the book but in the first episode they need to set all the foundations for such things to grow on.As for Drogo being less interesting, I'd probably say that about every character because they don't have enough time to say everything the book says about any character.
1443	Chairman7w	2011-04-18	I was seriously underwhelmed by the opening sequence & credits.
People had talked about it being so awesome, I think it was built up too much.
Nothing wrong with it (sigils notwithstanding), it wasn't horrible or anything, but I was NOT blown away.
1444	Eponine	2011-04-18	Dany/Drogo: I think that for TV, the unwilling but not violent sex was the way to go. 
It portrays the idea that Dany is resigned to her marriage but just can't hold back tears because she's terrified and has been misused her entire life, while Drogo wouldn't even consider that they wouldn't consummate the marriage but tries to be gentle (compared to how other Dothraki just grab a woman and bend her over during the festivities, at least).
The alternative, that Dany starts to get turned on and gives consent, especially without being able to see her thoughts, I think could come across as if you buy that thirteen year old a nice enough gift and act kind to her, she'll get all wet for you. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> It would probably end up coming out as the kind of rape fantasy where the woman was put in a coercive situation (what's more coercive than being sold to be married against your will?) but it turned out that she loved the sex once it started. 
I don't really want to get into whether the book has these undertones, basically the point is that once you have the situation of a child (even if she's aged up in the show) being sold into marriage against her will, there's not going to be a magic solution that makes the subsequent sex make everything wonderful and sunshine and flowers about what just happened.
1445	Xenophon	2011-04-18	I was seriously underwhelmed by the opening sequence & credits.People had talked about it being so awesome, I think it was built up too much.Nothing wrong with it (sigils notwithstanding), it wasn't horrible or anything, but I was NOT blown away.Agreed.  It was nice, but I had expected better, given the rave reviews.  Also, I couldn't read the name of the city across the sea (Pentos, IIRC).I think it probably is more impressive when you watch 6 episodes in a row (like the reviewers did).  Then you really see how it helps situate the action in a subtle way.
1446	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	I have to say the way they did the Jaime/Cersei sex scene was strong. Watching it again, it seems slighty slightly over the top. I don't think he needed to thrust as many times as he did, especially since it is his sister. Seeing it again, I admit a little gross factor. It was pretty hardcore.
1447	Kalbear	2011-04-18	I have to say the way they did the Jaime/Cersei sex scene was strong. Watching it again, it seems slighty slightly over the top. I don't think he needed to thrust as many times as he did, especially since it is his sister. Seeing it again, I admit a little gross factor. It was pretty hardcore.Yeah, Jaime really only should have to thrust 3, perhaps 4 times at the most.
1448	Eponine	2011-04-18	Things I loved:
  - Viserys, absolutely perfect. I prefer his subtle sort of delusional and self-centeredness more than straight out psycho physical abuser. 
  - The Wall, even though we don't see it for long, it has that "I wish I were there" factor
  - Bran, is just adorable and I'm not usually a huge fan of child actors. Joffrey is properly wonderfully unlikable.
  - Cersei and Jaime, both do a good job of capturing arrogance and smugness. 
Things I didn't love or want to nitpick:
  - No one has said much about the cinematography. Something about it bothered both me and my boyfriend, I think the way that most of the background was HD and overfocused. You could really see it in the scene where Dany, Viserys and Illyrio are walking through the garden, and the bush on the left side is in as much focus as the actors. It makes the settings feel less real to me and look more staged. This is seriously my biggest complaint so far.
  - The Other's glowy eyes. Cheesy. But there's still plenty of time to improve them before they reappear. I think most of the prologue changes from the book were negative, although I understand cutting down the length.
  - Tyrion. This isn't a criticism, and in the book, he doesn't really start to have a large part until later - his conversation with Jon and the library is the only place he's seen in the beginning. So I understand the need to have extra introduction. I was just hoping to feel more of an affinity for him. Not a problem though. 
  - Arya. I just don't like precocious children. The actress did a good job. I'm meh about Catelyn's and Robb's characters and Sansa's appearance.
  - Jaime/Cersei doggy style. I could swear that I read in a later book that they always faced each other (because they're narcissistic). In the book, when Bran gasps, they're kissing and Jaime has his hand between Cercei's legs. I'd have rather seen their relationship portrayed more romantically, since both characters have this "only other person I could ever love" air about them (at least before book 4).
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 18 April 2011 - 01:19 PM.
1449	NW Deserter	2011-04-18	Yeah, Jaime really only should have to thrust 3, perhaps 4 times at the most. /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1450	Balefont	2011-04-18	Dany/Drogo: I think that for TV, the unwilling but not violent sex was the way to go. It portrays the idea that Dany is resigned to her marriage but just can't hold back tears because she's terrified and has been misused her entire life, while Drogo wouldn't even consider that they wouldn't consummate the marriage but tries to be gentle (compared to how other Dothraki just grab a woman and bend her over during the festivities, at least).The alternative, that Dany starts to get turned on and gives consent, especially without being able to see her thoughts, I think could come across as if you buy that thirteen year old a nice enough gift and act kind to her, she'll get all wet for you. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> It would probably end up coming out as the kind of rape fantasy where the woman was put in a coercive situation (what's more coercive than being sold to be married against your will?) but it turned out that she loved the sex once it started. I don't really want to get into whether the book has these undertones, basically the point is that once you have the situation of a child (even if she's aged up in the show) being sold into marriage against her will, there's not going to be a magic solution that makes the subsequent sex make everything wonderful and sunshine and flowers about what just happened.Excellent post, Ep, and not just because I completely agree with it. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1451	Analu	2011-04-18	About the prologue-scenes; what's up with the wildling's bodies alined in a circle, with severed torsos lined in the middle?It don't bother me, with magic coming at a cost and all, but that's not in the book is it? Or did I miss some vital paragraph?I'd like to know what the significance of the circle is, too. I don't think it was in the books. My wife and sisters asked me what it meant, since I'm the self-proclaimed fantasy geek expert in the family, and I tried to be all mysterious and said "You'll see", but I had no freaking idea. I also thought the Dothrakis would look like Mongols or Huns, but they just looked like a mixed plate of a bunch of different races. No real defining physical feature/trait that I could see.And if I forgot to mention it in my first post, Maester Luwin was awesome (or whoever that guy was with the ends of his mustache tied under his chin). I may have forgotten his name. Catelyn's guardian.
1452	Former Lord of Winterfell	2011-04-18	Dany/Drogo: I think that for TV, the unwilling but not violent sex was the way to go. It portrays the idea that Dany is resigned to her marriage but just can't hold back tears because she's terrified and has been misused her entire life, while Drogo wouldn't even consider that they wouldn't consummate the marriage but tries to be gentle (compared to how other Dothraki just grab a woman and bend her over during the festivities, at least).The alternative, that Dany starts to get turned on and gives consent, especially without being able to see her thoughts, I think could come across as if you buy that thirteen year old a nice enough gift and act kind to her, she'll get all wet for you. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> It would probably end up coming out as the kind of rape fantasy where the woman was put in a coercive situation (what's more coercive than being sold to be married against your will?) but it turned out that she loved the sex once it started. I don't really want to get into whether the book has these undertones, basically the point is that once you have the situation of a child (even if she's aged up in the show) being sold into marriage against her will, there's not going to be a magic solution that makes the subsequent sex make everything wonderful and sunshine and flowers about what just happened.Yup -- well said.
1453	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	Long time reader, first time poster. It took some five years of lurking and an episode of the show to actually get around to registering for an account...Loved: The Unsullied, although one of them was cracking a smile behind Illyrio when he stands up as Dany leaves the dais to follow Drogo. The turning gears during the title sequence. That drove home the machinations that are in play in every House. Wheels within wheels within wheels. Also, that's some quality theme music. Who's a cute widdle direwolf? Who's a cutie pie? You are! Yes, you are, yes, you are! Bran's fall directly into the camera. Man, I hope Summer got out of the way in time. Joffrey. Oh, did I ever want to punch him. I don't want to wait for his comeuppance; let's move that to season 1, thanks.Didn't love: The size of Drogo and Dany's wedding. I've seen more people in line at the DMV. I wanted the khalasar, forty thousand strong! It made Drogo seem more petty and puny than he should have been. Theon not being mentioned by name. Jon and Robb and Theon tended to blur together when not viewed head-on. Good that he's got a bit more prominence in the next episode. The lack of the Others. Correct me if I'm wrong here, but it looked like we just saw the wights risen from the corpses of the slain, and not an actual Other yet ... but the deserter did mumble about the White Walkers, so I suppose the beers last night were catching up with me.
1454	Eponine	2011-04-18	[*] The lack of the Others. Correct me if I'm wrong here, but it looked like we just saw the wights risen from the corpses of the slain, and not an actual Other yet ... but the deserter did mumble about the White Walkers, so I suppose the beers last night were catching up with me.[/list]The blue eyed thing that comes up behind Ser Waymer is supposed to be one of the Others. Yeah, I know.
1455	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	The lack of the Others. Correct me if I'm wrong here, but it looked like we just saw the wights risen from the corpses of the slain, and not an actual Other yet ... but the deserter did mumble about the White Walkers, so I suppose the beers last night were catching up with me.It was an Other (White Walker) that slew Waymar and Gared.  Will also saw a wight (the dead girl that turned around with the bright blue eyes).
1456	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Yeah, Jaime really only should have to thrust 3, perhaps 4 times at the most.Thank you. Actually I change my mind. It's irrelevant. He should have just thrusted her for the entire hour, instead of showing something else from the book that got cut. Show some sigils, Jon commanding Ghost, someone's direwolf under the table licking their human's hand. Nah! It was perfectly fine, and I should've never shared how the amount could have been less and still made the point. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1457	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	And if I forgot to mention it in my first post, Maester Luwin was awesome (or whoever that guy was with the ends of his mustache tied under his chin). I may have forgotten his name. Catelyn's guardian.That's Ser Rodrik Cassel, Winterfell's Master-at-Arms. Maester Luwin is the old scholar.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 April 2011 - 01:28 PM.
1458	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	It was an Other (White Walker) that slew Waymar and Gared.  Will also saw a wight (the dead girl that turned around with the bright blue eyes).Yeah, I figured. I just wanted to lie to myself and say that the real Others were still waiting to be shown.Still, Will, when you see a formerly dead girl standing in the snow and staring at you with eyes that turn an icy blue, you run. You run like hell and don't stop until Ned cuts your head off.
1459	Kalbear	2011-04-18	You really wanted to see the dogs licking fingers? That was more important to you than the Jaime/Cersei scene? The point of the thrusting was to show  surprise. You first hear the sex, and you think "ooh, Bran's caught someone!" and then you see Jaime - after he was all holier than thou to Tyrion, and you're thinking - uh oh, I bet he's doing something bad. And then you see the Queen. If you cut right from Bran catching them to her looking up, the surprise and gotcha moment is gone. Because - and I know this will come as a surprise to you - some people would actually not be expecting the brother and sister to be fucking each other. I know! It's madness. But yet, some people actually don't expect incest. So that reveal is pretty crazy to those who haven't read the book.Which means you need suspense, and time, and that actually means that yes - you need to have a bit of thrusting going on. Mind you, it wasn't realistic - because Jaime's so skilled, awesome and dreamy he should have been able to finish and goad Cersei to multiple climaxes with just one thrust - but they had to take some liberties with it.You do understand that scenes need to, ya know, actually make a narrative sense, right?
1460	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Didn't love: The size of Drogo and Dany's wedding. I've seen more people in line at the DMV. I wanted the khalasar, forty thousand strong! It made Drogo seem more petty and puny than he should have been. Theon not being mentioned by name. Jon and Robb and Theon tended to blur together when not viewed head-on. Good that he's got a bit more prominence in the next episode. The lack of the Others. Correct me if I'm wrong here, but it looked like we just saw the wights risen from the corpses of the slain, and not an actual Other yet ... but the deserter did mumble about the White Walkers, so I suppose the beers last night were catching up with me.1. I think we all would have liked that but unfortunately it's not really possible with a TV budget. They at least talk about how many soldiers Drogo has.2. I see what you mean but it was probably a good choice. I think people have trouble remembering the names as it is so it's probably smart to spread it out and Theon isn't immediately important.3. Already taken care of but yes, those were the Others and the sounds you heard were their speech.
1461	awesome possum	2011-04-18	I just wanted to agree that Harry Lloyd is outstanding as Viserys.  Just the small things he did perfectly conveyed the character.  My favorite was when he walks up to Dany after she gets on Silver.  They don't show a close-up, but you can see him grab/pinch her leg and Dany kind of shrinks down in pain at it.  Just a tiny little detail but an important one.  I'd like to know what the significance of the circle is, too. I don't think it was in the books.I believe it was done just to show the "Otherness" of the Others.
1462	aghrivaine	2011-04-18	I swear I've seen the actor who plays Joffrey in something else. What was it? Anyone?
Oh - and odd that the White Walkers were ...well, black.
					
					
							Edited by aghrivaine, 18 April 2011 - 01:35 PM.
1463	awesome possum	2011-04-18	I swear I've seen the actor who plays Joffrey in something else. What was it? Anyone?He was the little boy in Batman Begins that Katie Holmes saves.
1464	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	1. I think we all would have liked that but unfortunately it's not really possible with a TV budget. They at least talk about how many soldiers Drogo has.Computer animation! Or some sort of television magic!If they can create crowds filling arenas in Spartacus: Blood and Sand, then they can fill in the background with a few more horse riders. Perhaps they had to balance the worth of seeing more of a crowd vs. cheesy looking special effects.Come to think of it, Winterfell seemed very cramped and relatively unpopulated as well.
1465	The hairy bear	2011-04-18	I swear I've seen the actor who plays Joffrey in something else. What was it? Anyone?The kid in Batman Begins?
1466	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	I swear I've seen the actor who plays Joffrey in something else. What was it? Anyone?Oh - and odd that the White Walkers were ...well, black.Jack Gleeson played a little kid in "Batman Begins" in the midst of the chaos after the fear agent is released on Gotham.  He was much younger, though, so I don't know if that's what you're referring to.
1467	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	You really wanted to see the dogs licking fingers? That was more important to you than the Jaime/Cersei scene? The point of the thrusting was to show  surprise. You first hear the sex, and you think "ooh, Bran's caught someone!" and then you see Jaime - after he was all holier than thou to Tyrion, and you're thinking - uh oh, I bet he's doing something bad. And then you see the Queen. If you cut right from Bran catching them to her looking up, the surprise and gotcha moment is gone. Because - and I know this will come as a surprise to you - some people would actually not be expecting the brother and sister to be fucking each other. I know! It's madness. But yet, some people actually don't expect incest. So that reveal is pretty crazy to those who haven't read the book.Which means you need suspense, and time, and that actually means that yes - you need to have a bit of thrusting going on. Mind you, it wasn't realistic - because Jaime's so skilled, awesome and dreamy he should have been able to finish and goad Cersei to multiple climaxes with just one thrust - but they had to take some liberties with it.You do understand that scenes need to, ya know, actually make a narrative sense, right?Now the bolded was very funny. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> "...multiple climaxes in one thrust" Classic. But I do actually think they could have cut 3-5 seconds, without losing the same impact, and showed something else. Yes showing a little bonding between a Stark child and their wolf could have done a little for those who have read the series. I know it's nitpicking but I could've got a little more out of a sigil shot. 3 less thrusts would be good. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 01:46 PM.
1468	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	I know! It's madness.Madness? No, it's Winterfell.Computer animation! Or some sort of television magic!Indeed. Heck, I would have been happy with the cardboard cutouts from the throne room at the end of Star Wars. That being said, there has to be a plausible and internally-consistent reason why it was so -- and I'm going with "Dothraki fear that the camera will steal their souls, so the vast majority of them maneuvered to be out of sight in each shot."
1469	Athelstane	2011-04-18	About the Dothraki scene, if you look in the faaaar background, you can make out what seems to be tents and people on the hills beyond.  I guess this was a cheap way of showing the extent of the party or the host or whatever. 
Still disappointed with the scene, though. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1470	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	3 less thrusts would be good. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Personally I would have preferred 3 more!
1471	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	Computer animation! Or some sort of television magic!If they can create crowds filling arenas in Spartacus: Blood and Sand, then they can fill in the background with a few more horse riders. Perhaps they had to balance the worth of seeing more of a crowd vs. cheesy looking special effects.Come to think of it, Winterfell seemed very cramped and relatively unpopulated as well.Yes, it would of course have been CGI but they have quite a lot of other things to spend their money on. The show is much grander than Spartacus and everything has higher production values so I gather that money is something you really have to spend wisely. There's not really any plot point served by that his entire Khalasaar is shown at the wedding either so to me it just feels like one of the things you fill in yourself as a reader of the book. For me it was very obvious not to expect scenes like that to be fully realized as the producers have told us that time and time again in promo material.In short it feels wrong to criticize how something looks unless you also say that too much attention has been given to other scenery.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 April 2011 - 01:52 PM.
1472	Analu	2011-04-18	That's Ser Rodrik Cassel, Winterfell's Master-at-Arms. Maester Luwin is the old scholar.Ah that's right. Thanks, I knew I had the name wrong. Anyways, he looked awesome. I believe it was done just to show the "Otherness" of the Others.The image of these mysterious, otherworldly creatures killing wildings, then dragging them around to form a perfect circle just to show their "Otherness" seems kinda silly to me. But okay, maybe that's all it was. I thought there'd be more to it, I guess.
1473	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	mod hat:
Sex is a fascinating subject and all, but lets keep it at least slightly out of the gutter. 
/mod hat.
1474	Tears of Lys	2011-04-18	Who's a cute widdle direwolf? Who's a cutie pie? You are! Yes, you are, yes, you are!/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  Who's Mama's baby doggy?   You are!  Yes, you are!     /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />It'll be interesting to see how they depict the warging part.  (Doggy raises ears and tilts head and listens intently - Say it with me... AD-DOR-A-BLE!!)I loved the episode, of course.   I can quibble with very little of it.  Oh, sure, if you threaten to burn me at the stake while Melisandre circles me and chants, I could probably find something, but all in all, I'd say a good, solid episode.
1475	Faint	2011-04-18	I'm in agreement that the scene between Cersei and Jaime needed to be as extended as it was.  It allows time for unknowing viewers to process the big surprise coming up.  If they just showed Cersei's face from the start that would have ruined the moment.  It should also be noted that they chose the sexual position they did for the same reason as well -- so that it wouldn't be immediately clear that the woman Jaime was having sex with was his sister.
1476	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	mod hat:Sex is a fascinating subject and all, but lets keep it at least slightly out of the gutter. /mod hat.Sorry. I just really felt it could have had the same impact with less action shown, and something else could have been shown. But I admit I could have phrased it better. And that scene, upon reflection, was a little in the gutter IMO.
1477	TerraPrime	2011-04-18	Re: FLoWEh. I like Cat in the books. I think she's one of the better characters, and certainly one of my favorites. I just don't see that Cat in the first episode. The Cat in the books has ambition, and political acumen. I don't see evidence of that in the first episode. Instead, she's a much more stereotypical woman with concerns only for her family, and she sort of acts as the no-no person to Ned (e.g. "Must you do this?"  "Should Bran see this?" "No the King must not take you."). In the books, Cat was anticipatory, and somewhat excited, to have Sansa in the King's court. Here she's just sad that her daughter is leaving her. That's just not the Cat that I know and love from the books. Re: MindLikeWarpBasically I didn't like the rape and its impact on how the Dothraki are viewed.The Dothraki I know from the books is pretty much accurately portrayed in the TV series so far. They rape the people they conquer and treat them as chattel. So, I don't know what romanticized version of the Dothraki culture you got in your head.
1478	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2011-04-18	Okay, I might be wrong here, but isn't Cersei supposed to want Jaime to push bran down, while Jaime is doubtful? Doesn't Jaime later ponder upon if the boy could've been scared to silence instead, or was it vice versa? 
In the scene it seemed like Cersei didn't want Jaime to push Bran, do you understand what I mean?  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
1479	howland_reed	2011-04-18	I'm in agreement that the scene between Cersei and Jaime needed to be as extended as it was.  It allows time for unknowing viewers to process the big surprise coming up.  If they just showed Cersei's face from the start that would have ruined the moment.  It should also be noted that they chose the sexual position they did for the same reason as well -- so that it wouldn't be immediately clear that the woman Jaime was having sex with was his sister.Actually, I'm almost positive they showed Cersei getting rammed doggy-style cause when they filmed the pilot, she was still pregnant, and that was a body-double.
1480	Xenophon	2011-04-18	Re. Drogo's wedding.  I also thought it was absurdly puny.  The worst was when he leads her to the horse, and you could see the crowd was about 2 deep.  If at least 3 deaths is traditional, then the guests' odds of surviving that wedding were not high.
I wonder if the first version they shot in Morocco looked better.  Perhaps they blew through a lot of their budget for the scene there, so they had to economize in the second version.
1481	Triskan	2011-04-18	Yeah, Jaime really only should have to thrust 3, perhaps 4 times at the most./rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />Wit and brevity, my friends.  These are our best weapons against the fl00b.
1482	gumby	2011-04-18	Okay, I might be wrong here, but isn't Cersei supposed to want Jaime to push bran down, while Jaime is doubtful? Doesn't Jaime later ponder upon if the boy could've been scared to silence instead, or was it vice versa? In the scene it seemed like Cersei didn't want Jaime to push Bran, do you understand what I mean?  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />She never asks or implies that she wants Bran pushed out the window.  Jaime just does it.
1483	Eugene V. Debspalm	2011-04-18	In the books, Cat was anticipatory, and somewhat excited, to have Sansa in the King's court. Here she's just sad that her daughter is leaving her. That's just not the Cat that I know and love from the books. I agree about Cat's character, but its really nice to get that scene of her with Sansa. Thats something really missing from the books, though she thinks back to brushing Sansa's hair. Sansa isn't much like imagined her, actually - she's (bear with me) not naive enough. Book!Sansa is a genteel starry eyed romantic, tv!Sansa is a flirty teenager annoyed that mom won't let her hang out with boys after curfew. And she wants a cellphone.
1484	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	Okay, I might be wrong here, but isn't Cersei supposed to want Jaime to push bran down, while Jaime is doubtful? Doesn't Jaime later ponder upon if the boy could've been scared to silence instead, or was it vice versa? In the scene it seemed like Cersei didn't want Jaime to push Bran, do you understand what I mean?  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Â<U+0093>He saw us,Â<U+0094> the woman said shrilly.Â<U+0093>So he did,Â<U+0094> the man said.BranÂ<U+0092>s fingers started to slip. He grabbed the ledge with his other hand. Fingernails dug into unyielding stone. The man reached down. Â<U+0093>Take my hand,Â<U+0094> he said. Â<U+0093>Before you fall.Â<U+0094>Bran seized his arm and held on tight with all his strength. The man yanked him up to the ledge. Â<U+0093>What are you doing?Â<U+0094> the woman demanded.The man ignored her. He was very strong. He stood Bran up on the sill. Â<U+0093>How old are you, boy?Â<U+0094>Â<U+0093>Seven,Â<U+0094> Bran said, shaking with relief. His fingers had dug deep gouges in the manÂ<U+0092>s forearm. He let go sheepishly.The man looked over at the woman. Â<U+0093>The things I do for love,Â<U+0094> he said with loathing. He gave Bran a shove.
1485	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Re: FLoWEh. I like Cat in the books. I think she's one of the better characters, and certainly one of my favorites. I just don't see that Cat in the first episode. The Cat in the books has ambition, and political acumen. I don't see evidence of that in the first episode. Instead, she's a much more stereotypical woman with concerns only for her family, and she sort of acts as the no-no person to Ned (e.g. "Must you do this?"  "Should Bran see this?" "No the King must not take you."). In the books, Cat was anticipatory, and somewhat excited, to have Sansa in the King's court. Here she's just sad that her daughter is leaving her. That's just not the Cat that I know and love from the books. Re: MindLikeWarpThe Dothraki I know from the books is pretty much accurately portrayed in the TV series so far. They rape the people they conquer and treat them as chattel. So, I don't know what romanticized version of the Dothraki culture you got in your head.But their Alpha Male didn't in the book. Are they really raping their own women? I always thought of it as the women being a part of it and wanting the men to fight for the right...to...party. Also it showed a different view toward someone like Dany who they didn't conquer, but was offered as a gift of allegiance. I just thought the fact that he didn't, despite what else was seen, showed there was more to them. A positive. Of course there were plenty of negatives, but at least the leader wasn't a "full blown" savage. It softened the whole Dothraki when I read it, not making them all romanticized but far less savage, than the typical literary savages, which before that they seemed fully to be.
1486	Mya Stone	2011-04-18	Okay, I might be wrong here, but isn't Cersei supposed to want Jaime to push bran down, while Jaime is doubtful? Doesn't Jaime later ponder upon if the boy could've been scared to silence instead, or was it vice versa? In the scene it seemed like Cersei didn't want Jaime to push Bran, do you understand what I mean?  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />You're not wrong. Cersei was more than freaked out by Bran seeing them. In the book, Jaime had saved Bran was falling initially, and then...eh, gave in, and let go (with a little shove). I always heard "The things I do for love" in my head as something with a twinge of regret. But NCW's delivery of "The things I do for love" was so perfectly arrogant, and flippant, and just...matter of fact. I loved it. And it changed my feelings on the scene in the book. (Because really, who thought that Bran would actually live from that fall? I mean character-wise, not reader-wise.)
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 18 April 2011 - 02:08 PM.
1487	awesome possum	2011-04-18	It's been a while since I reread GoT, but does Drogo have the entire horde with him at the wedding?  I thought it took place fairly close to Pentos and as a show of "respect" he only traveled with a small contingent (meaning he was paid handsomely to keep the horde away)?
1488	Balefont	2011-04-18	Re: FLoWEh. I like Cat in the books. I think she's one of the better characters, and certainly one of my favorites. I just don't see that Cat in the first episode. The Cat in the books has ambition, and political acumen. I don't see evidence of that in the first episode. Instead, she's a much more stereotypical woman with concerns only for her family, and she sort of acts as the no-no person to Ned (e.g. "Must you do this?"  "Should Bran see this?" "No the King must not take you."). In the books, Cat was anticipatory, and somewhat excited, to have Sansa in the King's court. Here she's just sad that her daughter is leaving her. That's just not the Cat that I know and love from the books.It's going to be tough considering how much of Cat's calculation occurs in her inner monologue and only really shows through expression and the chances when she's able to verbally express herself in the show.Re: MindLikeWarpThe Dothraki I know from the books is pretty much accurately portrayed in the TV series so far. They rape the people they conquer and treat them as chattel. So, I don't know what romanticized version of the Dothraki culture you got in your head.They're not romanticized - they are symbolic for black American slaves.  Der, Terra.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 18 April 2011 - 02:20 PM.
1489	ser_nerdick	2011-04-18	It's been a while since I reread GoT, but does Drogo have the entire horde with him at the wedding?  I thought it took place fairly close to Pentos and as a show of "respect" he only traveled with a small contingent (meaning he was paid handsomely to keep the horde away)?No, he brought all 40,000 or something. Because it is mentioned that the townspeople of Pentos were getting nervous about having so many camped outside of their walls and were spending extra money on security.
1490	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	It's been a while since I reread GoT, but does Drogo have the entire horde with him at the wedding?  I thought it took place fairly close to Pentos and as a show of "respect" he only traveled with a small contingent (meaning he was paid handsomely to keep the horde away)?Daenerys Targaryen wed Khal Drogo with fear and barbaric splendor in a field beyond the walls of Pentos, for the Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a manÂ<U+0092>s life must be done beneath the open sky.Drogo had called his khalasar to attend him and they had come, forty thousand Dothraki warriors and uncounted numbers of women, children, and slaves. Outside the city walls they camped with their vast herds, raising palaces of woven grass, eating everything in sight, and making the good folk of Pentos more anxious with every passing day....The ceremony began at dawn and continued until dusk, an endless day of drinking and feasting and fighting. A mighty earthen ramp had been raised amid the grass palaces, and there Dany was seated beside Khal Drogo, above the seething sea of Dothraki. She had never seen so many people in one place, nor people so strange and frightening....Dany had never felt so alone as she did seated in the midst of that vast horde.I'm not trying to drive the issue home about how small the wedding was on television- I'm okay with it, honest!- but just offering the source material as to just what sort of teeming masses these bridal guests were. (And I'll bet none of them sat at their assigned tables, either. Barbarians and their lack of wedding etiquette...)
1491	Axon	2011-04-18	But their Alpha Male didn't in the book. Are they really raping their own women? I always thought of it as the women being a part of it and wanting the men to fight for the right...to...party. Also it showed a different view toward someone like Dany who they didn't conquer, but was offered as a gift of allegiance. I just thought the fact that he didn't, despite what else was seen, showed there was more to them. A positive. Of course there were plenty of negatives, but at least the leader wasn't a "full blown" savage. It softened the whole Dothraki when I read it, not making them all romanticized but far less savage, than the typical literary savages, which before that they seemed fully to be.They are, they're with it, and the women in the first episode seemed to be well in line with that ideal.  And I agree with your second point as well - the initial love scene with Dany shows the half-way normal, decent guy in Drogo, who up to then had been a silent and entirely imposing figure. The rest is collateral damage - the Dothraki make a living robbin' and stealin', and it's not really portrayed as good or bad, just a fact of life.
1492	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	The establishing shot of the reception does show the Dothraki stretching out into the countryside, suggesting that Drogo brought the whole khalassar with him, though I definitely agree that in the subsequent scenes, the budget seams showed a little (as they did in the rather obvious greenscreen of Bran's first climbing scene).  To me that's minor quibble, and didn't really damage the scene as a whole, which was more about Dany's fear and the alien and savage nature of the people she was being forced into.  Not the strongest scene of the pilot but not the weakest.
I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.
1493	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	It's going to be tough considering how much of Cat' calculation occurs in her inner monologue and only really shows through expression and the chances when she's able to verbally express herself in the show.They're not romanticized - they are symbolic for black American slaves.  Der, Terra.I would say they are symbolic of everyone that isn't white.  Mongols, Arabs, Africans, etc. Foreign, strange, alien. Black slaves, I don't see it, because they aren't slaves and actually have power unlike the slaves.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 02:16 PM.
1494	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2011-04-18	Â<U+0093>He saw us,Â<U+0094> the woman said shrilly.Â<U+0093>So he did,Â<U+0094> the man said.BranÂ<U+0092>s fingers started to slip. He grabbed the ledge with his other hand. Fingernails dug into unyielding stone. The man reached down. Â<U+0093>Take my hand,Â<U+0094> he said. Â<U+0093>Before you fall.Â<U+0094>Bran seized his arm and held on tight with all his strength. The man yanked him up to the ledge. Â<U+0093>What are you doing?Â<U+0094> the woman demanded.The man ignored her. He was very strong. He stood Bran up on the sill. Â<U+0093>How old are you, boy?Â<U+0094>Â<U+0093>Seven,Â<U+0094> Bran said, shaking with relief. His fingers had dug deep gouges in the manÂ<U+0092>s forearm. He let go sheepishly.The man looked over at the woman. Â<U+0093>The things I do for love,Â<U+0094> he said with loathing. He gave Bran a shove.To clarify: it wasn't in that chapter he (or she) pondered upon it, it was in a different chapter and even book (3 or 4 I think).
1495	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	To clarify: it wasn't in that chapter he (or she) pondered upon it, it was in a different chapter and even book (3 or 4 I think).In Book 3 it's mentioned in a Jaime POV that Cersei had given Jaime no end of grief for having thrown Bran from the window, that she believed they would be able to scare him into silence:If truth be told, Jaime had come to rue heaving Brandon Stark out that window. Cersei had given him no end of grief afterward, when the boy refused to die. "He was seven, Jaime," sheÂ<U+0092>d berated him. "Even if he understood what he saw, we should have been able to frighten him into silence."
1496	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	They are, they're with it, and the women in the first episode seemed to be well in line with that ideal.  And I agree with your second point as well - the initial love scene with Dany shows the half-way normal, decent guy in Drogo, who up to then had been a silent and entirely imposing figure. The rest is collateral damage - the Dothraki make a living robbin' and stealin', and it's not really portrayed as good or bad, just a fact of life.That's how I read it. But I could have missed a few things, I haven't read the first book in a while. But that is pretty much how I took it.
1497	lacuna	2011-04-18	Â<U+0093>He saw us,Â<U+0094> the woman said shrilly.Â<U+0093>So he did,Â<U+0094> the man said.BranÂ<U+0092>s fingers started to slip. He grabbed the ledge with his other hand. Fingernails dug into unyielding stone. The man reached down. Â<U+0093>Take my hand,Â<U+0094> he said. Â<U+0093>Before you fall.Â<U+0094>Bran seized his arm and held on tight with all his strength. The man yanked him up to the ledge. Â<U+0093>What are you doing?Â<U+0094> the woman demanded.The man ignored her. He was very strong. He stood Bran up on the sill. Â<U+0093>How old are you, boy?Â<U+0094>Â<U+0093>Seven,Â<U+0094> Bran said, shaking with relief. His fingers had dug deep gouges in the manÂ<U+0092>s forearm. He let go sheepishly.The man looked over at the woman. Â<U+0093>The things I do for love,Â<U+0094> he said with loathing. He gave Bran a shove.And in ACOK, between Tyrion and Cersei:"It was Jaime who threw him from that window, not me. For love, he said, as if that would please me. It was a stupid thing to do, and dangerous besides, but when did our sweet brother ever stop to think?""The boy saw you", Tyrion pointed out."He was a child. I could have scared him into silence."Although Cersei isn't entirely objective here, so...
1498	Sherrit	2011-04-18	It was in ASOS when Jaime mentions the whole Bran pushing (I believe), and Cercei says that she never wanted him to do it.
Cercei wanted to scare Bran into silence and felt bad about the whole thing. Later, I think Jaime feels a little regret as well.
1499	Ser Johan of Pennybridge	2011-04-18	In Book 3 it's mentioned in a Jaime POV that Cersei had given Jaime no end of grief for having thrown Bran from the window, that she believed they would be able to scare him into silence:Thank you, that's what I was looking for!
1500	Spionkop	2011-04-18	And in ACOK, between Tyrion and Cersei:Although Cersei isn't entirely objective here, so...Cersie is lying, she wanted Bran dead, she's a far more callous and selfish person than Jaime.
1501	awesome possum	2011-04-18	Drogo had called his khalasar to attend him and they had come, forty thousand Dothraki warriors and uncounted numbers of women, children, and slaves. Thanks for the clarification!
1502	Ser Greguh	2011-04-18	Cersie is lying, she wanted Bran dead, she's a far more callous and selfish person than Jaime.She's callous and selfish, no doubt, but the reason for her not wanting Bran dead was more pragmatic than any sense of morality worming its way to the surface.  A Bran that has been truly frightened into silence poses no problems for her or her family; a dead Bran brings all sorts of unwelcome attention and questions (of course, the third option, a Bran shoved from a window but that didn't quite die, is the worst possible outcome for her).
1503	Cocomaan	2011-04-18	I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.I saw that too!
1504	Spionkop	2011-04-18	She's callous and selfish, no doubt, but the reason for her not wanting Bran dead was more pragmatic than any sense of morality worming its way to the surface.  A Bran that has been truly frightened into silence poses no problems for her or her family; a dead Bran brings all sorts of unwelcome attention and questions (of course, the third option, a Bran shoved from a window but that didn't quite die, is the worst possible outcome for her).She doesn't plan, the majority of her schemes have been reactions the one time she felt she was in control and Joffery took it away from her along with neds head. She panicked she was scared and she wanted Jaime to push bran out the window, so he did. Everything else after that is her trying to justify her actions self denial. Sorry I'm thinking about this far too deeply here.
1505	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.I agree that it was very well done and it's a shame that there's not more discussion on things like this and that it's instead clouded by less interesting comparisons of details compared to the book. I personally find it more interesting to focus on what the TV medium can give us, rather than what it can't (but we already have since the books exist).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 April 2011 - 02:32 PM.
1506	TerraPrime	2011-04-18	Re: MindlikeWarpAlso it showed a different view toward someone like Dany who they didn't conquer, but was offered as a gift of allegiance. I just thought the fact that he didn't, despite what else was seen, showed there was more to them. A positive. Of course there were plenty of negatives, but at least the leader wasn't a "full blown" savage. It softened the whole Dothraki when I read it, not making them all romanticized but far less savage, than the typical literary savages, which before that they seemed fully to be.I never got the impression from the books that the Dothraki are anything other than the typical conquering horde, a la the Mongols. I never got the impression that they are soft in any way. Certainly, Drogo would be no stranger to taking any conquered women he wanted. That he didn't outright rape his wife (but is there a reasonable doubt that he would not have if Daenerys had continued to resist?) does not make his culture any less savage. YMMV. Re: SpionkopCersie is lying, she wanted Bran dead, she's a far more callous and selfish person than Jaime.My thought on this, as well. Cercei was trying to make herself look good by white-washing her own plans after the fact. What Jaimie did was the right thing to do, for a couple who's cheating on the King and committing incest. If Cercei really had thought that she could have scared Bran into keeping his silence forever then she's even more stupid that I thought.
1507	Lannister? Barely knew 'er	2011-04-18	The establishing shot of the reception does show the Dothraki stretching out into the countryside, suggesting that Drogo brought the whole khalassar with him, though I definitely agree that in the subsequent scenes, the budget seams showed a little (as they did in the rather obvious greenscreen of Bran's first climbing scene).  To me that's minor quibble, and didn't really damage the scene as a whole, which was more about Dany's fear and the alien and savage nature of the people she was being forced into.  Not the strongest scene of the pilot but not the weakest.I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.You're right- I had to rewatch it again just now. There's a brief moment in the upper right corner where you can see several hundred more Dothraki milling around. As you say, minor quibble, but it was one that stood out for me.As for the angel/devil scene - coincidentally it's immediately before the wedding reception. Excellent framing- especially the pan from Cat reminding everyone about Rickard/Brandon to Luwin pointing out it was a different time, different king.
1508	Huan	2011-04-18	- I found it very difficult to understand the lines delivered by Rory McCann (Sandor) when he spoke.  It may have helped if they had used a tighter two-shot of him and Dinklage, rather than a wider shot of them that was taken from farther away.I too wondered why that wasn't a tighter shot. The scene, although brief, helped set up Sandor's feelings about Tyrion, although I couldn't help wondering whether a casual conversation like that would have ever happened given the Hound's contempt for the Imp.
1509	Xenophon	2011-04-18	I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.Yeah, that was some very nice camera work.  Both that the opening sequence did a great job of visually underscoring the larger themes of the show.  They don't need to tell you that moral choices are not clear-cut or that the world is threatened by the dangerous and magical things lurking on its edges because those two shots do such a good job of showing it to the audience.
1510	Arataniello	2011-04-18	Another little minor annoyance was the enormous amount of cloth they piled around the neck to Maester Luwin's robe.  I always pictures the maesters as wearing a simple gray robe, much like the one we see Petyr wearing in the clips we have seen of Littlefinger.  How can people see a maester's chain under all that cloth?!
1511	Kalbear	2011-04-18	She doesn't plan, the majority of her schemes have been reactions the one time she felt she was in control and Joffery took it away from her along with neds head. She panicked she was scared and she wanted Jaime to push bran out the window, so he did. Everything else after that is her trying to justify her actions self denial. I think that's doing Cersei a fairly big disservice. I doubt she cares at all whether Bran dies, but she certainly could have scared Bran (especially at 7, and especially being the queen of the realm). She says this because she's likely done similar things before. She was scared - but she didn't want Jaime to do that. She wanted Jaime to do...something. One of the things I like AFFC least for is the stupidfying of Cersei. I still believe that she didn't get this idiotic until AFFC, and before this she was at least partially competent if not super clever.
1512	MindLikeWarp	2011-04-18	Re: MindlikeWarpI never got the impression from the books that the Dothraki are anything other than the typical conquering horde, a la the Mongols. I never got the impression that they are soft in any way. Certainly, Drogo would be no stranger to taking any conquered women he wanted. That he didn't outright rape his wife (but is there a reasonable doubt that he would not have if Daenerys had continued to resist?) does not make his culture any less savage. YMMV. Re: SpionkopMy thought on this, as well. Cercei was trying to make herself look good by white-washing her own plans after the fact. What Jaimie did was the right thing to do, for a couple who's cheating on the King and committing incest. If Cercei really had thought that she could have scared Bran into keeping his silence forever then she's even more stupid that I thought.But he didn't conquer Dany. Conquered women? Probably. The Westerosi armies would rape women they conquered as well, but they wouldn't outright rape their wives. I think not outright raping his wife did make him and his culture less savage than they initially seemed. It showed there is some respect for some women, same as in Westeros. Wives, noble women? (though Lollys would beg to differ). Smallfolk would probably be raped by a conquering Westerosi army. There is reasonable doubt as to whether he would've forced himself if she continued to resist, but he didn't do it after the initial resistance, so I'm going with he wouldn't have. That's how I took it from the book anyway.
					
					
							Edited by MindLikeWarp, 18 April 2011 - 02:59 PM.
1513	Wulfnor	2011-04-18	I don't really get the credits. They're very pretty, but i'm not sure what they're trying to get at with the - rather un-medieval - gears. Cashing in on the steampunk craze?I think your a bit off base.  The title sequence with the different geared places/cities going up, was meant to illustrate the political machinations that are going on at all levels within the society of the 7 Kingdoms of Westeros.
1514	Huan	2011-04-18	Another little minor annoyance was the enormous amount of cloth they piled around the neck to Maester Luwin's robe.  I always pictures the maesters as wearing a simple gray robe, much like the one we see Petyr wearing in the clips we have seen of Littlefinger.  How can people see a maester's chain under all that cloth?!To me it looked like the chain was really long and went down to around his waist, with large links. Not tight around the neck at all.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 18 April 2011 - 02:55 PM.
1515	Tywin's bastard	2011-04-18	I think that's doing Cersei a fairly big disservice. I doubt she cares at all whether Bran dies, but she certainly could have scared Bran (especially at 7, and especially being the queen of the realm). She says this because she's likely done similar things before. She was scared - but she didn't want Jaime to do that. She wanted Jaime to do...something. One of the things I like AFFC least for is the stupidfying of Cersei. I still believe that she didn't get this idiotic until AFFC, and before this she was at least partially competent if not super clever.I agree with you. She thought there was another way and killing Bran was certainly not a flawless way out. Jaime acted without thinking it through, like he always does.And I also think you are correct in that Cersei gets increasingly paranoid and confused as things go against her. AFFC does a great job of showing someone going down a spiral of madness for fear for her children and so on and there's no reason to believe that spiral hasn't gone on previously. I think the people saying that she's stupid has a pretty simple way of looking at that character.
1516	awesome possum	2011-04-18	One of the things I like AFFC least for is the stupidfying of Cersei. I still believe that she didn't get this idiotic until AFFC, and before this she was at least partially competent if not super clever.I think an argument could be made that it wasn't until AFFC that she really began her decline because she no longer had anyone to rely on.  Her father dead, her son who she saw herself in dead, her glorious brother maimed and disinterested in her, her less glorious brother on the loose and gunning for her (or so she believes), even her steadfast uncle tells her to piss off.  She has lost pretty much every support block she's ever had and is now revealing the spoiled, arrogant, paranoid, stupidly short-sighted woman beneath it all.
					
					
							Edited by awesome possum, 18 April 2011 - 02:58 PM.
1517	Eponine	2011-04-18	I didn't really notice the chains, but my boyfriend said that it looked like there were only five large links - he thought that each maester was supposed to have a fairly significant number of links, so that making just five of them so large was kind of unrealistic.
1518	Kalbear	2011-04-18	think an argument could be made that it wasn't until AFFC that she really began her decline because she no longer had anyone to rely on. Her father dead, her son who she saw herself in dead, her glorious brother maimed and disinterested in her, her less glorious brother on the loose and gunning for her (or so she believes), even her steadfast uncle tells her to piss off. She has lost pretty much every support block she's ever had and is now revealing the spoiled, arrogant, paranoid, stupidly short-sighted woman beneath it all.I still think that the primary impetus was Joffrey's death for her paranoia - but to be fair, she gets a whole lot of shit handed to her very, very fast. Joff's death, Tyrion's guilt, Jaime's coming back without a hand and then being all weird, Tywin's death at the hands of Tyrion - she loses a lot very quickly. I'm not saying she's this devious mastermind, but calling her stupid and shortsighted rings to me more of misogyny than it does an accurate telling of her character.
1519	gumby	2011-04-18	I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.As I mentioned earlier in this thread, I thought it was total cheese ball.One scene that was done kinda cheesy was the Ned/Cat/Luewin scene.  Cat over one shoulder saying 'don't go'. Luewin over the other shoulder saying 'do go'.  Almost a literal angle/devil on the shoulder scene, much like the literal standing at the cross roads in Castaway.
					
					
							Edited by gumby, 18 April 2011 - 03:03 PM.
1520	awesome possum	2011-04-18	I'm not saying she's this devious mastermind, but calling her stupid and shortsighted rings to me more of misogyny than it does an accurate telling of her character.I disagree.  I think she's been able to maneuver in the game previously with an unparalleled confidence because she knew if she failed her father would save her or her brother would kill anyone in her way.  And for the most part they did.  How much of her mess did Tywin clean up while he was Hand?
1521	iheartseverus	2011-04-18	I'm going to watch it again tonight, probably twice (kept getting interrupted last night dealing with family issues)--when Ned and Robert are down in the catacombs, did we get the long shot of the endless rows of dead Stark lords with their Direwolves at their feet?  If so, I totally missed it.  LOVED that mental image from the book.  I'm hoping we got that shot in the HBO version and that I just missed it the first time around.  Anybody?
1522	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-18	[mod] I am going to close this thread in TWO MINUTES. That will give anyone time to finish their thoughts. After that, please head over to the new thread, Mark II (we close threads after a certain post length to make it easier to back up the database). Thank you. [/mod]
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 18 April 2011 - 03:12 PM.
1523	Analu	2011-04-18	I'm surprised more people aren't talking about the shot in Ned's chambers, where the camera focuses on Ned while Catelyn and Luwyn are arguing behind him about whether or not he should go to King's Landing, framed in such a way that they were quite literally the angel and the devil on the shoulder.  Of course, this being not about good and evil, you're not really supposed to be sure which is the angel and which is the devil, or if that description at all applies.  I thought it was a fantastic, wonderful quiet little shot.This is the kind of post I was hoping to see more of in this thread. Little tidbits of things that I  missed the first time, that I can watch out for tonight when I do a rewatch. Good stuff.
1524	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-18	This is the kind of post I was hoping to see more of in this thread. Little tidbits of things that I  missed the first time, that I can watch out for tonight when I do a rewatch. Good stuff.Indeed. That, and the Unsullied, are things I will be looking out for on re-view. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1525	Xray the Enforcer	2011-04-18	OK, thread closed due to post count. Please continue in the next thread.
1526	Ran	2011-04-17	Just a few hours to go! No spoilers here, but this is a thread where you can spaz out with excitement, discuss what you're hoping to get out of the experience, maybe if you're doing anything special (viewing party, special food, etc.)
What I wonder, personally, is how many of you are going to rewatch the two showings immediately afterward, back to back?
1527	TerraPrime	2011-04-17	*spazzes*
DVR'd it, too, so yeah, re-watching throughout the week is scheduled.
1528	Wras	2011-04-17	What I wonder, personally, is how many of you are going to rewatch the two showings immediately afterward, back to back?I know I am.But... stupid question. The timer on GRRM's site says 7PM. Can I catch it somewhere earlier than 9PM (EST)? I have the full HBO package as far as I'm aware.
1529	Trebla	2011-04-17	I'm gonna DVR on HD. Then re-watch it so I can rewind and and pause to me geeky heart's content. First viewing I'm gonna watch with my dad who is now excited to watch it.
1530	Ran	2011-04-17	George's timer is off, I'm afraid.
1531	Kat	2011-04-17	Watching at a party, recording it at home for viewing later. Might be overkill since I've already seen this episode, but need some time to digest the direwolf orgy scene special effects and costumes.
1532	Commodore	2011-04-17	premature spaz
1533	ljkeane	2011-04-17	I normally like to let a few episodes of a series build up on sky plus and then watch it all in one go but I think I'd better watch them as they come out otherwise I'll be embarrassingly out of date.
					
					
							Edited by ljkeane, 17 April 2011 - 04:51 PM.
1534	Wras	2011-04-17	George's timer is off, I'm afraid. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Fittingly symbolic of the collective overeagerness, I suppose. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Thanks.
1535	NW Deserter	2011-04-17	I'll be waiting until the second showing tonight to watch so one of my friends can watch with me. Soooo pumped!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1536	Lany Cassandra	2011-04-17	Even though I have already seen it once, I will be watching it twice tonight.  I will miss 8 or so minutes of the beginning while I pick my son up from work. (I need to stay up to watch something else at 11 and that is the best way to do it /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
The husband is just as excited as I am about the show.
					
					
							Edited by Lany Cassandra, 17 April 2011 - 05:59 PM.
1537	Brude	2011-04-17	I'm having a little premier party.  It was supposed to be bigger, but one guy's got a hot date, one girl is working, another is out of town and one had a death in the family, so it will be 6 of us which is plenty, because my place is small.Got Leffe beer for the guests (I treat them right!), and a really nice bottle of Unibrou 17 for myself which has been aging a couple of years.  I figure this is a pretty special occasion for it to be drunk.  Got to break out a few steins, if I can find them.  I just wish I had some drinking horns!
1538	the maid of woodlynne	2011-04-17	Brude - I'm with you wishing I had a drinking horn! The HBO shop should really get on that... Vessel aside, I will probably stick to Guinness. \m/
1539	DemiNymph	2011-04-17	I hope there would be a few *ahem* tech savvy people who can make it possible to let people who are not in USA watch it.
1540	Aoife	2011-04-17	Eeee, half an hour to go to the pre-show. I'm pretty ridiculously excited about this, all things considered.
1541	Winter Fresh	2011-04-17	HBO is free this weekend!!!????????
 /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1542	Trebla	2011-04-17	I'm definitely feeling all "SQUEE"-ish.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1543	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-04-17	I really don't have anything to say, except that I am having periodic *spazzes* too.
1544	Winter Fresh	2011-04-17	I'm definitely feeling all "SQUEE"-ish.  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I'm "SQUEE"-ing all over the place
1545	Trebla	2011-04-17	Time to go watch the pre-game show.
See ya' all on the other side! /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
...in 15 minutes that is.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 17 April 2011 - 07:32 PM.
1546	Screaming Turkey Reborn	2011-04-17	I hope there would be a few *ahem* tech savvy people who can make it possible to let people who are not in USA watch it.Yep.
1547	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-17	I hope there would be a few *ahem* tech savvy people who can make it possible to let people who are not in USA watch it. /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> I guess my post along similar lines wasn't quite stealthy enough.  /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
1548	Slyfinger	2011-04-17	You're doin it wrong!!!
It's susposed to be like this /pirate.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':pirate:' />
1549	Daemon23	2011-04-17	I have the DVR set to record the 10:05 EDT broadcast, and my sister (who introduced me to the novels lo, these many years ago) has instructed her Tivo to record the series, so we will both be watching tonight and probably discussing the premier episode on Thursday (our usual evening to chat on the phone).  
I actually have my mom interested in watching this with me, which could be an interesting experience as she has not read the books, so this will be her first exposure to the stories.  Next month, she will be visiting my sister (and the grandkids).  I'll be interested to see if she borrows the books from my sister to get caught up with the rest of us. 
So, as far as George reaching a new audience through HBO, yes, he certainly is.  And it is not necessarily the aliterate World of Warcraft generation, either. In at least one case that I can personally verify, it is a 66 year old retiree for whom reading is a primary form of recreation. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1550	Ran	2011-04-17	I've thrown open the episode discussion threads, both the No Spoiler and the Book Spoiler threads. So, have it when the show starts.
1551	The Anti-Targ	2011-04-17	You're doin it wrong!!!It's susposed to be like this /pirate.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':pirate:' /> /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
1552	Whatever	2011-04-17	9:00 pm, eastern time. winter is here.
fangirl squeeeeee
1553	Fez	2011-04-17	Can't believe I have to wait another 2 hours and 33 minutes until it shows up on HBO West (which for some reason is the only one I get despite being very east coast), hope everyone's enjoying it.  Lucky sods.
1554	Eve	2011-04-17	I am on the west coast but have HBO east.  It started at 6pm and is repeating every hour.
					
					
							Edited by Eve, 17 April 2011 - 09:14 PM.
