nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2013-03-31	Tell us what you think!
2	Saci Targaryen	2013-03-31	6/10, felt rushed and dumbed down compared to the books! No Ars Whitebeard!
I thought that HBO would respect the book more now that they are doing 2 seasons per book!
					
					
							Edited by Saci Targaryen, 01 April 2013 - 02:09 PM.
3	Lord Godric	2013-03-31	7/10.  A strong start with many great independent scenes but felt a little slow at times.
4	Ser Jake	2013-03-31	Great episode! No Belwas though? Tormund is fantastic! Can't wait until next week!
Edit: I gave it a 9/10
					
					
							Edited by Ser Jake, 31 March 2013 - 09:08 PM.
5	Tewks44	2013-03-31	fantastic TV adaptation.  I feel much more enthusiastic about this season than I did after watching episode 1 of season 2.
6	Warden of the North121	2013-03-31	I gave it an 8. The Jon/Wildlings scene was a little disjointed at the beginning (plus Ygritte is annoying as hell but it's like that in the book too) but other than that it was great. Dany/Davos/Margaery scenes stood out to me.
7	Darth Pipes	2013-03-31	9/10.  While not perfect, I was very happy with this episode and think it's a promising start for the new season.  The highlight was the Tyrion/Tywin scene, which comes off as strong as it does in the book.  The lowlight is Robb the Oathbreaking Hypocrite.
8	Howie Reed	2013-03-31	Liked that they compressed the Selmy plot line.  Looking forward to next week
9	~khaleesi~	2013-03-31	8/10! Dragons are amazing! Davos! Barristen! Can't wait, season 3 is finally here!
10	Tom son of Tom	2013-03-31	7/10 I had a feeling they were gonna skimp on the battle at the Fist. Other than that the episode was fairly strong. The Tyrion/Tywin scene was amazing. Great acting.
					
					
							Edited by Tom son of Tom, 31 March 2013 - 09:21 PM.
11	ebevan91	2013-03-31	I'm giving it a +1 because I absolutely TV show Margaery
So 8/10
12	Dalan	2013-03-31	Tormund is fantastic!Tormund IS fantastic.  Glad to see they kept Daenarys' language ruse.  About what I expected.  Some great stuff, lots of good stuff, some cringeworthy stuff.8/10
13	Bastard of Boston	2013-03-31	Loved this episode. I gave it an 8...probably bumped up a point due to my nerdboner -- my computer desk is levitating right now. I needed this back in my life. Kind of a slow episode, but thanks to Ran's review, I was prepared and even optimistic. I appreciate the drastic ideology change from last year, where they felt the need to visit every single character arc. I'd rather get prolonged exposure than the more erratic pace, where you're not truly able to sit in it. I sat all up in this episode, guys. My ass print is right there, next to the yuckmouth girl.I can't decide what my favorite part was -- Tywin/Tyrion or Dany in Astapor. As much as I love Tyrion, I love Tyrion more when it's not so easy for him. It's refreshing to see Tyrion not be in complete control...and, even a little humbled. Astapor looks amazing, and the High Valyrian scene was better than anything from season 2 Qarth.Gotta highlight an invented scene -- Marge with the orphans in Flea Bottom. Love seeing the curtain get pulled back in regard to the character. Great job establishing her as the "People's Queen," setting up the stuff between her and Cersei -- sure to be great. And, GIANTS! God, I love this show.
14	Greyjoy67	2013-03-31	Better than I expected considering the pessimism on here, but then the reviews have been so positive.8/10, which is what I wanted for an opening episode. Tywin & Tyrion is one of my fave chapters in the book and they nailed it. That's like two points in itself. I digged the Davos stuff as well, that was more or less straight from the book. Tarly stuff was good. Jon Snow joining wildlings worked quite nicely. Arstan's joining Dany was a bit rushed, but okay. Some good foreshadowing with Roose Bolton and co. that I liked as well. Stuff that was added - Margaery's stuff worked, and they played her off against Cersei nice and early which I was glad to see. Somewhat predictably, the only part I really objected to was Shae & Ros. Hopefully they don't crop up too much again, it seemed like they were building some sort of storyline there too - I guess we'll just have to accept that one for what it is. I'd have preferred some Dontos but whatever.Good episode. Found it quite cinematic at points - dragon scene, white walkers, armies marching etc. It was cool. I can see how they've improved visually - I found season two claustrophobic at points, and they've improved upon that in this episode.
15	Greyjoy67	2013-03-31	6/10, felt rushed and dumbed down compared to the books! No Ars Whitebeard!Not dumbed down. The arstan thing was one of the first things I knew D&D would cut down on and it makes a lot of sense.
16	Bayard	2013-03-31	Only started watching... poor Sam, he did send the ravens, nobody could say that he didn't do his job /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> The first important thing I can see in the intro: only 2 cities in Slaver's Bay!!! No Yunkai? Back in 50 min.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 31 March 2013 - 09:24 PM.
17	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-03-31	I gave it a solid 8.  Its about what I expected, as the first four episodes or the setup for the rest of the season.  1. Love how they introduced Barristan from the start, but I do miss Strong Belwas; the assassination attempt by the warlock was awesome.2. I love Natalie Dormer as Marg.  I love how she making herself right at home and positioning herself to be queeen.3. I love how Cersei is powerless to stop the monster she gave birth to.  She is bound by her love for Joff and will suffer any and all insults.4. The unsullied are outstanding, can't wait to see them in action.
18	Died a Hero	2013-03-31	9
I loved most of the episode. Tyrion's interactions with his sister, Bronn, and his father were amazing. Jon's scenes were good. Mance may not have been wielding his lute, but I think CiarA!n Hinds was an excellent choice for the role. He commands attention while on the screen and carries the air of a born leader. I loved the CGI shot of the Giant too. Davos being brought to the one true king was annoying, but the T.V. audience wouldn't have understood him being arrested right as he touched town on the shore. I have high hopes for Daenerys this season. She's my fav. POV in the book (Davos is 2ed) and what they did to her COK story was hard to watch. However, seeing her dragons, her detest for how the Unsullied are trained, and, of course, the reappearance of Ser Grandfather, I'm excited. 
The only thing I disliked is the ongoing development of Shae and the outright knowledge of Littlefinger's part in Sansa's escape. With Shae, what are they building towards? Her turn for no reason in season 4? What, because Tyrion didn't want to run away with her she sells him out to the court and bangs his father? Seems pointless. And Littlefinger? Why go through the trouble of introducing Dontons in season 2 if you're not going to use him? Again, seems pointless.
Though all and all, a great start to what should be the best two seasons in television history. (I'm not setting the bar for failure am I?)
19	rystine	2013-03-31	A little slow.  I actually preferred that they stuck with various characters stories longer, and excluded others altogether, rather than giving us very small pieces of all the stories.
Tyrion and Tywin was superbly done.  And Barristan's reveal was simplified but very well done, Dany's story in general is off to a great start.  Jon and Mance was also a highlight for me.
8/10
					
					
							Edited by rystine, 31 March 2013 - 09:31 PM.
20	TheHedgeWizard	2013-03-31	Gave it  a 9/10.  When i don't see great moments from the book in the show i get really disappointed but i have to remind myself its an adaptation and a lot of those moments wont make the cut. It was a strong first episode, it felt very rushed but it was all set up for what seems to be a great season 3. The beginning with Sam and Ghost coming out of no where i thought was the weakest part. Excited for next week and what i hope will be a great dracarys moment!
21	drm7	2013-03-31	Loved:
Tyrion/Tywin
Dragons!
Dany's little smirk at the unsullied owner's ignorance of her "language skills"
Tormund
Ok:
Mance - had that cleverness about him, but didn't look as "hard" as I thought
Davos - Felt a little rushed to get to Stannis/Mel, but his convo with Sal Saan was great
Barristan - It would have been nice to hide his identity, but viewers would recognize the actor anyway, so Ok.
???
Putting all the Starks at Harrenhall seems forced and weird
No Belwas???
Margaery at the orphanage a little over the top
Shae/Roz - meh
All in all - it was great! I'm so excited the new season has started!
22	pntrlqst	2013-03-31	7.5/10
But I always enjoy the episodes more on re-watch. Some of the dialogue made me cringe. Some of it made me smile wide. Something about balls brushing ankles, and everything spoken in the Tywin/Tyrion scene. 
From what I recall, there wasn't a single scene I disliked. While I thought the first two episodes of season two were strong, neither escaped cleanly without a WTF scene (cum in episode 202 and Littlefinger's idiocy in 201 come to mind). Here, nothing I felt dragged down the episode because of its presence.
With that said, slow, but understandably slow.
23	Broken Fox	2013-03-31	Solid 8. Nothing huge or flashy but it set the stage for the next chapter in the story.
24	NickSnow	2013-03-31	Rating: 8 out of 10A very solid first episode I think. There didn't think that there was anything particularly cringe-worthy. GOOD:-Davos. Very good stuff. His conversation with Sallador Saan is very good as well as his interactions with Stannis and Melisandre-Daenerys. Dany had a VERY BAD season last year, but everything seems to be improving. The Unsullied are great as well as Kranzys and Missandei. AND A VERY GOOD ENDING with Barristan!!-King's Landing. Everything in King's Landing was very good as well. I particularly liked the scenes with Margaery, Lancel, Joffrey, and Cersei. The dynamic between the Lannisters and the Tyrells is very well done. Also, Tyrion's conversation with Tywin was very good indeed.BAD:-Jon Snow and Mance Rayder. Meh. I wasn't too impressed with the Wildlings. Mance Rayder did not have the necessary charisma to make me convinced that he had become the leader of all these Wildlings. And Tormund Giantsbane was underwhelming as well.-Catelyn and Robb. There wasn't a lot of Robb and Cat in this episode, and whatever is there is fairly underwhelming as well. They arrive in Harrenhal (?) and meet Qyburn (?). Huh?UGLY:-Again, I didn't flip any tables in this epsidode. I thought it was very good.
25	Dragonblood Stormborn	2013-03-31	I love the series, truly. I know it's different in some ways from the books. I was excited about this opening season-episode. I agree with others it was a bit slow and I'm conflicted about some of the choices to change certain things for the TV Show. The scene between Tywin and Tyrion was powerful.  I must confess I'm struggling for some reason to understand Shae's show character and role in relation to who she is in the book. I hope Sam will get a chance to use his Dragon glass and prove he IS The Slayer after all.  I guess I can understand revealing Barristen Selmy right away instead of Whitebeard, makes sense for the show.  I wonder, does this mean Jorer's character developments will be expedited as well?
I can't wait to see next week.  I LOVE the "A song of Ice and Fire" and "A Game of Thrones" combo!  I wish they had insisted HBO do 13 or 14 episodes per season instead of a mere 10.  13 for the 13 of Qarth or 14 for 7x2 New Gods.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Dragonblood Stormborn, 31 March 2013 - 09:55 PM.
26	Darth Pipes	2013-03-31	Wrong post...
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 31 March 2013 - 09:39 PM.
27	tito5601	2013-03-31	i gave it an 8, overall great season i think the locations are even more beautiful than last season and the acting as always is top notch but in the end this was an episode to kickstart the season so maybe it wasnt the most interesting episode but every season needs an episode like this also comparing it to season 1 and 2 premiere i think they were both more interesting than this one especially with the way they ended
28	Lord Godric	2013-03-31	One thing I am worried about:
If the Purpose Wedding is indeed next season, what is there for Sansa to do? Is the already established plan with Littlefinger to sit on the back burner for a whole year?
29	Lyanna's rose	2013-03-31	I give it a solid 8. Season premiere episodes are usually slow in general because there are a lot of story lines to try to catch up on. I was a little disappointed by the change in the story Jon tells Mance on why he wants to join the wildlings because I really liked the "bastard" story. BUT I think the tv version was also a really good substitute, so I"m not complaining. My favorite scene was probably Tywin/ Tyrion. I thought Dany's first scene in Astapor was really good too, although I wish they had hinted at the fact that Dany is only pretending that she can't speak Valyrian. Idk if tv viewers would catch onto that... Maybe they'll bring it up later. Also, since Ser Barristan was revealed so quickly, I wonder how/when he'll reveal to Dany that Jorah was originally spying on her to Robert.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna's rose, 31 March 2013 - 09:46 PM.
30	Lucamore the Lusty	2013-03-31	Same as last season's opener. Here's a lot of setup and here's some new folks. I expect next week to be about the same.
31	kephv	2013-03-31	I gave it 7, though even that feels generous. The opening scenes with the Watch were extremely dull (as I expected, nothing was shown for how they survived an army of wights and Others), as was Jon's meeting with Mance. Some highlights include Tyrion's scene with Tywin, Davos alone on the seastack and his meeting with Salladhor, and the unsullied being cut up. That's about it. The rest was setting the board, though none of it particularly interesting. The reveal of Barristan was also a total waste and poorly handled. Hopefully the next episode is better.
32	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-03-31	I was hoping they would have Mance tell Jon he had seen him before. It sets up that awesome line Jon has about why he's joining the wildlings. The conversation they have was much weaker than in the books and I feel like Mance is a bit too intense.
But that's my only complaint. 8/10 overall. Dany's story was great and I FUCKING LOVE CHARLES DANCE. That scene was better to watch than to read and I loved reading it.
33	lostinwesteros	2013-03-31	I am torn on this one.  I was disappointed, overall, and I'm not entirely sure why.  What I loved were the parts North of the Wall and with Dany in Astapor (the dragons were super!  And Baristan Selmy!).  But, I wasn't bowled over by the rest of it.  I'll have to give it a 7.
34	Arya rules	2013-03-31	Was the Battle of the Fist just skipped and the end was the scene with LC and Sam?
35	alwayswinter	2013-03-31	9
Thought the Tywin/Tyrion scene was fantastic, along with Davos' interactions with Salladhor/Stannis/Mel.
Jon's scene got better & better as it went, was also pleased with Tormund after hearing some had reservations regarding his character's portrayal. (plus the giant looked awesome!)
Thought Dany's scenes were good too - especially the unsullied one.
Only the Sansa/Shae/Ros/Littlefinger scene seemed a little disjointed to me, otherwise it would have been a 10.
Great start to the season.......now to re-watch!!
36	Zman1863	2013-03-31	8/10. Pacing was definitely slower than normal but necessary for the first couple episodes in order to set up the rest of the season. The Tyrion/Tywin scene was superb and my favorite of the episode. I also liked the Joffrey and Margery scenes a lot. Dany's scenes were pretty good. Wasn't much of a fan of the beginning with the NW. Also wasn't thrilled with Robb's scene headlined by a sensible Roose Bolton. I was satisfied with everything else.
37	cybobbie	2013-03-31	Gave an 8/10, because as a first episode of the season it was great but kind of slow (understandable though)Really liked the giant, despite some of the critics that I've read here, I love CiarA!n Hinds as Mance, because I really feel that he can portray a very powerful character. Tormund was perfect for me as well.The best scenes for me are Tyrion/Tywin, Dany with the unsullied and the last scene with Barristan (and I get the choice to not hide his identity, what would seem really strange in the show). The only scene that I didn't like much was Rob's scenes, but I will watch the episode again in an hour and maybe I change my mind.
38	fede989	2013-03-31	Pacing was slow yes, but it didn't drag at all, it flew by. There were so many cool things and great dialogs in here, and the cinematography keeps getting better, fucking beautiful.An strong 9/10 for me.
					
					
							Edited by fede989, 31 March 2013 - 10:01 PM.
39	Nezzer	2013-03-31	This was my favorite premiere so far. I don't know if it's because I knew all about the episode before watching it, but I have nothing of importance to complain. I gave it a 9. I just don't give it a 10 because Stannis sounded too much like a douche when he ordered his men to arrest Davos, and because of the lack of the battle of the Fist (which bothered me much less than I expected).
40	The Bastard of Chicago	2013-03-31	I'd say  8/10. It was a good premiere, not particularly great in my opinion. Tywin/Tyrion was great as always. I do wish we had seen some of the action in the North though.
41	Ser Creighton	2013-03-31	Gave it a 4 and thought I was being generous. Dany's scense were ok, but not much going on. Arrival of Selmy was expected and fell flat for me, didn't feel any emotional context there. Selmy's feeling about the Targs was never explored on the show, but now it's very important to him.
Got a quick look at Drogon, that was great, all five seconds of it.
In the North, the Wildlings felt flat, boring, and grey. Jon once again not getting much time on screen, makes perfect sense, after all he is not really in the books at all. Sam suddenly sees his story change, totally failed his job. I am pretty sure the producers, directors, and writers are using cliff notes written by a person with ADD. Mance and the Giant member felt generic in terms of their personalities. 
Shea and Ros got a scene, that's super. Who wants Sansa and Littlefinger together, when we can have Shea and Ros?
Bronn, could care less about the multiple scences he found himself in.
Tyrion, has about the only note worthy scene in the entire episode, Tyrion and Tywin. It's nota great scene but it is very good.
Harrenhall with Robb and Cat??? The show is just going fully off script at this point.
Davos, for the first time I did not really enjoy his scenes, it felt a bit forced and rushed, and of course rather different from the books wasn't it. Thought Stannis held up his end of the scene but not really a strong scene. Davos and his exploding temper? Whatever.
Felt all in all like a bunch of flat scense strung together and only one of them had any real impact.
Oh wait almost forgot Marg and the orphans, no wait I forgot on purpose.
42	Florina Laufeyson	2013-03-31	8 heads of The Ned out of 10. I dug it quite a bit. 
Good stuff here. Some things like Robb and Cat being at Harrenhal was mostly to put Roose at Harrenhal. 
Show Marg is great!
43	MoA«t	2013-03-31	10/10 only because there's no 12. And yes, I've watched it twice. So far.A smoking Winterfell in the opening credits! That was 10 points right there.Love the opening with Sam. He can't become 
	Spoiler The Slayer
 right out of the gate. It's a great setup for Sam's arc. We know who is alive, and where Ghost is.Giant! Tormund! (Actually giggled at "the little skeletons buried..) Mance. Perfect. Bronn + Pod = YAY. Cersei scared, and not completely in control anymore because Daddy is home.Repairing Kingslanding, and all the shipwrecks.Davos!!! Salador! ("And you drank with me on four of my wedding days!"  haaaaa!)Robb at Harrenhall. Anton Lesser as Qyburn! Oh yeah. Bolton already creeping me the hell out..... The Tyrion/Tywin scene was such a brilliant setup for what's to come. All I kept hearing throughout was the sound of a 
	Spoiler crossbow
. 1000 points.Loved Shae and Sansa - since Tywin has threatened to kill her.... and Ros being protective of Sansa to Shae. Great setup. So did Littlefinger recognize Arya? He never confirms Sansa's question.DRAGONS! What an incredible sequence. Those poor Dothraki! Stannis has been Wormtongued. Gleeson is next level! His little-boy face watching Margaery walk fearlessly through the streets of Fleabottom, making friends... great setup.Dinner with Cersei, in armor! Joffrey slamming her, Cersei underhandedly slamming him back about his "father." Oh my.ASTAPOR! Wonderful scene with the High Valyrian-speaking douchbag. Another awesome setup. I heard Missandei say Mhysa. Love the sequence with baby warlock.  Can't believe anyone is complaining about Barristan. The disguise wouldn't play in a visual medium. If the audience recognizes the actor, Joreh would look like beyond stupid if he didn't.  and it's a waste of time. That part of the plot has no bearing on the long game. Get to the point, and get on with the story. It also give more time for Barristan to tell Dany about her family, especially Rhaegar perhaps?Not sure if anyone has caught the between-showings "this season on HBO" shots, but there's a short clip of Jon & Ygritte in a hot spring in a cave. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 01 April 2013 - 08:36 PM.
44	Er Rn	2013-03-31	Gave it an 8.
Love show Margaery.
45	Ser Creighton	2013-03-31	Gave it a 4 and thought I was being generous. Dany's scense were ok, but not much going on. Arrival of Selmy was expected and fell flat for me, didn't feel any emotional context there. Selmy's feeling about the Targs was never explored on the show, but now it's very important to him.
Got a quick look at Drogon, that was great, all five seconds of it.
In the North, the Wildlings felt flat, boring, and grey. Jon once again not getting much time on screen, makes perfect sense, after all he is not really in the books at all. Sam suddenly sees his story change, totally failed his job. I am pretty sure the producers, directors, and writers are using cliff notes written by a person with ADD. Mance and the Giant member felt generic in terms of their personalities. 
Shea and Ros got a scene, that's super. Who wants Sansa and Littlefinger together, when we can have Shea and Ros?
Bronn, could care less about the multiple scences he found himself in.
Tyrion, has about the only note worthy scene in the entire episode, Tyrion and Tywin. It's nota great scene but it is very good.
Harrenhall with Robb and Cat??? The show is just going fully off script at this point.
Davos, for the first time I did not really enjoy his scenes, it felt a bit forced and rushed, and of course rather different from the books wasn't it. Thought Stannis could of done more than stand or sit there. Davos and his exploding temper? Whatever.
Felt all in all like a bunch of flat scense strung together and only one of them had any real impact.
Oh wait almost forgot Marg and the orphans, no wait I forgot on purpose.
You know I made Jiffy pop for this and this was not Jiffy Pop worthy.
46	_Oberyn_	2013-03-31	7. Ok overall but bad writing, most of the dialogue felt  forced and even cheesy at times.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 31 March 2013 - 11:47 PM.
47	Pinkie Baelish	2013-03-31	I gave it an 8. I would give it an 8.5/10 if it was possible. Really disappointed that we got no battle at the Fist, but I felt most of the other scenes made up for that.
Pros:
-Tyrion/Tywin was the standout. Good to see Dance was as dickish as the book version. I was worried season 2 softened him up too much.
-Loved the Margaery scenes. The great thing is that we're not entirely sure whether or not she actually cares about the orphans or it's just a publicity stunt. Also loved how Joffrey seemed genuinely confounded at the display of royal charity.
-Liked the Cersei/Marge rivalry, especially the fact that Cersei also now chose a more provocative dress to rival Marge. It's the little things that count, HBO.
-Good to see a Tyrion and Cersei rivalry in seeking Tywin's approval.
-Really enjoyed Davos' arrest. Liam Cunningham conveyed Davos' grief over losing his son so well /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
-Well, there was no way they were going to do the whole Arstan Whitebeard shtick, so having Barristan reveal himself worked just fine.
-I liked the subtle shots of Roose's face at the Harrenhal massacre and of Tywin's letter. A nice touch for those who know what's coming.
-Ecstatic to see the giant. I was convinced that they would have been excluded.
-Good that they kept the whole Kraznys translation bit. The non-readers seem to have enjoyed it quite a bit.
Cons:
-NO BATTLE AT THE FIST. At the very least, they could have had Sam kill the Other. Hopefully we still get that.
-Jon's reason for joining Mance was a bit of a headscratcher. His resentment over his bastardy as it was in the books was a far preferrable reason, imo.
-Pointless boobs in Bronn's scene. But I guess it was needed to fill HBO's boobs per episode quota
-No Arya or Theon. But that's just a minor gripe.
-The backdrops in Dany's scenes looked pretty fake.
-Bit worried whether LF was bullshitting about Arya or whether he actually recognised her at Harrenhal
But those are mainly small nitpicks.
Overall, I was satisfied. The first couple of episodes always lays the foundation for the season, and this episode did it quite well. The filming seemed a bit different to previous seasons-did anyone else notice this? The writers have gotten more confident, fleshing out characters like Margaery, which I do enjoy.
And the scenes from the books were done justice for the most part. Can't wait for next week!
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 31 March 2013 - 11:47 PM.
48	Dank Jedi	2013-03-31	I gave it a 6. 
I thought everything was great, BUT how can you skip out on the Battle of the Fist of the First Men!?  Our first chance to see the men of the NW fight a real battle against their true enemy and HBO decides that wasn't important.  Isn't the underlying theme of the show/books since Season 1's prologue Men v Evil Ice Demons and their Zombie Thralls?
49	Conchobar	2013-03-31	9. It shat all over most of S2.
To all the losers who gave it a 4 or less, you  will never enjoy the show, enjoy life!
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 01 April 2013 - 12:33 AM.
50	Dma2282	2013-04-01	I give it a 5.
I've read the books, but I tried to think of this show from the perspective of someone who hasn't, namely my wife who only watches the shows. The Fist of the First Men, budget concerns aside, needed a bit more fleshing out. The Wight at the beginning could easily have been mistaken for a WW, and most viewers wouldn't know that White Walkers are not flammable as tinder as are Wights. Harrenhall was expected, viewers can't be expected to follow all the locales, plus nice intro of Qyburn... 
...tl;dr  the point being, I have a seed of concern planted in my mind about this season. I've thought that season 3 would be one of the best seasons of television, period. The source material is some of the best literature I've ever read, and ASoS deserves to be treated as such. However, ASoIaF is beginning to show it's size, and I wonder how much of the book will need to be cut, and rushed, to move the story along properly. I still have high hopes, but how will viewers take Season 4, if it is not merged with Dance with Dragons? And if it is, what could possibly be the big spectacle selling point of each season. Dany's beseigement? A long boat ride with Tyrion? Cersei's slow decline? I love this as literature, but I fear for the show that must try to piece this all together, whilst keeping pace with the books, whilst not cutting too many characters and causing a butterfly effect on books/season 6 &7.
51	Corvinus	2013-04-01	I think 7/10, with the Tyrion/Tywin dialogue and Barristan being the high points of the episode.
Margaery playing Mother Teresa and Robb at Harrenhal the lower points.
52	DolorousKim	2013-04-01	I gave it an 8 -- some great scenes, some not so great scenes, but overall a solid beginning to the season.What worked for me:Davos and Salladhor Saan - I always enjoyed their relationship in the books, and I'm glad to see that its been given time in the show.  Great to see Salla back again after the 2 minute teaser introduction last season and then nothing....Tyrion and Tywin - This showdown was epic in the book and they delivered it strongly in the show; Dance and Dinklage were superb; probably the highlight of the episode for meBronn - I can't help but love both this character and Jerome Flynn's portrayal - easily the most likeable character to me in this episodeBarristan Selmy - I am soooo glad to have Sir Barristan back again, I don't even mind that they cut to the chase in exposing his identity so early onSansa and Shae - I'm not a huge fan of Sansa, and I detest book Shae, but I'm very surprised that I find the show's take on their relationship to be intriguing.  Never thought I'd find myself enjoying their interactions.What didn't work for me:Robb being a total dick to Cat -- talk about character assassination!  This surely is not the Robb Stark who united the North and the Riverlands, is it?  I'm finding myself hard-pressed to understand why anyone is following him at this point.Stannis being a total douche to Davos -- where's the bromance??  While Stannis is hardly the emotive one, his reaction to Davos being alive was a bit cold, even for him, and then sending him to the dungeon like that -- not liking itRos as Littlefinger's right-hand woman -- no, just no!  Since when does Littlefinger go about sharing his plans all willy-nilly with anyone and practically everyone?  Littlefinger is acting more like Ser Dontos than Lord BaelishI'm reserving judgement on Margary and Mance, since I'm not really sure how I feel about their characters and the actors portraying them at this point.
53	buff daddy	2013-04-01	Didn't like this episode much at all.
The Fist of the First Men wasn't even really an event, the wights attacking Mormont in season 1 had more impact. This felt like Sam went to take a leak and missed the whole thing in that short amount of time. I understand not being able to do a huge battle this early, but they could have done a much better job at least showing the aftermath and it's repurcussions.
The assassination attempt on Dany felt like something out of one of the Star Wars prequels, down to Barriston being a Jedi, some girl with force powers, and some robotic looking thing being the main threat.
Loved the Davos scenes, especially his interactions with Salladhor.
					
					
							Edited by buff daddy, 01 April 2013 - 12:19 AM.
54	Nezzer	2013-04-01	This was my favorite premiere so far. I don't know if it's because I knew all about the episode before watching it, but I have nothing of importance to complain. I gave it a 9. I just don't give it a 10 because Jon's introduction to Mance was much, much better in the book, and because of the lack of the battle of the Fist (which bothered me much less than I expected). Still, I loved this episode.
55	StarkDragon	2013-04-01	It's an opener, so I suppose it can't be too amazing.
But I'll be damned if the Lannisters didn't steal the show! The Iron Throne just aint enough for them, is it? Srsly, 10/10 just for them!
Harrenhall should prove an interesting fork in the road for our perception of Robb's justice against Catelyn, and other diverges between Book and Show Robb. Should be fun.
Littlefinger and Sansa creeped me out. Maybe it's because I like evil LF.
All in all the Lannisters destroyed all other actors. I'd give it a 10 just for them, and I actually enjoyed the Robb counter perspective. Hell, I loved Barriston and the girl, I almost died laughing! Mance was amazingly dissapointing, and I didn't even care for him as a character. Disliked Stannis himself sentencing Davos, and confuses me as to why they went this direction when Stannis turns around and... well, that would be telling eh?
Littlefinger and Sansa really destroyed the episode for me though, simplification or not /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> 
So, 8/10.
56	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	Considering all the stuff they f*ed up last season, I'll keep an open mind about changes because they have a lot to fix, so, I guess they will HAVE to make more changes. I think we'll see where are they going in a few more episodes. I'll watch it again with subtitles, and then, make a better opinion.
But, generally speaking, I was pleased. My only complain was that I felt they flipped all Dany pages in about 5 seconds in front of me. Jon scenes were a bit boring to me, too.
57	Greyjoy the Reaver	2013-04-01	I gave it a 9/10.  I thought it was a great episode.  The Tyrion Tywin scene was really good.  Dany in Astapor was sweet as well as the dragon catching the fish scene.  The appearance of Mance Raydar was excellent and Jon Snow's dialogue with him turned out nice.  Over all I feel like it was a very promising episode and I can't wait until next week.  I may even dig out my book and start reading it again.  I'm about 70 pages from the end of what I'm reading right now.  hmmmmm
58	Words of Winter	2013-04-01	I gave the episode a 8, but I could easily be persuaded to go higher to a 9.  10's for me are a rare feat, so an 8 is really high. Season openers in a drama arc are very hard to do and they did it well and for me, did it surprisingly close to what I remember from the books  with minor tweaks of scene placement and character placement.  
Pros
Tywin and Tyrion
Shout out to book lovers about Tyrion's nose.
The entire Astapor scene.  While watching I remembered the book seemed pretty close.  They kept the nipple scene.
Shout out to book lovers about Tyrion's nose.
Cons:
Margery's tv scene isn't in the book, I don't think. (It's been a while sense I read it)  I like the juxtaposition of her vs Joffrey.  Both want power but Joffrey loathes his subjects and while Margery probably doesn't care for them either, she know she has to win their support and she has to do it publically.  Nevertheless, it slowed the pace down.
Tormand better say Har.  That is all I have to say about that.
59	bent branch	2013-04-01	I gave it 8/10. I thought the opening with Sam interesting. As everyone is saying the scene with Tyrion and Tywin is incredibly powerful. I liked how they handled all of the Dany material. I actually liked the assassination attempt and the reveal of Selmy a lot. When Littlefinger was speaking of Arya I thought it was a veiled reference to 
	Spoiler Jeyne Poole
, I had actually forgotten about the almost meeting of LF and Arya in Season 2 until I read other posts. I liked most of the wilding stuff, but Mance Raydar was a bit difficult. The actor doesn't look like how I imagined Mance to look, nor did he have the demeanor I imagined Mance would have. However, the disconnect between the show Mance and book Mance is not so great that I can't reconcile the two. The difference between book Jorah and show Jorah is so great that I think of them as two entirely different characters. I don't think it will be that bad with Mance. I like the guy portraying Tormund. I like what was done with Margaery and Joffrey. This is one place where the show can actually add something more to the books. Both Margaery and Joffrey are nonPOVs and the show allows us to see them from a different angle. I find it fascinating how enthralled Joffrey appeared to be. Margaery's take on noblesse oblige seemed to baffle yet enchant Joffrey. I really liked how both actors handled their scenes. The only part I really had problems with was at Harrenhal. It just didn't feel right to me. I'm kind of not liking show Robb.
					
					
							Edited by bent branch, 01 April 2013 - 01:31 AM.
60	Holdfast	2013-04-01	Agree with those that thought it was a little slow.  Disappointed we did not see the battle from the NW at the start - felt this was a let-down after where we were left at the conclusion of Season 2.
Jon's scene with Mance.  I don't know, felt a little....awkward.
Liked: the look of the growing dragons, Tyrion's scene with Tywin.
But looking forward to next week.
61	Titan	2013-04-01	My grade - 8:
I really enjoyed this - the slower pacing (compared to S2) really helped - The scenes were all of sufficient length.
Positives:
+ A Giant /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
+ I liked Jon/Mance's first conversation. Not like the book version, but I think it worked well - and was a nice bit subtle reminders of what happened to Jon last season.
+ All of Tyrions's scenes were gold. (w/Cersei, w/Bronn, w/Tywin)
+ Liked the Sansa/Shae scene. Ros did not bother me here at all.
+ Margery/Cersei conflict is gearing up to be awesome - I like how this is being set up
+ Dragons!
+ Krazny + Missandrei - I love how this is being setup, and that they are keeping the translation ruse
+ Selmy - I'm glad they skipped the "Whitebeard" identity.
+ Almost forgot, VALYRIAN!
Negatives:
- Not the best cliff-hanger resolution at the Fist.
- Qyburns introduction was a bit strange, and went by too fast.
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 01 April 2013 - 01:39 AM.
62	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-01	My grade - 8:I really enjoyed this - the slower pacing (compared to S2) really helped - The scenes were all of sufficient length.Positives:+ A Giant /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />+ I liked Jon/Mance's first conversation. Not like the book version, but I think it worked well - and was a nice bit subtle reminders of what happened to Jon last season.+ All of Tyrions's scenes were gold. (w/Cersei, w/Bronn, w/Tywin)+ Liked the Sansa/Shae scene. Ros did not bother me here at all.+ Margery/Cersei conflict is gearing up to be awesome - I like how this is being set up+ Dragons!+ Krazny + Missandrei - I love how this is being setup, and that they are keeping the translation ruse+ Selmy - I'm glad they skipped the "Whitebeard" identity.+ Almost forgot, VALYRIAN!Negatives:- Not the best cliff-hanger resolution at the Fist.- Qyburns introduction was a bit strange, and went by too fast.Nice. I agree with all of this.
63	Kienn	2013-04-01	The end of Season 2 ruined the start of Season 3 imo, otherwise the opening could have been written differently and made more sense instead of Sam somehow escaping the middle of the undead army and happening to run into Mormont...
64	Justin Danford	2013-04-01	My biggest gripe is how apparent it is that juggling all of Martin's storylines in 10 episodes (okay even 20) is getting extremely difficult even for brillant writers like D + D. They are doing a good job with the scenes they port over from the book (with all the minor changes), but the scenes they add to try and tie things together seem... wobbly. I.E. Little finger telling Sansa he plans to help her escape, random Qyburn appearanceSince season 1, the nature of the story and its expanse has caused each episode to "jump" and become very decentralized, that can't really be helped I suppose, but it gets almost formulaic at times. 5 mins Jon, 8 mins tyrion, 4 mins Danny, 5 mins Stannis, 3 mins Rob, 5 mins Tyrion, etc, etc....  I think "breather" episodes like Blackwater should be more commonplace ... Not as extreme where you only follow one story line, but you don't have to cover a chapter from the majority of the major characters every episode. Give them each a bit more room to breathe so we get a greater sense of "living" with that character. Obviously that is a huge disadvantage of an on screen adaptaion, but with a world so expansive and a season so short, it gets really disjointed juggling all those "povs."As it is, there was no Arya, Jamie, Theon,  or Bran in this episode. They did a better job "sticking" with the character for a bit than they did in season 2, but I'm starting to believe having a character (excluding maybe Jon or Danny orTyrion) appear every 3rd episode might be a stronger way of depicting the story. I believe Blackwater was so loved not because of the battle (which is great) but because it really develops one aspect of the story and allows that single aspect of Martins world to mature in all it's richness.TLDR: feels like visual cliff notes, at timesbut what do I know, everyones a critic, I still love the show
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 01 April 2013 - 01:59 AM.
65	TheEvilKing	2013-04-01	Good solid episode, gave it a 7/10.Night's Watch scene was a bit lame but to be expected on the budget.Jon's scenes didn't do a right lot for me, apart from the giant which looked fantastic. Not particularly impressed with Mance or Tormund as yet.Robb's scenes were okay. Mainly because of Roose. I'm a bit confused about what happened there though. What's with all the dead Northmen?Dany's scenes were good. The dragons looked great, as did the harpy. The exchange with the slaver was quality and the Unsullied have been set up nicely. Nice to see Barristan.All the King's Landing scenes were awesome apart from the Sansa/Littlefinger one. I did like Ros's final line though. "Watch out for her with him." The Tywin scene was the best of the episode. I also enjoyed the dinner scene. Poor Loras, having to sit there while they all throw veiled insults at one another.The Davos scenes were all great too. Darth Stannis is coming across as really dark. Fair enough, though, his story is quite dark in the books too.Lots of CGI this ep. I wonder how that'll affect the budget.
66	Isildur's Mane	2013-04-01	I gave it 8/10
I felt it was a stronge start, even if it was a touch slow. I did'n't mind that we didn't see all the characters, it was only after I had watched the episode that I realised that we didn't see Arya.
I'm not sure what I thought about Jon's story yet. I liked Mance even though it wasn't ecactly like the book but I didn't really like Tormund... though i will give him a chance.
I liked Davos's story - even though he isn't a favourite of mine. It was quick but it still put across what it needed and thought it worked well. Mel and Stannis were great too.
Not sure why Robb was at Harrenhall... But I liked that we got introduced to Qyburn... bit creepy. Also - where is the Greatjon? I can't remember if he was in last season?
I really liked Daenarys' story too. I felt it was really strong and a lot better from last season. The kid was a bit creepy too. I liked Jorah's reaction to Selmy.
Margaery was great. I love how we start to see Cersei and her rivalry emerge.
Tyrion and Tywin was perfect /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I didn't like how Sam didn't send the ravens and how Ghost just came out of nowhere and then Morment et al burnt it. But I did like how it was a prologue like in the books.
67	Words of Winter	2013-04-01	I have to say, awesome bell curve going right now.  Hopefully it continues.  It is almost symmetrically but shifted toward the good/excellent side and not poor/bad.  I would say this puts it above average.
 /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
68	a shadow	2013-04-01	9I liked some small details that added to the whole:- Tyrion picking up a heavy axe before opening the door to the queen in her golden clothes- Sansa choosing a game that is about being able to go away, to start over, to create a story- Margaery and Loras just being normal at the KL, which is rare for the city /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Independent, self-sufficient and not tense.Best line:- Any lies in particular?Disliked how Robb's story is told. Talisa marching by his side, while he turns Catelyn into isolation. If it were so in the books, I 
	Spoiler  could absolutely see why Roose gets fed up with the leadership /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> 
  Stannis' story on the other hand, is better seen on TV. The essence of the man was shown straightforward. Delusion and pretention. Good job.It was a calm episode to watch, I was not looking for any particular moments from the books, so maybe that helped.
69	DaveRoid	2013-04-01	7/10 because I am a fanboy.Dany, Margery and Davos scenes were good. Tyrion/bronn were enjoyable as always. The rest was a little flat, esp the opening. some cringeworthy stuff.Yea I absolutely cringed when Margery gave her little speech about how peasants can be equal to nobles given the chance. It just felt so far out of place in that culture.
					
					
							Edited by DaveRoid, 01 April 2013 - 02:56 AM.
70	Juli Cachet	2013-04-01	7/10 - Disliked a few scenes (prologue, wildlings), but overall it was good and fun to watch. Loved Selmy's part, Davos & Sansa's scene.
71	El Pinko Grande	2013-04-01	7/10
Loved Tyrion and Tywin, loved the slaver at Astapor, even loved Margaery at Flea Bottom.
I didn't like Barristan's introduction. I don't care that they did away with the Arstan ruse, but I thought the scene itself was really badly staged.
I love Ciaran Hinds as an actor, and I thought he was fine in his scene, but I miss the book's version of the character. Perhaps we'll get some singing and lute playing in a later episode.
I continue to hate everything they've done with Robb's storyline.
72	Jaime FTW	2013-04-01	no battle at the Fist /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
73	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	I'd give it about an 8.5, which I rounded up to 9 since I'm glad the show is back and just because it was so much better than the season 2 finale, which I'd probably give a 3.
I've seen a lot of critics complain about the jumbled nature of the show, but I thought this episode did a good job of not constantly shifting; or at least, I never got annoyed by it moving to other storylines. I think the slower pace also helped; this didn't feel nearly as rushed as the season two premiere, where Stannis' letter about Cersei's incest arrives the same episode it's sent (which occurs almost midway in book 2 form what I remember).
74	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-01	I originally voted eight. I have now rewatched (three times...) and have decided that it's worth at least a 9. It was definitely better on rewatch.
75	protar	2013-04-01	I voted 7. Very good.
My main nitpick is that we didn't get to see the battle at the Fist, which I feel was a bit of a copout. I also feel like more could have been covered: in KL at least it felt like not much was going on. The QOT at least could have arrived.
My favourite scene was definitely the Unsullied. It was probably the most faithful to the books (possibly edged out by Tywin/Tyrion.) which I also loved and it got Dany's story off to a speeding start. Aside from the copout at the Fist, the CGI was very impressive. The dragons look much bigger, the manticore was cool and the Giant looked amazing. I am very much looking forward to seeing them in action.
Probably my least favourite scene was the Sansa/LF one, making Sansa look like an idiot trusting him (in complete contradiction to how she reacts to him IN S2 E10 mind you.). I can't decide whether the ship game was to show that she was still remaining idealistic or that she was still remaining naive.
EDIT: Also for some reason I thought Loras's unctuous smiling at the dinner scene was hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 01 April 2013 - 12:29 PM.
76	Loras	2013-04-01	I voted 7. Very good.My main nitpick is that we didn't get to see the battle at the Fist, which I feel was a bit of a copout. I also feel like more could have been covered: in KL at least it felt like not much was going on. The QOT at least could have arrived.I thought you would be glad to call something else a cop out /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> - I jest /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />My review of the episode... I rated it an 8 out of 10 with my biggest problems being the direction (I really don't like Daniel Minahan as a director) and the order of scenes - surely Tyrion/Tywin should have been the climax of the King's Landing plot?_____________________________________________________Has there ever been a title so apt for an episode of â<U+0080><U+009C>Game of Thronesâ<U+0080><U+009D>?  The season premiere is titled â<U+0080>˜Valar Doeherisâ<U+0080><U+0099> which when translated from Valyrian, reads â<U+0080>˜All men must serveâ<U+0080><U+0099>.  The theme carried through from the title touches on all of the major stories running through this episode.  â<U+0080>˜Valar Doeherisâ<U+0080><U+0099> is a beautifully produced episode of the show â<U+0080><U+0093> but it does not come without flaws.The Opening Sequence:Every year, part of the joy of â<U+0080><U+009C>Thronesâ<U+0080><U+009D> is the opening sequence.  I am always excited to see how the steam punk map will reflect my own images of the cities and castles that inhabit Westeros and beyond.  Last year I was bitterly disappointed with their rendering of Qarth â<U+0080><U+0093> which was lifeless and uninspired (I guess it reflected that particular storyline well).This year, my worries have been put to rest.  The camera drops down onto the burning ruins of Winterfell â<U+0080><U+0093> which is in itself a poignant reminder of the events that unfolded in last seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s finale.  After that we are treated to a stunning representation of Astapor... complete with Harpy statue.  Beautiful.  Imposing.  I want to get there right now!What I liked:Beyond the Wall:  It is not often that I have praise for the â<U+0080><U+009D>Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+009D> storyline, but it looks like things are about to change.  The Wildling camp was a beautiful thing to behold (although it seems to have snowed a great deal in the time it has taken them to climb down that cliff), Gemma Jackson is a genius â<U+0080><U+0093> and it was completed by a CGI Giant.  I really enjoy the character of Ygritte, especially now that she has been raised from inconsequential talk of stones, bones and handjobs.  Rose Leslie captures the spearwife perfectly and I cannot help but be drawn to her when she is on screen.Going into this episode I was concerned about Hinds in the role of Mance, but he blew me away.  He wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Caesar beyond the Wall â<U+0080><U+0093> but a charismatic, clearly intelligent leader of men.  He has captured the nuance of Mance extremely well in his limited screentime and I look forward to seeing his work going forward.  Similarly Tormund was well played by Hivju, seems to have been born to play the role.  While this Tormund might be grimmer than his larger-than-life book counterpart, I enjoyed his introduction and I love referring to Jon as â<U+0080><U+009C>baby crowâ<U+0080><U+009D>.  Perhaps there is an engaging Jon storyline on the cards... fingers crossed.Astapor:  The shot of Daenerys Targaryen looking over the prow of her boat to the Slaver city of Astapor must be one of the most beautiful shots of the series to date.  The colours of the shot were outstanding, credit must go to Minahan (though there will be more on him later).  Again, there seems to have been course correction here from the poor â<U+0080><U+009D>Daenerys Targaryenâ<U+0080><U+009D> storyline in season 2.  It was lovely to hear Astapori Valyrian, another wonderful language from David Peterson.  Though I am not sure whether the casual viewer would be aware of Daenerysâ<U+0080><U+0099> understanding.The final section of the episode was wonderful, if somewhat predictable.  The manticore was more great CGI and the score to Barristanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s reveal was epic.Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing:  Oh how I love Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing and this episode is no different.  I found every scene, other than Bronnâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pointless brothel scene and having to endure Aiden Gillenâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Littlefinger on screen, captivating.  Natalie Dormer really brought her A-game as Margaery.  I think that this is one of the benefits to having introduced her in the second season.  We already know what she is about but this episode added a tonne of flesh to those bones.Charles Dance and Peter Dinklage gave me goosebumps during that confrontation scene.  Another wonderful piece of acting.  I am enjoying the less confident Tyrion following the battle.  I look forward to all of their other scenes to come.All the small things:  This episode was brimming with moments that made my heart soar.  I loved the small conversation between Roose Bolton and Rickard Karstark, where Roose promises revenge for his sonsâ<U+0080><U+0099> deaths.  I love how the scornful look of the Northmen forced Robb to find a cell for his mother.  I loved Talisaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brief appearance (though did anyone else notice that Oonaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s sigil in the credits is two circling lions...).  I loved Davosâ<U+0080><U+0099> rock and Sallador Saan.  I loved all of the establishing shots â<U+0080><U+0093> Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing from the Blackwater and Astapor from Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ships.What I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like:So I guess you must be wondering what I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like about the episode?  Well there are two things: direction and structure. Direction: I have already mentioned that I thought that Minahan has some moments of brilliance in this episode; the way that he captures Astapor is beautiful and the framing of Margaery speaking to the septa from within Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s litter is a touch of genius.  Yet he also has his flaws as a director â<U+0080><U+0093> in the first season he butchered one of my favourite scenes from the novels (Ned confessing to Cersei) so perhaps I hold a grudge.Minahan seems to really struggle to direct action sequences.  Minahan directed three episodes in season one: â<U+0080>˜A Golden Crownâ<U+0080><U+0099>, â<U+0080>˜You Win or You Dieâ<U+0080><U+0099> and â<U+0080>˜The Pointy Endâ<U+0080><U+0099>.  I have always thought that he struggles with action, particularly in the GRRM penned â<U+0080>˜The Pointy Endâ<U+0080><U+0099>.  His framing of Arya killing the stable boy is (for me) the worst moment of the entire show so far, it took me completely out of the scene.  He also seemed to struggle with the Wight attacking Mormont at Castle Black.  He seems to get quite glitchy during these scenes â<U+0080><U+0093> and cuts about all over the place.We see this style of direction again in this episode and it pulls the viewer out of both the cold open and the episodeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s climax.  When Sam is running through the snow we are treated to this dark, foreboding snow storm â<U+0080><U+0093> we know why he is running and we are willing him to be ok.  Then he is attacked by the wight and the camera jumps all over the place.  It is a mess.  Dragging us out of the horror of the scene while the director plays with camera angles.  Then the wight is suddenly set on fire... great... and Mormont is standing right beside it?!  The direction is really poor, which leads me to be disappointed in the cold open.The action at the end is equally poor and choppy.  I hope the idea for Barristan wearing that ridiculous cloak to attempt a classic bait and switch was not his idea.  This would have involved that Barristan and not the little girl was the assassin.  Anyway, the fight with the manticore was just messy â<U+0080><U+0093> sloppy even â<U+0080><U+0093> direction.  We hardly see Dany get pushed for a start.  Again it drags you away from the action and the importance of the sequence.I sincerely hope that Minahan does not have much action to direct in the next episode.  He just needs to leave the camera alone.  Pick an angle and stick to it.  Rant over â<U+0080><U+0093> until next week I imagine.
77	High Garden	2013-04-01	Pretty awesome. Loved Littlefinger, as usual, which means I hated him. But what was up with Robb going to Harrenhal? I guess it makes sense for the Brave Companions to take the K.S. there in a few episodes, as they will then serve the North, but I hope Robb makes it to Riverrun soon. That would be bogus if he didn't.
78	lightbringer333	2013-04-01	first scene was disappointing. thought it was goin to be awesome battle of walker and crows.
79	Nudu	2013-04-01	8/10. It was great.
80	Mr Hodor	2013-04-01	6 for the reveal of selmy...but i guess that was unavoidable.
81	Cory	2013-04-01	No battle of the fist. 
No obsidian.
No Sam the slayer 
No small Paul
And well, besides the Tyrion tywin scene not much really happened IMHO I was disappointed
82	Woftis	2013-04-01	I gave a 6. I've been watching the first two series as a warm up and I don't think it really compared to the older episodes although I think it's just a warm up episode.
I am looking forward to when it all kicks off though.
83	ipsuel	2013-04-01	I gave it an 8... but it's a high 8. 
Sure, it wasn't action packed, but I enjoyed that. I felt like we had more time to really enjoy each storyline (and that is a nice change imo). I loved the nod to book-readers about Tyrion's nose -- and overall I just really enjoyed it *so* much more than the opener of last season. 
Minor (very minor) gripes: I wish Mance was more Mance-ish, I want Selmy to have his staff, and I want Ghost with Jon. (In fact, I really want them to explore their bond more this year overall. I think viewers need that, but we'll see.) But again, these are minor and didn't detract from my enjoyment at all really.   
Tyrion/Tywin: Seriously perfect.
Roose Bolton: Not much time yet, but I feel like he's going to be amazing in this role. *fingers crossed*
Dany's story: I enjoyed it, which is saying something for me.
Littlefinger: Was just 'eh' to me. But I think that's the writing. Too obvious for my taste. 
Stannis/Davos: I will love these two no matter what :-)
Everything else was good but not stand-out-ish to me. Overall, I think we're off to a great start!
84	Leia	2013-04-01	7/10 - It would be a 6 if it wasn't the premiere of the season.
85	protar	2013-04-01	Also, I would have thought that we'd actually get the line Valar Dohaeris in this episode, but apparently not. I guess I should be pleased that there was an exclusive nod to book readers.
86	lokisnow	2013-04-01	This was a solid 8, let down by the lack of Arya and the fist of First men cocktease of black leader and sound effects rather than a battle.  If you can't afford a battle then just start with Sam running, don't give the viewers half a blowjob just because you can afford a SFX library.
87	Loras	2013-04-01	Also, I would have thought that we'd actually get the line Valar Dohaeris in this episode, but apparently not. I guess I should be pleased that there was an exclusive nod to book readers.It is a great title considering how well it linked all of the stories within the episode.
88	Reposado	2013-04-01	Decent. Maybe a 7. Very first episode but at least they cut out arts and bran. 
Felt it. Was a huge mistake to order Santa story the way they did. Unsullied should have been introduced and solved in one episode. Barristan into felt like interlude and looked unrealistic
89	protar	2013-04-01	It is a great title considering how well it linked all of the stories within the episode.It worked, but I was surprised it wasn't worked into the episode itself. The scene with the Unsullied would have been a perfect spot for it.
90	Katydid	2013-04-01	Opening sequence was a HUGE letdown.  After the cliffhanger of S2, for them to just fade to black, have a few background noises of yelling and a sword or two clanging, then *poof*, it's all magically over?  Kinda lame.I've tried to like Emilia Clarke as Dany, but I just can't do it anymore.  She's so wooden.  She was adequate as mousy!Dany in S1, but as her story progresses and becomes more rich and exciting, as Dany grows into her role as a leader and potential ruler of Westeros - - I don't think Emilia has the range to cover it.  She looks the part just fine, but her yawn-worthy performace takes me right out of it.  I hope that changes along the course of S3.Someone refresh my memory - - after Jon captured Ygritte and non-canonically tied her up as a prisoner last season, was there any point where he told her he wanted to join Mance's gang?Ghost with Sam = /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />And I guess I should reconcile with the fact that the showrunners have an inexplicable hard-on for the Pointless Screentime Sucking Whore Ros.  We'll never be rid of her. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  I enjoyed the reveal of Selmy, and understand why that needed to be changed.  The audience could recognize the character, and hiding him as someone else serves no overall purpose in Dany's story, so that made sense.Tywin's spiteful rant at Tyrion was painful to watch.  Kudos to both of them, that scene was awesome.LOVED Margaery and Cersei's tension-filled dinner.  Both actresses played their parts perfectly, and the tug-of-war b/t them should be a beautiful development this season!
91	Golden Hand	2013-04-01	I gave it a 9.Only part I didn't like was Sam and the wight.Visuals were great.Tywin and Tyrion scene was epic.
92	thegreatwhitebear	2013-04-01	Gave it a 6. Idk why they continue to change things that would translate well to the screen. I mean mwnce/jon interaction was lackluster at most, though tywin/tyrion was awesome.  And y couldn't sam get the ravens off, what was the purpose of that change? I did like the setup with roose/karstark which makes u feel something is being built up, especially with tywins letter. But the way they mess with littlefingers character makes little to no sense. Wheres the subtleness of the character.  I love the show just sometimes I smh and ask y?
					
					
							Edited by thegreatwhitebear, 01 April 2013 - 01:13 PM.
93	WinterWarrior	2013-04-01	I gave it a 9 and really liked it. It was great for a first episode, getting the stage set for things to come. And I really liked the introduction of Selmy, they got right to the point. Sometimes I think the books just take too long to get where they are going (that plane needs to land.... instead of circling and circling) and I like that Selmy came on the scene, saved Dany, said who he was and asked for forgiveness all at once. That got rid of a lot of unnecessary pages of text right there. And I liked the tension in Cersei over Margaery already instead of waiting to see it all the way down in the 5th book.
I am not sure what Robb was doing at Harrenhal....and of course I really want to see Arya....and I wish Ghost was with Jon. But somehow I think Ghost will do more to help the Nights Watch then he would have done with Jon. And maybe he will be at Castle Black when Jon gets there.
Love this show....will watch it again tonight.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 01 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
94	MysteryNinja	2013-04-01	7/10
I liked returning to the Game of Thrones universe, but I felt the episode missed a bit oomph - after all that's been said about how this season would blow our minds, this first episode merely sets the stage and little else
memorable scenes for me: Dany and Jorah go shopping for an army; Tywin and Tyrion talk about the family (the ones that stick closest to the books /closedeyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':closedeyes:' />, I know)
Scenes I could do without: Bronn & naked lady #1, Margaery in the orphanage - this looked somewhat forced to me, the personally-handing-out-toys and ruffling-through-poor-parentless-kids-hair kinda charity lady
Edit spelling
					
					
							Edited by MysteryNinja, 01 April 2013 - 03:08 PM.
95	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	9/10, this episode made me happy. I had a lot of fear for it and was very much relieved. The first episode is always a challenge, but they've managed to squeeze a lot in there that had to be done that looked really great.I don't mind them leaving out the Wight attack on the Fist (for those complaining, it was only a flashback in the books, too). I've seen enough zombie films. As with the Aliens films, 1 Alien is scarier than a whole lot of Aliens, and in the same way 1 Wight is scarier than an army of Wights. James Cosmo was impressive as the Old Bear as always. I must've missed something but I was confused by Ghost's arrival at the Night's Watch. Since it looked like Sam had only just come running back from the initial attack Jeor's question on whether he sent the ravens didn't make much sense to me though, I feel like maybe there's a catch I missed.The Giant looked grand and realistic. Mance was excellently cast (I love that guy, he's both sympathetic and tough at the same time which is what you want in Mace), Tormund not really, he looks, sounds and appears terrible and stereotypical, acting more like Styr than book-Tormund. We finally saw the real Jon snow as he's supposed to be for a couple of seconds when he manages to convince Mance, I hope Jon carries this through and becomes the badass he's meant to be. While I liked her better initially Ygritte is now starting to irritate me in the show just as she did in the books...For once, a nude chick (the one with Bronn) is actually sexy. The sex / nude scenes in both books and show so far have never done much for me, I always found them rather cringe-worthy and gratuitous. We're getting into Bronn's sellsword philosophy more clearly and that's interesting.I can't for the life of me remember what Tyrion and Cersei talked about in their scene though. There were a few cheesy lines, Ser Meryn's 'loses the hand' line was pretty much copied from Craster, and kind of already used by Daeny once. Come on people, be more creative.Ros warning Shae about Littlefinger is kinda interesting, Sansa trying to play a game with Shae is funny and reminds me of the first season with Tyrion, it's also a nice metaphor for Sansa having more hope.Joffrey is clearly still a little shit, I hope they don't make the Tyrells too sympathetic... Everyone including the audience forgets that it's their army that was starving the city first.Stannis looks really handsome with his beard /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> It was good to see Salladhor Saan again, the portrayal makes me wish he was a more recurring character.I literally went 'OMG IT's QYBURN. *SQUEE*'. Really looking forward to seeing this guy's progression with the crowd from 'oh that poor man' to 'what'...?'The dragons are impressive.Tywin is an ass. While I liked the show's take on Tywin (it made him more interesting) I'm glad they finally showed what an ass he is and of course Charles Dance pulls it off brilliantly. I don't really like Tyrion (I have sympathy for him but I believe people forget his flaws too often) but I really felt for him the way Peter Dinklage played him, you could clearly see the sadness and how difficult it was for Tyrion to keep up his usual swagger.The Unsullied look great and the slaver was excellent. I remember loving his interaction with Missandei and how she translated the foul things he spewed at Dany, it's one of my favourite parts in the books, and they did get that across slightly.I'm also really glad to see Barristan again. He was my favourite 'second tier' character in Season 1 and one of the best-cast people looks-wise. Ian McElhinney brings this classy feel to the show, you can tell he's an actor of a past generation, but he adapts while still bringing his classy qualities to the show in a really great way.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 April 2013 - 01:58 PM.
96	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-01	Gave it the good ol' nine out o' ten. I didn't expect any flashy explosions and swordfights in the first episode so I wasn't disappointed, but it did make a lot of introductions to new plotlines and it had an ending that left an impression, so I'm pretty sure the pace will be getting quicker soon. 101 remains my favorite opening episode, very closely followed by 301.
97	drigoly	2013-04-01	7/10 barristan/mance scenes where rather underwhelming as well as the intro.
98	wolverine	2013-04-01	Gave it a 6. Idk why they continue to change things that would translate well to the screen. I mean mwnce/jon interaction was lackluster at most, though tywin/tyrion was awesome.  And y couldn't sam get the ravens off, what was the purpose of that change? I did like the setup with roose/karstark which makes u feel something is being built up, especially with tywins letter. But the way they mess with littlefingers character makes little to no sense. Wheres the subtleness of the character.  I love the show just sometimes I smh and ask y?My thoughts on the change were to create more drama for the surviving Nights Watchmen to make it back to the wall, otherwise no one knows what is really going on.I do think they make Littlefinger much more clearly an all around dirtball in the show.  Just as they have made Tyrion WAY more sympathetic.I gave it an 8.  I thought it was a decent intro to the season.  The giant looked awesome (could have been a bit harrier though).  I thought it was a great move to not make Selmy disguise himself as Arstan.
99	Conchobar	2013-04-01	Agree with those that thought it was a little slow.  Disappointed we did not see the battle from the NW at the start - felt this was a let-down after where we were left at the conclusion of Season 2.Jon's scene with Mance.  I don't know, felt a little....awkward.Liked: the look of the growing dragons, Tyrion's scene with Tywin.But looking forward to next week.It was too fast last season and now it is too slow? I'm telling you, asoiaf are the hardest to please.
100	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	7/10.
Great scenes (for me):
- Dany and the dragons/Astapor
- Tywin/Tyrion
- the dinner scene
- Davos/Stannis.
101	Alboin	2013-04-01	About 5 I guess...
(-)
Where is 2nd season finale Ros-Varis cliffhanger resolution?
What a weak way to get out of "we-have-no-money-for-another-battle-scene" situation... Don't invent an army of TWD zombies to begin with, so there won't be a problem to deal with it.
I just didn't get whole Herrenhol massacre thing... Are we supposed to think that Northern forces took over it somehow and then someone defeated them? Where was it explained? Yes, i know whole Roose Bolton and the brave companions story from the books, but on the screen it was just messed up.
Charity (by Margery) in a middle ages setup? It looks just plain wrong, even if she has smth in mind
Davos/Saladoor scene was just extremly boring.
(+)
Tyrion/Tywin scene is amazing (always happens when they stop inventing stuff)
Dinner with Margery was ok, expect I found funny how they played that Cersei is so old and Margery is so young, when both actresess are lookikng pretty much of the same age (although I guess Lena Hadey is about 10 years older, but that's 30 and 40 older, not 15 and 40). And why not to give Loras at least smth if he is already included in the scene?
Drogon and giant were cool, good job CGI team.
Liam Cunningham hate to the Red Woman was very well played
Whole Selmy scene including creepy little girl was great. I'm totally ok with skipping Arstan story, that could work in Shakespear theatre not on 21st century television.
					
					
							Edited by Alboin, 01 April 2013 - 01:34 PM.
102	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-01	About 5 I guess...(-)I just didn't get whole Herrenhol massacre thing... Are we supposed to think that Northern forces took over it somehow and then someone defeated them? Where was it explained? Yes, i know whole Roose Bolton and the brave companions story from the books, but on the screen it was just messed up.I think this is a case of that many book readers seem to start thinking about explanations in very werid and complicated places, instead of starting with the simple ones (not meant as an insult, just an observation). There's a war going and Harrenhal was used as the stronghold for one side for a time. In a war you take prisoners, directly shown by the last season, so the simplest explanation would be that the Lannisters had a bunch of northerners as prisioners and decided to kill them when they left (and leaving them to be found like that). That's definitely not so complicated that they need to spell it out. The books leave far more complicated things than that for the readers to figure out and perhaps that's why some people start thinking about complicated solutions right away.There's of course also the possibility of am additional thought behind the Lannisters doing that, but it's just speculation until we see what happens later on.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 01 April 2013 - 01:44 PM.
103	Alboin	2013-04-01	I think this is a case of that many book readers seem to start thinking about explanations in very werid and complicated places, instead of starting with the simple ones (not meant as an insult, just an observation). There's a war going and Harrenhal was used as the stronghold for one side for a time. In a war you take prisoners, directly shown by the last season, so the simplest explanation would be that the Lannisters had a bunch of northerners as prisioners and decided to kill them when they left (and leaving them to be found like that). That's definitely not so complicated that they need to spell it out. The books leave far more complicated things than that for the readers to figure out and perhaps that's why some people start thinking about complicated solutions right away.There's of course also the possibility of am additional thought behind the Lannisters doing that, but it's just speculation until we see what happens later on.That's a good point except we saw prisoners as prisoners in robes etc, but in the scene we see fully armored forces with pikes and swords etc
104	DragonsHungry	2013-04-01	This was an outstanding opening to the season.
The continuing struggle up north, Robb and Roose. I liked Sansa/Shae playing the game about ships, I thought that was a cool scene.
It is nice to see the Tyrell/Lannister rivalry rearing its ugly head right from the onset, that is awesome, the long Cersei/Margery arc beings. Tyrion and Tywin, nice to see that exchange.
I liked the fact they just put Barristan right there with Dany, that was awesome, the whole Arstan story won't work on TV, so it was cool to cut to the chase. It will give Dany and Barristan more time to sort of connect, it will make it interesting with Jorah, and more Barristan is awesome.
					
					
							Edited by DragonsHungry, 01 April 2013 - 01:48 PM.
105	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-01	fantastic TV adaptation.  I feel much more enthusiastic about this season than I did after watching episode 1 of season 2.That is exactly what I said last night.  I gave the episode a 9 out of 10.  It has to change here and there for the show and I was fine with that last night.  Loved the episode.  It feels more energetic than last season already.
106	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Thought it was average which for GoT is 7/10 rather than a 6.Liked- Lots of Roose- Dany scenes were good- Tyrion-Tywin, mainly cos they kept the book dialogueWould have liked- Fewer pointless scenes.  Bronn, Cersei-Tyrion, Bronn-Tyrion.  Genuinely, what was the point of these?- Decent opening scene instead of a cop-out.  Why not spend less on CGI for dragons eating fish and show us an undead fucking snow bear clawing some bloke's head off at the Fist of the First Men.- A Mance-Jon scene which isn't so simplified.  Don't think it's too much to ask for him to have an instrument or to tell Jon how he's already met him twice so we can think 'right this guy's cool'.- Roose calling someone friend and Tywin laughing!Also does anyone else get the feeling that1) they're making Joff-Marg into a romance2) they're really going for the 'common people' thing with the orphans, Ros-Shae talking about getting out of the gutter etc.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 01 April 2013 - 01:54 PM.
107	Sun	2013-04-01	6/10
The episode felt flat.
ETA:
Highlight of the ep was Tyrion/Tywin scene. Tyrion's face made my heart ache.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 01 April 2013 - 01:58 PM.
108	teemo	2013-04-01	i liked it more than i expected. surprisingly, i liked it a lot more than my non-book reader friends, who for the most part thought it was boring as hell.
109	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-01	That's a good point except we saw prisoners as prisoners in robes etc, but in the scene we see fully armored forces with pikes and swords etcI meant that we were shown that they had prisoners there in general. In the first season they of course just have random villagers but it seems like a pretty short step to them capturing some enemy soldiers as well as we do know that there's a lot of minor battles being held.
110	insertname	2013-04-01	8/10 I'd say
I liked most of the episode though I worry about how some of it is going to develop further into the season, but that's no reason to lower this episode's score
Positive:
Tyrion-Tywin scene was AMAZING. I was worried they were going to make Tywin too nice in the last season with Arya, but here he brings across perfectly how much he loathes Tyrion.
The Astapor scene overall worked good, I expected Valyrian too sound different somehow. Less...throaty? But that's a minor quibble. Although it bothers some, I think cutting the Belwas/Arstan storyline was a good decision, it really doesn't do much and saves some time.
I liked the dinner scene with Joffrey/Cersei, shows how much she lost control over him, and while it wasn't in the books, it could very well have happened that way, especially with an older Joffrey.
The compression with Davos was also done well I think - the talk between Salladhor Saan and Davos was uninteresting but I guess needed as setup.
Negative:
The charity scene felt very out of place...too modern in a way. It's not terribly out of character though. I wonder how much of it they're going to attribute to political cunning and how much to altruism.
Littlefinger is as blunt as always in the show, though I guess you could call it a virtue of not deviating from what's already been established.
The scenes in the north did not work for me.
They should have had Ghost staying with Jon. Him being a Warg was a large part of accepting him to the Wildlings. The entire storyline would have to work different for that though.
The "battle" on the fist was really weak. I do understand budget reasons but that just didn't work out....especially with the "huge wight army" cliffhanger from last season. (Also, here Sam doesn't send of the Ravens? How can you do that to him? Poor Sam! Didn't like that at all)
Mance and Tormund were a bit off to me, though that can be rectified. I did not buy Jon's "reason" to join the Wildlings at all. That just felt like BS to me. It just doesn't make sense. The book reason worked soo much better.
Neutral/Wonder where they're going with this
Huh, so Robb's at Harrenhal now...and Qyburn with him? I'm skeptical on this, especially since I don't like this storyline in the show to begin with (At least the only thing Talissa does here is tending the wounded and nothing more...)
Also, I still wonder how they're going to play out Roose Bolton now...Is Robb going to leave him at Harrenhal? I'd guess with Qyburn too and then they capture Jaime and hack his hand off?
111	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I thought it was somewhat flat.  The scenes with Tywin and Tyrion were good and the dinner with the Tyrells and Lannisters was great, as was the scene with Margaery doing her Lady Di impression.  The Dany stuff was good.  The rest was kind of weak.  More Ros, and Shae continues to become more and more a completely different person than in the books, and a pointless scene with Bronn and a whore.  Considering they only have 10 episodes they manage to waste a fair amount of time on purposeless scenes.
And, forgive me, but where did the dead Northmen come from?  Who killed them?  There was no mention of any Northmen last season being kept prisoner, Arya never mentions them and no weasle soup to free them, she frees nobody but herself, Hot Pie and Gendry...so, color me very confused as to what was supposed to have happened at Harrenhall.
112	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-01	I can have no hate for this episode at all.  I gave it a 9/10.  The Giant was awesome.  Tyrion/Cersie was awesome.  Tyrion/Tywin was one of the best scenes ever.  The unsullied scenes were amazing.  They actually showed all three dragons.  Selmy back in the fold was amazing (no issues with the passing on Whitebeard).  Ghost was amazing.  I really like Margery Tyrell a lot.  Way more confident than Sansa was.  You can tell Joff is in over his head with her and the Tyrells.  Bronn/Kingsguard was a great scene (although it deviates from the books). Harrenhall scene made sense to me in that I am guessing the Lannisters killed everyone before leaving for Kings Landing.  Welcome Qyburn!!!
Only wish is that they showed some sort of struggle at the Fist of the First men but what can you do?  You can tell the production dept. got more money to use this season.  And of course I wish it was longer.
113	SulliedOne	2013-04-01	Much agreed re the charity scene.  But I guess it provides and quick and easy method of establishing her as the People's Queen".
LOVED the Tyroin/Tywin scene.
But why was the red-haired whore with Littlefinger on the docks?  I thought that Cersei had emprisoned her, and was going to do to her, whatever happened to Myrcella?  Why would Cersei have given her back to Littlefinger?
114	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-01	It looks like I was in the minority, but I was really disappointed with this episode. 5.
(+)
The Giant
Tyrion & Tywin scene
Dany & Jorah with the unsullied
Nixing the Artsan whitebeard to Barristan Selmy transition
(-)
Fist of the First Men -- seriously? You know this is going to be a slower episode with so many story arc's going on at once so they nix what could have been an epic fighting scene with sounds of swords?
Jon's scene with Mance -- I understand cutting some stuff, but the TONE was all wrong. It just missed the mark
Robb imprisoning his mother at Harrenhall -- this never happens, and it makes no sense for it to happen in the show
Margery with the children -- there are many other ways to make it clear Margery is loved by the commons. In reality, Margery picks flowers and goes on picnics, not giving toys to flea bottom children
Loras' quote -- "Margery does quite a bot of work with the poor back at Highgarden" I laughed out loud. Honestly the most idiotic line in GOT history.
The Roz/Shae scene -- pointless. gods i cannot stand Roz.
On another note, Im really going to miss Strong Belwas. I understand that it might be a bit much to put in the show, but damn he was hilarious.
					
					
							Edited by Lux in Tenebris, 01 April 2013 - 02:14 PM.
115	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-01	7/10. It reminded me of S2's opener; not jawdropping, but laying the groundwork. 
Tywin's hate speech was about as stinging as I wanted. Props for that.
116	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-01	8/10 I'd sayI liked most of the episode though I worry about how some of it is going to develop further into the season, but that's no reason to lower this episode's scorePositive:Tyrion-Tywin scene was AMAZING. I was worried they were going to make Tywin too nice in the last season with Arya, but here he brings across perfectly how much he loathes Tyrion.The Astapor scene overall worked good, I expected Valyrian too sound different somehow. Less...throaty? But that's a minor quibble. Although it bothers some, I think cutting the Belwas/Arstan storyline was a good decision, it really doesn't do much and saves some time.I liked the dinner scene with Joffrey/Cersei, shows how much she lost control over him, and while it wasn't in the books, it could very well have happened that way, especially with an older Joffrey.The compression with Davos was also done well I think - the talk between Salladhor Saan and Davos was uninteresting but I guess needed as setup.Negative:The charity scene felt very out of place...too modern in a way. It's not terribly out of character though. I wonder how much of it they're going to attribute to political cunning and how much to altruism.Littlefinger is as blunt as always in the show, though I guess you could call it a virtue of not deviating from what's already been established.The scenes in the north did not work for me.They should have had Ghost staying with Jon. Him being a Warg was a large part of accepting him to the Wildlings. The entire storyline would have to work different for that though.The "battle" on the fist was really weak. I do understand budget reasons but that just didn't work out....especially with the "huge wight army" cliffhanger from last season. (Also, here Sam doesn't send of the Ravens? How can you do that to him? Poor Sam! Didn't like that at all)Mance and Tormund were a bit off to me, though that can be rectified. I did not buy Jon's "reason" to join the Wildlings at all. That just felt like BS to me. It just doesn't make sense. The book reason worked soo much better.Neutral/Wonder where they're going with thisHuh, so Robb's at Harrenhal now...and Qyburn with him? I'm skeptical on this, especially since I don't like this storyline in the show to begin with (At least the only thing Talissa does here is tending the wounded and nothing more...)Also, I still wonder how they're going to play out Roose Bolton now...Is Robb going to leave him at Harrenhal? I'd guess with Qyburn too and then they capture Jaime and hack his hand off?Robb will leave Harrenhall with Roose while he and his Mother (and others) travel to Riverrun where her father finally dies.  Then all else will happen with Jaime, a bear, Qyburn, etc, etc, etc.  Vargo Hoat will be in the show since Bolton already said his best person is looking for him (I forget the exact quote).
					
					
							Edited by A Redeemed Hound, 01 April 2013 - 02:19 PM.
117	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-01	i liked it more than i expected. surprisingly, i liked it a lot more than my non-book reader friends, who for the most part thought it was boring as hell.My non-book reader husband loved it.  can't wait for the next one and the characters they didn't show this time.He would have given it a 10 (but he says that about all the episodes).
118	Sun and Moon	2013-04-01	Despite having a few quibbles, I enjoyed the episode, and gave it a seven.
The main scene that caused me to mark down, was that of Margaery with the orphans. Whilst I appreciate what the writers were trying to do, I thought the scene was ridiculously heavy handed.
Like so many others, I was a little under-awed by the scene with Jon and Mance, and yes, I was looking out for the lining of his cloak. I always viewed it as a symbol of Mance's defiance. I was quite surprised when I heard of Hinds being cast... he is certainly not what I pictured in my head, but he's a actor of considerable charisma, so I'll be interested to see what he does with the role, nonetheless.
The Unsullied? ...hmmm... babies? ...hmmm? For the time being, I'm going to reserve judgement, but was the original idea not that they would carry out orders, even those that were of personal detriment? I don't see that this change adds anything, but manages to detract plenty.
There was much to like, however, and many of the departures from the source material, for e.g. Selmy not bothering with his pseud, was a good move, and made sense. Why attempt the pretense, when screen time is so precious? Okay, so we've lost Belwas, but I can live with it.
Great scenes with many of the other characters. I especially enjoyed Tywin and Tyrion, Davos and Saan, to name but two.
Massive kudos, to the guys responsible for the C.G.I. I was so impressed how wonderfully they handled the depiction of the Giant. Tasteful and not over played in the least. When I first heard ASOIAF was making it's way to the telly, this aspect troubled me most. I was afraid, if done badly, it would make it harder for those watching who are not of a fantasy bent, to take the series seriously, and as these aspects will only become stronger, the further into it we go, sympathetic handling is essential. Going on what I've seen, so far, I'm quietly optimistic.
And now... a repeat viewing is the order of the hour.
119	Stannis the Menace	2013-04-01	Gave it  a 9/10.  When i don't see great moments from the book in the show i get really disappointed but i have to remind myself its an adaptation and a lot of those moments wont make the cut. It was a strong first episode, it felt very rushed but it was all set up for what seems to be a great season 3. The beginning with Sam and Ghost coming out of no where i thought was the weakest part. Excited for next week and what i hope will be a great dracarys moment!Yea if they somehow mess that up, I will not watch the show anymoreno i still will watch it lol, but after they botched the battle of the blackwater im a little apprehensive
120	Tony Soprano	2013-04-01	9/10
I loved the episode.The new characters were great, especially Tormund. To be honest though, Ciaran Hinds wasn't the kind of Mance I expected. I mean, he's a great actor and all, and he did a great job, but Mance isn't supposed to be so...regal. I don't know, maybe it's because of Rome, but I think Hinds made Mance look like Caesar. 
I was very happy to see that they're giving Michael McElhatton more screentime. Roose is a crucial character this season. I hope they expand his story a bit. He's a brilliant actor, and I can't wait to see his character development leading up to the Red Wedding. 
Also, I fell in love with Astapor the second I saw it. It looks so beautiful, and yet, so terrifying. For a second, I thought the actor who plays Kraznys was Ben Kingsley. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
He didn't fit the description in the books at all, but I don't think that's a bad thing. In fact, it's an improvement. I also loved the Valyrian dialogue. I'm so glad Dany's ruse made the cut. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Stannis and Davos didn't get all that much screentime, but I was still very happy to see them both in the first episode. Both Dillane and Cunningham did a great job. They're defeated, they've lost everything, but they keep on fighting. The actors did a great job of portraying that. 
The only downside to the episode was the absence of Jaime, Brienne and the Stark kids. It's understandable, but I would have liked to see a glimpse of Jaime and Brienne nonetheless. 
Anyway, it was a great season premiere. Game of Thrones is just blowing every other show out of the water. I can't wait for the second episode. .
121	septsecond	2013-04-01	I think they had to start slowly because of the overlap to ASOS at the end of Season 2.  Hopefully, the buildup after this will be better.  For those of us who know the books and tv series chapter and verse, it can be frustrating - like, come on already!  If they would have caught up with each character, it would be been a soundbite - that wouldn't work.  All in all, I was glued to the screen; that's got to say something.
122	lostinwesteros	2013-04-01	It looks like I was in the minority, but I was really disappointed with this episode. 5.(+)The GiantTyrion &amp; Tywin sceneDany &amp; Jorah with the unsulliedNixing the Artsan whitebeard to Barristan Selmy transition(-)Fist of the First Men -- seriously? You know this is going to be a slower episode with so many story arc's going on at once so they nix what could have been an epic fighting scene with sounds of swords?Jon's scene with Mance -- I understand cutting some stuff, but the TONE was all wrong. It just missed the markRobb imprisoning his mother at Harrenhall -- this never happens, and it makes no sense for it to happen in the showMargery with the children -- there are many other ways to make it clear Margery is loved by the commons. In reality, Margery picks flowers and goes on picnics, not giving toys to flea bottom childrenLoras' quote -- "Margery does quite a bot of work with the poor back at Highgarden" I laughed out loud. Honestly the most idiotic line in GOT history.The Roz/Shae scene -- pointless. gods i cannot stand Roz.On another note, Im really going to miss Strong Belwas. I understand that it might be a bit much to put in the show, but damn he was hilarious.My sentiments exactly.  Last night after the show I got on here and truly wanted to give it a "5" but caved to a guilty conscience and gave it a "7".  When oh when will I learn to "listen to me and not to them"!... What, no emoticons with iPad version?
123	Stannis the Menace	2013-04-01	Since there was no Strong Belwas introduced with Selmy, do you think he was cut completely?  While he isnt a major character by any means, he does come into play in some crucial moments
maybe he is one of the freed slaves that tags along after Dany sacks astapor?
124	Greywolf2375	2013-04-01	It's great TV, but it has a very high bar to measure against.
Davos - I liked that they cut out his internal monologue of being on the spires, I didn't like how they had him interact with Saan, it was too adversarial.
Fist/Sam - not seeing the fight is fine, I've almost never thought they needed to show more fighting.  Sam being ignored still seems to much deus ex machina to have at this point, it was just as easy to have him run away, look back and see the WW and pan out.
Dany/Unsullied - I liked it just fine, they kept in the derision from the slave owner and kept her perspective.
Roz/Shae - wasted time on screen.
Jon/Mance - I think the way they did this lost out on a lot.  Jon wanting to live does not give him the connection to Mance that he built with his "And where did they seat the bastard?" dialogue.  It gives no reason to Mance to truly believe he has switched his cloak for just that reason.
Barristan - it would have been very difficult to do, but his immediate reveal loses a lot.  At this point an apology is what is keeping Dany from having her dragons roast him for letting her family die and going over to Robert.
Dragons - not sure if it was just this instance, but last season the dragons seemed part of the picture, this time they looked more like a SyFy movie FX, was a little disappointed in how they looked.  That being said, the giant looked fantastic.
Harrenhall - rather disjointed, it's like they are trying to tie everyone to specific locations.
7/10.  Good start to the season, room for improvement but enjoyable to watch.
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 01 April 2013 - 02:32 PM.
125	Little Wing	2013-04-01	8/10
Loved the Dany scenes, and that doesn't happen often. Don't mind the Marge scene with the kids although they made her seem like the modern day politicians... still, didn't mind it much.  Loved Davos scenes (omg, his face when Mel touches him... ) and the Tywin/Tyrion scene was awesome, Tywin is a heartless prick...  Still wary of the Beyond the Wall gang... we shall see...
Still cringe at the whole Robb/Cat storyline...........  Also, Roose seems like a stand up guy ... what the what HBO?  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
126	DaveRoid	2013-04-01	7/10.Great scenes (for me):- Dany and the dragons/Astapor- Tywin/Tyrion- the dinner scene- Davos/Stannis.Agree with this dude.Also to add I LOVED Missandra and the slave owner's acing and dialogue. "They fear nothing" colloquy was delivered so well I had a small shiver lol.
					
					
							Edited by DaveRoid, 01 April 2013 - 02:51 PM.
127	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-01	Actually didn't like it, I am beginning to thing that making the book a show was a mistake, too many characters and plots to ever be a well told story, there was no arya, bran, jaime, briene, varys, greyjoy in the episode at all and only jon dany tyrion did anything significant, the harenhal scene made no sense, god if i hadn't read the books i don;t know how i could watch the show
128	Jaxom 1974	2013-04-01	I thought it was a pretty solid start.
Dany's scenes were nice.  It was good to see that there were still SOME Dothraki with her, as the end of last season gave the impression that there were all dead or gone.  Was that a couple of her bloodriders on deck?  Hard to tell.  There is a bit lacking from her developing inner circle with the direction the show's gone vs. the books.
Shifting a lot of Barristan's secert identity by elimnating it shouldn't be too much of an issue.  It is rather irrelevant as they eliminated the whole prophecy of the House of the Undying, so the wondering over betrayals and the like matter little.  So it should work.
My biggest disappointment came in the whole Sansa/Littlefinger bit.  Where's the mystery?  But let's see how they twist about this storyline once they introduce the Queen of Thorns next week. 
As a side, the Shae/Roz thing is what it is, but it grates that there are implications that both of these women are far more than they seem to be.
The Jon/Mance scene played well, but I don't know why they felt they had to deviate from the books there.  Jon's book speech about why he's come over worked so very well.
I forget exactly how the book plays out, so I'm wondering about how they'll resolve Davos in the dungeon.
As the battle at the fist was only told to us in Sam's frenzied memory, I don't know that it matters if we saw it or not other than it might have "looked cool".  Though it would have been nice to know Sam did get the ravens away...
129	teemo	2013-04-01	My non-book reader husband loved it.  can't wait for the next one and the characters they didn't show this time.He would have given it a 10 (but he says that about all the episodes).lol, my husband is the total opposite. he's hated them all, but watches it with me because he knows they're based off my favorite books. i think he liked the blackwater episode so-so, but that's it...he calls it a medieval soap opera snoozefest..."It's only ever two people in a room talking to each other."
130	GeorgeIAF	2013-04-01	I gave it a 10 because even though i'm a book reader i found the first episode very enjoyable despite the fact that it seemed a bit rushed at times, i liked the way they showed the dragons, very good cgi for a TV Show, also the introduction of the Unsullied was good, for the 1st episode it couldnt be better. I was not feeling let down in this episode, also i was happy that they insisted on Roose a bit more than in previous episodes, i hope they will build on his character. In the end i think it is all about our expectations, maybe some were expecting alot more from the beginning ...
131	utecifa	2013-04-01	7.
Solid for a season debut. I think season debuts are likely the hardest to write and pull off. A nice effort.
I don't rate it any higher or lower than season 2's to be honest. I felt the same after watching both. Solid but not great.
As for Ros/Shae. I think it's necessary because I think they're swapping roles from the book. I won't go into any further detail than to say, I think Ros will wind up the Shae from the books, and Shae will wind up the Tysha from the books. So I think they're setting the stage for that.
					
					
							Edited by utecifa, 01 April 2013 - 02:59 PM.
132	Abaddon	2013-04-01	I'm feeling an 8.5.  Since I can't do that, I'm going to knock it down to an 8 "plus", because I don't think it quite deserves a 9.A few random notes:- I don't have as much a problem with the opening as most people seem to.  I wouldn't call it a standout of the episode but I am fine with them skipping the battle.- The Giant rocked.  They do such a great job of not making things "too fantasy".  There has to be an edge of plausibility and they do that very well.- I liked the change in Jon's stated motivation in deserting.  I think the 'bastard' bit worked for a proud 14 yr old boy in the books but would have felt a bit ridiculous for the Jon Snow in the series.  I also liked that they built on the previous change of Jon actually seeing the Walker and Mormont knowing (not just suspecting something weird was afoot).  It makes me dislike that change a little bit less, and shows they are at least thoughtfully considering their changes, even in cases where I don't like them...- I will need to re-watch the Robb in Harrenhall bit.  My guests (I host a smallish party every week of the show) were talking during this and I missed a lot of conversation /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />- I am intrigued by the introduction of Qyburn 'surviving' the bloodbath at Harrenhall
	Spoiler I think this is an indication that in the show the Roose/Tywin connection might have come about due to Qyburn being a plant by the Lannister forces.  I am pretty bad about reading between the lines in the books so I don't know if anything like this was ever implied or not.
- Loved the Kings Landing stuff, all of it.  The Tywin/Tyrion scene being the standout, naturally.- Davos (yay) and Dragonstone were good.  Glad to see Salla back, hope we get to see him more than once this season.- Loved the Astapor stuff, all of it.  Out of the entire episode the Dany stuff WOWed me more than anything else (other than the Giant, I suppose).I'm really looking forward to catching up with the rest of the gang next week.  And then... onward, and upward!
133	Lyana	2013-04-01	Hesitating between 7 and 8. Gave it an 8 tho. That episode was so anticipated, that I didn't care about the book deviations. 
It was a nice set up for the ongoing story, but visually weaker that the previous pilot episodes.
But in general - thumbs up! I've enjoyed it a lot /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
134	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	i liked it more than i expected. surprisingly, i liked it a lot more than my non-book reader friends, who for the most part thought it was boring as hell.Infidels! Give them to the Drowned God!
135	ServantOnIce	2013-04-01	8/10. Slow but necessary slow. Thought the scene with Bronn and the Working Girl was a bit unnecessary. But overall things flowed smoothly. I was impressed by Dormer as Madge Tyrell.  Joffrey seems to be getting a real affection for Madge.  It will play powerfully into her plot.
136	ServantOnIce	2013-04-01	Infidels! Give them to the Drowned God!What do you get when you mix the faith of the Drowned God with the faith of R'hllor?   STEAM!!!
137	jarl the climber	2013-04-01	I gave it an 8. The general consensus seems to be that it was good episode with a few minor flaws. Most people seemed to have enjoyed the scenes with Marge in KL, I am one of those, it gives us some insights that we did not get in the book. The three gripes that keep coming up are Jons storyline, LF/Sansa and Rob/Cat. I can understand why they did not want to blow a lot of money with a fight scene at the Fist but Jons arc has been underwhelming so far and probaly will be til next season. They are making some changes with Sansas arc and I will reserve judgement til it plays out. I honestly do not have a problem with Robb and Cats arc, its different from the books but that is fine.
138	protar	2013-04-01	One thing I did think was a mistake was the lack of new characters introduced. That can bog down an opening episode but it can also move the plot forward which I felt was rather lacking in KL. KL was pretty much all a recap of S2 E10. I would've replaced the orphan scene with the QOT's arrival and then maybe had her dinner meeting with Sansa instead of the scene with LF at the docks.
139	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-01	Yea if they somehow mess that up, I will not watch the show anymoreno i still will watch it lol, but after they botched the battle of the blackwater im a little apprehensiveIf you think they botched the battle of the Blackwater then you really should be more than a little apprehensive. That episode had an absolutely enormous budget for a TV show, and it was written by George himself, so there's basically no realistic way anything could have been done better. That should be the limit of how close the show possibly can come to the large scenes of the books.
140	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	8/10
-1 for the terrible Mance/Tormund/Jon interaction. Jon's story where he earns his cloak is one of my favourite in his POVs. Tormund is all wrong, not a single "Hur Hur!" or boast about his member
-1 for the Fist. Budget restrictions aside it's a massive letdown after the epic ending scene of season 2.
Everything else was brilliant in my opinion. Davos/Stannis/Mel interaction was great. I love the tension between Joff and Cersei. 
The Tyrion and Tywin scene is one of the best interactions I've seen on TV. You really feel for Tyrion and can see Tyrwin's sheer dislike of Tyrion. I really hope to see more scenes with these two. I can't wait to seem him put Joff in his place.
Astapor was brilliant! Really looking forward to seeing the outcome on the big screen.
141	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-04-01	Ok, let's go. I gave a 6, but I'm wavering as to whether it should be a 7. Then I remember the Fist scene....
Pros first:
Margaery. Yeah-huh. I've read Ran's analysis of the episode, and he's not really sold on either Dormer or the angle they used for this scene. I see his point, but don't agree completely. Firstly, I think that Dormer did a good job in her scenes, having not been at all convinced by her in season 2. Meanwhile, I see the criticism attached to the scene at the Flea Bottom orphanage (that it doesn't fit with the time period), but I don't think that Margaery's actions are that out of place. I'm pretty certain that there are anecdotes of monarchs such as Elizabeth I conversing with and mingling with "low-born" members of society. The idea of political spin was prevalent way back when too. I also think there is a need to establish that the Tyrells are indeed playing the Game. We never get a POV from them, and much of Cersei's perfectly valid criticisms lie behind too many layers of egomania and paranoia. I also thought the dinner scene was good. Joffrey reminds me more and more of Nero.
Tyrion/Cersei/Tywin- Well acted, well crafted scenes. You could argue the Cersei/Tyrion one was necessary, but I think they're really trying to emphasis Tyrion's isolation, both politically and from his family.
Kraznys was very good, as were the visuals of the Giant, the Dragons etc.
Weaknesses:
RIP the characters formerly known as Catelyn and Robb Stark.
Extend this to Littlefinger as well. The beauty of Sansa's escape lies entirely in the shock the reader gets at "hearing" LF's voice, then having him emerge from the shadows. Removing Dontos and essentially refusing to acknowledge the presence of either Varys or the fact that LF conversing with Sansa in the open would place suspicion upon a man whose primary motto is to keep one's hands clean. I mean, I can just about see the logic behind this if it looks like they're throwing a curveball (should LF tell the Small Council about Sansa's betrothal to Willas when it comes around), but even so, show LF is a poor imitation of his literary counterpart. 
The Fist debacle. I've seen this criticism elsewhere, but it's perfectly valid. Why bother going to the trouble of making the massive CGI White Walker army and then doing jack with them? It just seems a complete waste. The plotholes regarding this storyline were also incredibly frustrating. Why is Ghost with the NW? It makes no sense. Likewise Mormont chastising Sam. Oh, Sam didn't get the ravens off in time? Well maybe that's because he was made to go out on patrol. Away from his ravens. The ravens that were supposedly his only job. Anyway, if he didn't get the ravens off, so what? Are they dead now? Because if Sam didn't get them off they're probably still on the Fist. The scene just made no sense. 
Waiting to pass judgement on Mance and Tormund, but that scene was ok, as were the Davos scenes.
It's been indicated that the episodes will get progressively better. Let's hope so, because there is much to improve upon.
142	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	The Fist debacle. I've seen this criticism elsewhere, but it's perfectly valid. Why bother going to the trouble of making the massive CGI White Walker army and then doing jack with them? It just seems a complete waste. The plotholes regarding this storyline were also incredibly frustrating. Why is Ghost with the NW? It makes no sense. Likewise Mormont chastising Sam. Oh, Sam didn't get the ravens off in time? Well maybe that's because he was made to go out on patrol. Away from his ravens. The ravens that were supposedly his only job. Anyway, if he didn't get the ravens off, so what? Are they dead now? Because if Sam didn't get them off they're probably still on the Fist. The scene just made no sense.I have no idea how they messed this up so badly. Its like it was written by someone who didn't see the Season 2 ending scene.
143	Maizel	2013-04-01	I've got it at an 8/10.  The episode felt a little slow, and many characters were not even seen.  Understandably so, but still. 
All Tyrion scenes were highlights of the episodes. 
I'm not much of a book-thumper,  but there were some changes that irked me bit.  Jon's excuse for example,  paper thin.
144	kevin1989	2013-04-01	A 8. Some things were good some things weren't. But overall a good start of the season, best start really. And we have too look at it as a half premiere, because half the characters are in episode 2. So first half of the premiere of the season is a 8.
Now scenes by scene:
-+ First scene, wonderful scene, as a book reader I was afraid that Sam was going to die. They did there job good, shame there wasn't a little bit more budget. Even 10 seconds where we see Mormont killing one wight more would be enought. But still great season opener. They let us really know what will going to happen if nobody get's back to the wall. And why are people complaining about Sam being a failure? Because in my opinion this is better for the show, because they can have a build up for Sam. He will be more brave at Crastens Keep, and later killing an other. BAM Sam changed. But I don't see why people complaining. The season ends with Sam, and this season begins with Sam. Nice way of telling the battle in my eyes.
+ The scene with Jon. Loved how he was welcomed by the wildlings. Tormund mistaken for Mance was funny. D&D were smart by choosing a different reason as in the books, even that reason was better, the whole story would have been too long. And what an actor is Cirian hinds. And we got a giant. Wonderful to see him building things. Great adaption, not perfect but great.
+ scene with Bronn. Not because it was a great scene, but they have learned that they don't need a major sexscene in the show.
+ Tyrion/ Cercei: Great scene, frightened Cercei was great. Wonderful story about the past. Shows how Cercei was back then and how Tyrion was. And don't forget bronn and ser Meryn dialogue that was great.
+ Bronn and Tyrion together was in someway beautiful.
+ Davos rescue was well done, well played by Liam. And the scene with Salador was great. You're a great father. made me cry.
- robb scene: Feels like we missing something. This could have been better left for episode 2, or Davos had to be left for season 2 so that there was more Robb story here. It felt incomplete. But I loved the Bolton/ Karstark scene.
++ The scene with Tyrion and Tywin. Heartbreaking.
+ I really liked the Sansa scene. Love to see how she was playing the game with Shea, nice build-up for next 2 seasons. Loved the two quotes that Sansa said, about rich people getting drunk and that the truth is either boring or horrible. Even if I understand why they needed to let LF tell Sansa directly about taking here, it was a shame that first he was so directly, instead of saying that he will help here, but when he can, she will hear it (through Ross for instance), and second, that he told here about Arya. This could have better be told later.
+ Dragons do I need to say more /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> You can see all three of them. Dothraki being sick was awesome.
-+ Melisandre/ Davos/ Stannis: Wonderful scene, wonderful how Stannis is doing. only problem is the way Melisandre behave. Not Carice's fault but a writing fault. She would never provoke somebody like she did in the show. I'm talking of course about talking about Mathos. And doesn't Liam perform great this episode.
+++ My favorite scene of the episode. Margery at the orphanage. And didn't she go behind Jofrey's back here?
++ Cercei's dinner party: Great set-up for later. And first time I liked Jofrey. My mother's getting old. whahaha. Still I found him a dick. And poor Cercei.
+ Astapor: The scene with the Unsulied was great. Nice that Kraznyk called Danny a whore. The nipple thing is in. Nice scene after with the child and Baristan. Great that they show him directly because everybody that know Baristan will know it's him. And everybody that doesn't wouldn't get even if they did it later on.
145	SFA-OK	2013-04-01	5/10. These writers just aren't very good. Nothing has been improved from the first two seasons. Boring and cliched direction, pacing, etc. Nothing has improved.
146	tryagainlater	2013-04-01	I gave it a 7. I enjoyed it but it was really just there for set-up. Loved the giant and Tyrion/Tywin was perfect. The last scene with Dany and Selmy was great too.A fine re-introduction and they didn't need to keep Selmy's identity a secret like in the book. The rest was kinda slow.
147	Maizel	2013-04-01	Also, this episode is probably also the first time the show has broken the third wall,  kind of.
148	total1402	2013-04-01	I thought it was probably the best opening episode to any of the series so far. There were a slew of really good scenes and they managed to have a pretty good finale bit.
Things I loved in order
- Tyrion and Tywin
My god. That was a good scene in the books but the guy who plays Tywin just nails it. He is such a bastard to Tyrion and the venemous hatred so bad that he literally just obliterated any sympathy accumulated from his time with Arya. You really feel sorry for Tyrion after he fought so hard i nthe previous season and Tywin is deliberately unfair to him. By far the best moment of the episode.
-Daenerys with the Unsullied
Bit biased on this one, but he Kraznez is such a slimeball and they really convey the horror of how the Unsullied are trained alongside the soulless discipline that they have. Missendei also seemed pretty good.
-Davos
He does such a good job and you really feel the shadow having descended over Dragonstone and his desire to break this. The bit where Mel taunts him over his son dying is very good and I liked the banter between him and Sallador. Plus where hes on the rock, chooses to say he serves Stannis even though he knows its unlikely to be one of his and the man smiles.
- Daenerys n Barristan
Barristan is so sincere and honest here coming over to Dany. Plus the warlocks assasination really took you aback. Not only that but we got Jorah clearly worried about Selmy knowing about him having been a spy in the first season.
- Jon Snow and Mance
Giant scene was excellent. Looked like massive dwarves. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> The bit where Jon comes up with the story about Craster and the nights watch standing by it was really good thinking and quite impressive.
Things I didn't like
- Skipping the Battle of the Fist.
-Sam doesn't kill a White walker though I suspect this might come in a later scene.
- Blaming Sam for not doing a task he was never assigned and when he was ordered somewhere different entirely. This was really shoddy adaptation and jarring.
- Felt the bleeding heart stuff with Margery was a bit too heavy. Not a major thing but a bit much.
-Bronn confronting the Kingsguard and clutching his dagger felt like a shoddy repetition of his previous taunting of the Kingsguard and with Sandor.
- I could not understand what Tormund and some of the Wildlings were saying. Sometimes they sounded outright incomprehensible or like they were mumbling. Even Mance a few times.
The rest was as you would expect with some good to average moments or setting things up or reminding us of other things.
149	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	People complain when characters are left out, but also complain when everyone is crammed in the same episode. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  I was disappointed that Arya, Bran and Jaime were missing, but the conclusions to their arcs at the end of last season weren't begging for resolution. All three essentially begin their road trips at the end of season 2. The only character who I felt we needed closure on in this episode was Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 01 April 2013 - 07:17 PM.
150	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-01	Im wondering the low score giving peeps are just being contrarian for the sake of it.I gave my score but the forums kept borking.Pros:Jon's speech to Mance was good i thought. In fact, i think it hit me a little more than the book one. The bastard thing felt a little weak anyway. But the look of disgust that Jon manages to muster for Mance when talking about Craster and the Old Bear was great. Dolorous Edd.Tyrion's scenes were among the best acted in the episode. Tywin too. Holy crap. Loved this. Tyrion's whole "woe is me" thing is also magnificent. I hope they keep it up without the whitewashing. Cersei's lampshading about his nose ruled.MARG!That is all.Davos Davos Magical Davos I love Davos forever! I loved these scenes.The Astapor scenes were good. High Valyrian sounds great. The Unsullied looked fantastic and acted the part. Liking Missandei despite the age up. Nice manticore. Sup Barristan.Sansa's scene was good. Im liking the pot shots at Shae. Keep em coming! Ros being here did not bother me due to her reminding the viewer that Littlefinger is a fucking creep.ROOSE. BOLTON. So glad hes getting screen time. Oh...hai Qyburn. Dueagh...Cons:No Fist battle. Oh well.Mance has no lute. Oh well.Bronn and the whore. The point again? Barristan reveal was a bit in our business. Kinda wut about that. But oh well. I can see it working.Im all meh about the rewriting around the Harrenhal business but oh well. At least Roose got there.
151	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-01	It was like a highlights reel, which was all well and good, but I felt somewhat unsatiated when the credits began to roll. Lots of poor adaptation decisions (changes from the book) from S2 coming home to roost in the form of rather weak plot points in this episode. I can't blame S3 for the sins of S2 so I grant them the lesser offence of having to do the best they can with the mess they created last season.
So a pretty generous 7/10 to kick things off.
152	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-01	Seems like everyone else gave it an 8 as well. It was great, but there is a limit to what can be done in the first outing. And even though Arya didn't make the cut, Im so glad they kept a limit to the POVs in this one. Last year's opener was stretched way way way too thin.
153	Stark Winds	2013-04-01	9/10My only complaint other than that 55 minutes is too short! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> is Ros and Shae's interaction. I liked that it was there because it shows that Sansa is finally beginning to truly understand the extent of how sucky reality is compared to stories, and it made it clear that Littlefinger is not just a scheming man, but a potentially frightening scheming man--a nice set up for the whole Lysa spectacle later. I just thought that Shae's acting was a little stiff. Maybe that's just me. But what I really liked about that scene is (if they end up going with the whole Shae-Tywin thing, not Tysha/Tywin) is that Tywin must have backed her against a wall to use her against Tyrion, and that Tyrion misunderstands and kills her (which sounds really dramatic, but they have 2 seasons to set this up if the writers decide to go with Tyrion killing Shae). Whatever the writers decide, this scene made me want Shae to die even less. (If that was the writers' intention, then bravo! Go on and break my heart! haha)The scene between Tyrion/Cersei was perfect. I loved the way the "I'm still cleverer than you" was delivered. Tyrion and Tywin's scene was heartbreaking. I felt so embarassed for Tyrion when he started asking for his birthright, because it must have been excrutiating for him, and then Tywin's rebuttal. Man that actor is amazing. I enjoyed Margaery's whole orphanage visit, mainly because I love Natalie Dormer (more screen time for her? Yes please!) And the look on Joffrey's face was so funny. Margaery definitely knows how to manipulate him in a way that Sansa will probably never know. (Poor little monster King looked so out of his depth ahaha)I liked the Stannis Davos Melisandre scene because it makes sense that Melisandre would be...a little miffed to be left behind. Jon/Mance scene was amazing. I never thought much of Kit Harington's acting before , but that scene made me excited to see Lord Commander Snow in a few years. Bronn...no other words. I can watch him go about King's Landing making fun of knights all day.That last part with the Unsullied also needs no words. Thank you writers for revealing Ser Barristan so early. The part with the nipple-cutting was expectedly gruesome, and the part with the girl freaked me out to no end ahaha. Very good first episode. Even if it didn't stick straight to the book, it was entertainig and well-executed. Cannot wait for the rest of the season!
154	ohpooratlas	2013-04-01	I rated it an 8 though I wanted to give it a 7 Â1.  I rounded up obviously. There were some really spectacular scenes .Tywin/Tyrion: they absolutely delivered on this scene.  It was just as good as it was in the book.  Maybe even better because of the acting.All of Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scenes.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m so excited for her arc this season.Davos vs. Mel!!!  Can I just say Mel was stunning in that red dress?BARRISTON.  Wanted it last season.  Happy it was the finale for this episode.Marg Tyrell.  I loved her flippant, doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mind getting her shoes dirty, can hang with the poor folk in flee bottom attitude.Cersei and Tyrion.  Her nonchalance regarding his paranoia was hilarious.But there were also some â<U+0080><U+009C>mehâ<U+0080><U+009D> moments.Everything with Robb.Sansa and Shae playing the â<U+0080><U+009C>where is that ship going?â<U+0080><U+009D> game.  I understand the novelty of Sansa Stark getting to do a normal boring girl thing for once, but â<U+0080>¦ just didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care.The Battle of the Fist â<U+0080>¦ or rather, the lack-there-of.  We ended on such an amazing moment in season 2 and it felt kind of cheated once we picked back up on it in season 3.The introduction of Mance was underwhelming, which I was expecting.  It wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t horrible and it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t bad, but it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t great either.Some moments felt slow in the beginning but I have to say by the time we are in Astapor with Dany and the attempted assassination takes place I fond myself saying out loud â<U+0080><U+009C>Wait, this is the end?  Already?â<U+0080><U+009D>  So it definitely picked up at the end and now I want MOAR!Also â<U+0080>¦ I really missed Bran and Jaime/Brienne.  And Arya.  We knew that was coming though.  Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait for next week!
155	darksellsword	2013-04-01	this episode was a 8/10 for me just thought it was fantastic. I took into account how hard it must of been to adapt the story to screen and keep it at an exciting pace, I felt peter dinklage had one of his best scenes with Charles dance this episode it was an absolute power house performance by both actors. Im surprised people dislike the tv little finger , Varys and Littlefinger operate in a similar fashion in the books but to play out both charecters in this way on screen would be very repetitive .It was a good idea by the shows writers to make littlefinger slightly less guarded when it comes to his schemes .its pretty apparent in the books that little fingers weakness is Catelyn and Sansa Stark it would be reasonable to assume  he might feel the need to talk with her in a more open manner.
I really enjoyed the scene were Ser Barristan saves Daenerys and im glad they decided to reveal his identity straight away unlike in the books were Grrm dragged that on too much. I liked everything in the scenes from north of the wall except the Sam and ghost in the wrong places bloopers that was sloppy.
					
					
							Edited by darksellsword, 01 April 2013 - 07:52 PM.
156	Spearsister	2013-04-01	I was bitterly disappointed by the instant Barristan Selmy reveal, but I understand why they had to do it. Even if they hid his facial features with prosthetics, they still would've had to list the actor's name in the episode credits.
The episode FLEW by (that 1 hour felt like 20 minutes!) which, IMO, always means it was a great show.
157	boojam	2013-04-01	The Fist debacle. I've seen this criticism elsewhere, but it's perfectly valid. Why bother going to the trouble of making the massive CGI White Walker army and then doing jack with them? It just seems a complete waste. The plotholes regarding this storyline were also incredibly frustrating. Why is Ghost with the NW? It makes no sense. Likewise Mormont chastising Sam. Oh, Sam didn't get the ravens off in time? Well maybe that's because he was made to go out on patrol. Away from his ravens. The ravens that were supposedly his only job. Anyway, if he didn't get the ravens off, so what? Are they dead now? Because if Sam didn't get them off they're probably still on the Fist. The scene just made no sense. Dave and Dan seem to do the work of a train load of teleplay writers , they don't have continuity readers?Do TV shows have continuity scrips?Anyway why didn't Bryan Cogman catch this lapse in logic , he is an expert on the books?I think GRRM is only involved in story conferences (probably telecoms) and either does not see or does care to read the episode teleplays.If they were going to keep the sequence as is the dialog should have been written so it made sense!
158	Caryn Stark	2013-04-01	7/10 
I was really bothered that Show Sam didn't let the ravens fly. Sam is awesome. I'm not sure I fully understood that the black screen was the slaughter at the Fist the first time. I thought something was wrong with the tv. 
The Mance scene was disappointing. I missed the girls and the singing. The Bronn boob scene didn't bother me. It was nice to see his character. No real other complaints except the exchange between Shae and Ros. And just seeing Talisa makes me cringe. Loved Roose's flayed man brooch. I think with a beard they could have made Artsan work, but it was delightful to see Ser Grandfather back. 
Last season really lowered my expectations for the adaptation so all in all I wasn't crushed. I am cautiously optimistic about this season.
159	Currawong	2013-04-01	I gave it an 8.	I try to put aside my knowledge of the books, and look at things as a TV series.  So I ask myself: does this scene/episode make sense on TV in the context of what they have shown us before?I thought everything was well done except for the Sam / Mormont stuff beyond the Wall.  I didn't mind not seeing the actual battle and just hearing the sounds over a dark screen (seeing it would have been a waste of screen time and resources, TBH), but I thought the explanation as to how Sam survived, and how Mormont and the NW just conveniently reappeared was poorly explained.  Nice to see Ghost again, but it would have been better if the writers had explained - either in this episode or back in Season 2 - just why he was not with Jon.  Did Jon order Ghost to stay with the NW?   It would have only needed a sentence or two as explanations for viewers.Apart from that, there was some great stuff.   The Lannister family dynamics are pure TV gold, as usual.  Love the 'Margaery echoes Princess Di' approach with the orphans, and Joffrey not yet realising her is going to be out-manouvred by the Tyrells.  Agree completely with Stark Winds that:Ros and Shae's interaction. I liked that it was there because it shows that Sansa is finally beginning to truly understand the extent of how sucky reality is compared to stories, and it made it clear that Littlefinger is not just a scheming man, but a potentially frightening scheming man--a nice set up for the whole Lysa spectacle later. Because LF is not a POV character in the books, there is so much we cannot see there  about his machinations, but I enjoy seeing him play out his 'everything to everyone' role on TV.  Very clever reference to Arya - did he really recogise her in Harrenhal?  Or is he just using Arya's name as a family 'hook' to convince Sansa that he's on her side?  After all, he never admitted that he saw Arya or knows where she is ...  Nicely devious.Dany's story is picking up some pace at last, and like others, I think that having Barristan reveal himself at this early stage makes far more sense on TV, and sets up some potential for conflict/ jealousy with Ser Jorah.  I'll give Emilia another couple of episodes to show that her acting has improved now that she is being given something of substance to work with, but as yet she has not mastered the 'act with your eyes' technique - for me, she still seems to just open them more widely and stare, without any true depth of feeling.  Hopefully she'll be able to do herself more justice in the role as Season 3 progresses.ETA.  Forgot to mention Roose and Karstark.  Liked their few brief lines, and the hints of more seeds being sown for the RW - they are loyal to Robb right now, but you can almost see the calculations going on behind Roose's eyes.  Karstark just wants revenge, but Roose is much cleverer ...Overall, I thought this was a strong beginning, as it just plunged us straight back into the world without worrying about in-show recaps or reminders.   The storylines and directions for all the main characters and locations we saw have been set up and moved along nicely.   Now for Ep 2, with Arya, Theon, Jaime/Brienne and Bran and Rickon
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 01 April 2013 - 08:22 PM.
160	rumple9	2013-04-01	Rose leslie is terrible as ygritte - very poor acting and her voice grates on me.
161	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-01	^Disagree. I think Rose Leslie is great as Ygritte. Nailed her character down perfectly - including her irritating nattering!
I would rate this episode 7.5/10. Feeling kind at the moment so voted for 8/10 on the poll. Tyrion and Tywin was the main highlight for me. Tyrion's walk out of the room was just perfect. Had mixed feelings about Jon's story, on its own the acting was convincing and the dialogue excellent - but having read the books and knowing what they substituted it for it was a little disappointing.
Liked Dany, like Davos and Salladhor Saan, and like Joffrey, Margaery and Cersei. Acting all round was fantastic and elevated the episode from a 3-star one to a 4-star one.
162	MoA«t	2013-04-01	That's a good point except we saw prisoners as prisoners in robes etc, but in the scene we see fully armored forces with pikes and swords etcThere are nine more epeisodes where we'll get more information. Perhaps Qyburn will explain? Just a thought. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
163	MoA«t	2013-04-01	If you think they botched the battle of the Blackwater then you really should be more than a little apprehensive. That episode had an absolutely enormous budget for a TV show, and it was written by George himself, so there's basically no realistic way anything could have been done better. That should be the limit of how close the show possibly can come to the large scenes of the books.Precisely. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  Thank you.
164	King of the Wall	2013-04-01	I also gave it a 8. It was a slow episode, but I liked it.
Pros:
1- Lannisters in KL: Awesome. Tywin/Tyrion was gold. I was nervous for Tyrion when he was about to ask Casterly Rock, and Charles Dance delivers the scene unmercifully. I was sorry for Tyryon. The Tyrion/Cersei scene was great too, her comment about his nose cracked me up.
2- Margaery Tyrell: Loved it. I think her scene at the orphanage is a god counterpart to the Tyrells distributing food in her name, as it happens in the books. It helped to break a little the impression I had of her in season 2 that she was just some manipulative bitch who could only use sex to achieve the crown. Now I know she's a manipulative bitch who can play the nice girl. I also considered the dinner scene good, as a nice build up for the events of AFFC.
3- Sansa and Littlefinger: I was dissapointed for the lack of Dontos and Littlefinger telling his plan this soon. On the other hand I enjoyed Sophie Turner on this scene and think her acting has improved since season 2. I also loved her line "Because the truth is always boring or horrible." or something like that. The only good thing I see of Ros' presence in this scene is that she's getting closer to Littlefinger and that shows how Varys is on to him.
4- Dragonstone: I liked everyone's acting, it was great. And Mel was gorgeous in that dress.
5- Astapor: Everything perfect. Very close to the book. I liked that Barristan was recognized in the first moment, it would be hard to fool the watchers. The little girl was creepy, points for that.
Cons:
1- Robb: Rushed and meaningless. But I think it will get better from now on.
165	boojam	2013-04-01	Rose leslie is terrible as ygritte - very poor acting and her voice grates on me.I see exactly the opposite.Rose' voice turns my libido all athrill!
166	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-01	Good stuff, some ups & downs but overall a solid opener that I'd put about on par with last season's.  8/10.
167	TheWhiteRabbit	2013-04-01	I originally gave it a 7, but I'm about to watch it for a 3rd time lol. If I could change my vote I'd give it an 8. Definitely better than the season 2 premiere. I am so excited for this season. It sounds like episodes 3 and 4 are really really good and I'm betting it all just builds and builds until episode 9.
168	ladyinblack	2013-04-01	Loved:Tyrion/TywinDragons!Dany's little smirk at the unsullied owner's ignorance of her "language skills"TormundOk:Mance - had that cleverness about him, but didn't look as "hard" as I thoughtDavos - Felt a little rushed to get to Stannis/Mel, but his convo with Sal Saan was greatBarristan - It would have been nice to hide his identity, but viewers would recognize the actor anyway, so Ok.???Putting all the Starks at Harrenhall seems forced and weirdNo Belwas???Margaery at the orphanage a little over the topShae/Roz - mehAll in all - it was great! I'm so excited the new season has started!I do love the scenery & the casting is pretty solid---still think Season 1 was the best for staying with the story line. Don't understand the weird Robb-Talisa storyline--hate it ! and Talisa as a Florence Nightingale type is way off the whole story line. It wastes valuable screen time. Shae and Sansa as pals is so wrong & why playing a game of watching the ships when Sansa/ Dontos is way more interesting
169	Howie Manderly	2013-04-01	7/10 because I also feel like they dumbed down a lot but they're doing pretty good for not being able to show the characters thoughts very well.
No one had enough lines and I think the show needs a new director who can adapt the books to television better.
170	brinson2000	2013-04-01	6/10
The scene with Tywin/Tyrion was on point as well as Margery's Flea Bottom scne and thats about it for this episode....
The Sansa/Littlefinger scene completely takes all the suspense out of Sansa's eventual escape from King's Landing, seems like getting a girl that is willing to get naked on camera was more important than having Donto's be here savior...
Rob Stark's taking over Harrenhal and finding Qyburn is one of the biggest disasters of this episode and made absolutely no sense....why not just have him at Riverun and create the books plotline at Harrenhal...which brings me to another point, what is the shows obsession with completely screwing all parts of the books dealing with Harrenhal? It has been completely ass-backward from the time Arya stepped foot in the castle until the most recent episode. It isn't a complex storyline that takes place, yet they have completely changed the books account of Harrenhal at every turn in the show. The scenes in the books that take place in Harrenhal have grave implications in the overall plot and I am surprised that they would choose to completely change them in the show. If anyone would like me to elaborate further on this please ask....
My biggest dissapointment came from the Barristan Selmy scene, his hidding as Whitebeard and eventual uncovering was one of my favorite parts of ASOS, with the proper thought and makeup the crew could have easily created a character that the audience (those that haven;t read the books) would not have recognized and been just as surprised as I was reading the story. I mean how do they explain Dany magically getting a ship to take her to a land that hadn't even been discussed in season 2 (Astapor). With that said another travesty was done with the exclusion of Strong Belwas...hands down he is one of my favorite characters all the way through ADWD, his one on one combat with the warrior from Yunkai was one of my favorite scenes from any of the books and I was looking forward to seeing it in the show, I would assume this scene (if portrayed at all) will be given to Daario (who I can't stand) and will help to build his character. I guess finding an actual person (that is massively overweight but extremely athletic at the same time) to play the character must have been too daunting a task for the shows staff. 
Overall I was extremely disappointed with this episode and felt as if the crew took the easy road to telling the story that GRRM spent years of his life creating and putting his heart and soul in to. I get that it's an "adaptation" of the book, but there is a reason they are so popular. They create imagery and characters that the fans become invested in and if the show cannot portray that same emotion then I personally believe it falls short of its goal.
171	Nictarion	2013-04-01	I thought it was great. Gave it a 9. The cgi looked really good, the giant and the dragons especially. The Barristan scene with Dany was my favorite part even though no strong Belwas.
172	Tony Soprano	2013-04-01	I though Barristan's reveal was kind of rushed. I know we only have 10 episodes and they need to introduce the important characters early on, but they could have waited till next episode. It would be great if it ended like a cliffhanger, with a hooded man following Dany in the streets of Astapor, and then reveal him next week, or whenever they go back to her story arc. 
It doesn't matter to me that they've cut Belwas. I always thought of him as kind of annoying. Barristan was the exciting half of the duo, so I'm happy he's back this season.
173	Head of The Ned	2013-04-02	I think Robb arriving at Harrenhal is a pre-text to have Roose Bolton run it for him while he goes to back Riverrun
I thought it was a cool scene to be honest I liked that Roose and Karstark had there own little spot, those two guys have to be built up this season. I laughed when Roose said "they've sent their best hunters after him" immediately thought of Ramsay
And Strong Belwas will be added in season 4, book it.
As far my thoughts on the episode I thought it was better than last years premiere. Tyrion/Tywin, Davos and Dany's final scene were the highlights for me. I figured they wouldn't have been able to do the fight at the fist, don't know why Sam didn't send the ravens but I guess its irrelevant since they will get to Castle Black and warn them anyways. But Ghost was there why? Mayhaps he will just follow the NW back to Castle Black and reunite with Jon later? I really want Jon or Arya to have a wolf-dreams this season, speaking of which the episode lost points for absence of Bran and Arya
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 02 April 2013 - 12:15 AM.
174	Liathano	2013-04-02	9/10 for me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
It probably helps that I read these books too long ago to remember the details, so I'm not bugged by anything really. Did love Strong Belwas though *sniff* And I think there was someone else missing I'd like to have seen, can't remember now who.
Oh! Was SO stoked to see the Giant! I had dreamed (idealistically) of a breath-taking scene panning the breadth of Mance's impressive army, Giants riding Mammoths, the cannibals etc, but one giant will doâ<U+0080>¦ for now /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Liathano, 02 April 2013 - 01:07 AM.
175	Queen of Whores	2013-04-02	Probably my favorite premiere of the series. I'm glad they didn't cram too much into the one episode and left some storylines for later, like Bran, Jaime and Arya.
The Good:
Tyrion and Tywin scene was excellent, mostly due to it being lifted directly from the book, and the performances of Dinklage and Dance.
Barristan's reveal. I don't care that he was introduced earlier, he's one of my favorite characters from the book so I'm glad to see him back.
Dany and the Unsullied. I forget the slaver's name, but that scene was great.
All of Davos' scenes, especially his talk with Saan (I think it's spelt like that?)
Good to see that Stannis looks more grey and worn like in the book.
The Meh:
Robb and Catelyn in Harrenhal felt like it could have just been moved to the second episode to give them more to do.
The cold open with Sam was very anti climactic and disappointing, but I guess we should be used to it by now with the show.
Jon seeing the giant was great, but, while Ciaran Hinds is a great actor, he doesn't bring much charisma to Mance.
The Bad:
Why the hell is Ros still in this show? And how exactly is she an advisor to Littlefinger? Argh and the Ros and Shae scene, the two characters I hate the most on this show, having a pointless conversation together. 
8/10
A solid premiere that sets up great stuff to come.
176	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-02	7/10. A slow-moving episode with some good dialogue and a thumbs up for some side-characters (Saan, Bronn). Best scene was obviously the conversation between Tyrion and Tywin, where the showrunners definitely wanted to establish the fact that Tywin is not a nice guy. In season 2 they portrayed him as pretty likeable, mostly because of his interaction with Arya. The credit he gained there, he loses in this first episode.
I loved Gleeson's facial expressions and overall acting, especially in the dinner scene. At that point, he wasn't the little brat he portrayed in earlier seasons. He almost looked like a sane adult /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
I liked seeing Robb again, even though it was just for a moment. Liked the re-introduction of Bolton and Karstark. 
Didn't really care for Jon. But then again, I never really have. 
The scenery shots were beautiful: King's Landing, Dragonstone and Astapor. Perhaps this season Clarke/Daenerys can win me over a bit, since she too hasn't been one of my favorites on the show or in the books.
177	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-02	For a GoT episode it was a 7 or 8, but for a TV episode in general it was a 10. So many feelings is one episode reminded me why I love the show so much. I escpecially loved the subtle use of CGI.
178	SapphireIsle	2013-04-02	I'm really hoping y'all pick up your game, HBO.  This is my favorite book in the series (thus far) you're dealing with.  6.5/10--for the beauty of your sets, the diligence and talent of your actors, the dedication of your costumers, and my own faith in the idea that you know what you're doing.
I was very happy that Cersei addressed Margarey's clothing.  She looks more availiable than Ros.
179	Holymoly	2013-04-02	6/10, felt rushed and dumbed down compared to the books!5/10 for me for the same reasons
180	SeventySeven	2013-04-02	I gave it a 6/10, but I have to admit I'm a slightly biased as two of my favourites (Arya, Jaime) were missing and I'm not so hot on Sansa - love her in the books but tv counterpart doesn't quite do it for me, although her scene with Shae was cute and funny; I'm loving Show!Shae.
It had many good bits, such as Tyrion/Tywin, Margaery/Joffrey (I adore Joffrey, for all the wrong reasons and Margaery is just great, so rooting for her over Cersei /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />) and Dany, but felt more like a catching up episode, which is fine as a kickstarter but I wasn't overwhelmed. 
I'm not completely convinced by Jon's faux-motivations for staying with the wildlings... I thought it made more sense in the books. 
I liked how they tweaked the Davos/Melisandre/Stannis plot as it's more effective this way. 
Robb being angry at Catelyn is meh and can't get my head around it. 
I still don't love Talisa. 
I want Sam to slay something ASAP. 
The acting was amazing as usual. 
Bring on next week!
181	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-02	It's not often that you get to say that Joffrey was one of the highlights, but come on. Did anybody else enjoy watching him in this episode? I was surprised how enthusiastic I was to see him in his first scene.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 02 April 2013 - 05:45 AM.
182	Holymoly	2013-04-02	5/10. Highly summarised, rushed, lack of depth and edited for the MTV generation. Even the nudity was gratuitous and entirely unnecessary for the scene and I'm all for a bit of naked flesh. The production and CGI is improved although some of the backdrops are still laughable. Add all this to the fact that GRRM is probably never going to finish the series as he really doesn't have a clue where he's going with it anymore and I'm thoroughly disillusioned. Seriously, who begins a book by saying I'm going to make this into "x" volumes but doesn't have a clue what he's working towards in the final book. Good story, poor storyteller. The first book should have been an end to it as it's all been a bit downhill since then and the tv series is just cashing in and giving employment to the entirety of the British acting profession.
183	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-02	5/10. Highly summarised, rushed, lack of depth and edited for the MTV generation. Even the nudity was gratuitous and entirely unnecessary for the scene and I'm all for a bit of naked flesh. The production and CGI is improved although some of the backdrops are still laughable. Add all this to the fact that GRRM is probably never going to finish the series as he really doesn't have a clue where he's going with it anymore and I'm thoroughly disillusioned. Seriously, who begins a book by saying I'm going to make this into "x" volumes but doesn't have a clue what he's working towards in the final book. Good story, poor storyteller. The first book should have been an end to it as it's all been a bit downhill since then and the tv series is just cashing in and giving employment to the entirety of the British acting profession.If you think that only the first book was any good, why do you even bother posting on this forum?
184	Ran	2013-04-02	For the record:
Averaging out the total votes, the 456 voters give it a 7.64 of 10. By comparison, last year's opener was at 7.56. Normalizing a bit by taking off the top and bottom 5%, it climbs to 7.69
185	Hear me Meow	2013-04-02	I think it deserves a 7/10.
Most of it was pretty decent, and there was that outstanding scene between Tywin and Tyrion which was lifted in great part from the books. This is easily one of my favourite scenes from the show actually, it was handled splendidly. Dany's story is the other highlight, it looks to be a distinct improvement on last year's (I really like her in that blue dress too) and Astapor was pretty well done all things told.
The rest was fine although some of the lines and the delivery had me creasing on occasion. Littlefinger's 'lovely day for it' just cemented his status as a joke (for me) and there was something weird about Loras' 'Marge does a lot of charity work.' Minor points ...
However, the resolution to the last season's cliffhanger was very poor and bordered on the nonsensical. It was basically a cheap retconning of the original season 2 scene with some added spice by dint of the fact Mormont chewing out Sam made no sense.
The scene between Davos and Salla was very good and the actual Stannis-Mel-Davos scene was pretty well done and acted, so I enjoyed it, but I agree it did a disservice to the Stannis of the books.
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Cute, 02 April 2013 - 06:08 AM.
186	kevin1989	2013-04-02	For the record:Averaging out the total votes, the 456 voters give it a 7.64 of 10. By comparison, last year's opener was at 7.56. Normalizing a bit by taking off the top and bottom 5%, it climbs to 7.69Nice, what would you rate this episode?Funny when I read this treat that the one is complaining that it's rushed and the other is complaining that it's too slow paced. found that funny. Personally I found the pacing wonderful. (only thing they could have better left Robb for episode 2, and gave Jon 1 more scene imo). And most people I know that didn't read the books were, huh is the episode over? They thought that they were only at the half of the episode ^^ps. don't forget that this isn't an avarage show, where the first episode is going to blow on screen. They are building up to something big, so the first 2 episodes needs to be set-ups for later on. (In season 5 and 6 probably the first 3 episode, more characters so more deviding).
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 02 April 2013 - 06:11 AM.
187	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	4/10.  If there were 10 scenes, I may have liked 4.  Loved Tywin and Tyrion.  Loved Astapor (minus the immediate selmy reveal).  
Liked the Margery scenes.
Very much disliked Harranhal.  There was no explanation to anything.  Rushed and added nothing to the episode.  Everything north of the wall.  Opening scene was meh.  Sam was surrounded by wights and ww's last time we saw him now this happens?  Jon Snow continues to be a ruined plotline to me.  
Lf and sansa was so lame.  People have 1000s of spies in their employ and he just takes her to a dock?  They could have done something a bit more creative. Please please please kill Ros!!!
Margery was good wasnt all that impressed with their dinner conversation.  
Davos and Stannis, dont even get me started on Davos and his feeble attempt to kill Mel.  
I really dont like D&D's interpertations of Cersei, Jon, Stannis, and Davos at all.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 02 April 2013 - 06:14 AM.
188	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-02	Stannis imprisoning Davos seems to be in character IMO. He must already be pissed at Davos for convincing him to leave Mel behind. And judging by the fact that he's only been seeking Mel's counsel, it seems that he trusts her the most on Dragonstone. And the vision he sees in the flames in 2x10 also confirms this. So if a man he trusted tried to kill the only person who has been counseling him, it doesn't seem out of character for him to imprison Davos. Also, the non-reader doesn't know how long Stan intends to keep him in the dungeons. 
Also, Stan didn't seem too happy about imprisoning Davos. He even looked a little sad. And I'm sure most of the non-readers will start warming up to him as the seasons progress.
189	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Stannis imprisoning Davos seems to be in character IMO. He must already be pissed at Davos for convincing him to leave Mel behind. And judging by the fact that he's only been seeking Mel's counsel, it seems that he trusts her the most on Dragonstone. And the vision he sees in the flames in 2x10 also confirms this. So if a man he trusted tried to kill the only person who has been counseling him, it doesn't seem out of character for him to imprison Davos. Also, the non-reader doesn't know how long Stan intends to keep him in the dungeons. Also, Stan didn't seem too happy about imprisoning Davos. He even looked a little sad. And I'm sure most of the non-readers will start warming up to him as the seasons progress.Because Davos wasnt there, so how was he to procure counsel from him?  It was out of character for all 3 characters.  Mel knows danger to herself, Stannis never lost respect for Davos, and Davos doesnt act rashly.
190	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-02	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Because Davos wasnt there, so how was he to procure counsel from him?  It was out of character for all 3 characters.  Mel knows danger to herself, Stannis never lost respect for Davos, and Davos doesnt act rashly.Melisandre seems to have expected the attack, given her quick reaction to Davos grabbing his blade. They can easily attribute it to her seeing it in her flames in the next episode. There's no evidence in the scene that Stannis lost respect for Davos. And in the books, Davos' plan to kill Mel can be seen as rash. And given that he was still possibly delirious, exhausted, and that Mel was goading him over the death of his son, his enraged reaction seems perfectly normal.
191	Loras	2013-04-02	Melisandre seems to have expected the attack, given her quick reaction to Davos grabbing his blade. They can easily attribute it to her seeing it in her flames in the next episode. There's no evidence in the scene that Stannis lost respect for Davos. And in the books, Davos' plan to kill Mel can be seen as rash. And given that he was still possibly delirious, exhausted, and that Mel was goading him over the death of his son, his enraged reaction seems perfectly normal.Yeah, I agree with you here.  Davos' plan to kill Melisandre was always a bit rash and always a bit out of character.  He has just been rescued from an island in the middle of the sea.  He is delirious and has had a 'vision' (in the novels).I actually thought that the scene came across as Melisandre goading Davos to attack her.  She was probably aware of his plans in the flames and used it to her advantage.  Melisandre just used this as an opportunity to extend her influence over the king.  Van Houten totally nailed it too.
192	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-02	7/10.
The King's Landing scenes were mostly good, apart from the Bronn scenes and the Tyrion/Cersei scene. Dany's storyline was definitely a highlight - I loved the Barristan reveal too. Sadly I thought the Jon scene was really boring, even though it should have been exciting considering that we've been waiting to see Mance Rayder since season one. Hopefully the rest of the Jon scenes feature Ygritte.
But the cold open was just a mess. I'm so disappointed. I'm not even upset about the lack of a battle; I just didn't think the show properly managed to convey the sense of dread, hopelessness and fear that we saw in Sam's first chapter.
And I don't even want to think about the Robb scene. Honestly, Robb was far worse than Joffrey in this episode.
ETA: I think the episode also felt a little empty without the Arya and Jaime scenes (my sister who hasn't read the books thought exactly the same), although I think not including them was probably a good idea.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 02 April 2013 - 07:05 AM.
193	Whispering wood	2013-04-02	Can anyone answer if the scene where that little girl with the blue lips was in the book? I really can't remember but I can't recall that happening in the book.. Anyone else think the unsullied were a little bit "meh" as well....? And the first time you hear of a giant in the book is when John is out riding and he see's a whole bunch riding mammoths? I thought that would of been a really amazing thing to capture on the show.
194	Serr Parker	2013-04-02	7
I thought we'd get at least something from the battle on the fist of the first men, instead just the aftermath.
I always thought they should make it 12 episodes with a double premier and double finale, and this made me think it even more. Nothing really happened, no Ayra, no Bran, no Jamie. But then what can you do with 55 mins? Looking forward to next weeks though.
EDIT: Forgot about the giants, them and the dragons looked awesome
					
					
							Edited by Serr Parker, 02 April 2013 - 07:18 AM.
195	Serr Parker	2013-04-02	Also is there going to be a thread for the screen time like last seasons? Can't remember who done it but would be interested to see this weeks
196	Songlian	2013-04-02	I gave it a 7/10 because some parts were weaker, and also because I want to give myself some space before I get to the 10/10s. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
I really enjoyed it, though. Most of all loved the Dany scenes, and I totally burst into tears when Ros speaks about how the bells rang from dawn to evening at Winterfell when Sansa was born. It kinda reminded me of Ned and his love for the kids. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
197	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	EDIT: Pessimistic, cynical post ahead from a butthurt hardcore book fan who is also borderline OCD and a perfectionist. So... you've been warned.
Samwell stuff: Yawn. Giving what they HAD for material, they really dropped the ball by skipping over something so exciting. I wanted to see a wight bear take down like ten men.
Jon Snow: Man is Ygritte obnoxious. Mance Rayder is definitely NOT what I pictured in my head, nor is Tormund, but oh well. Decent enough scene, but felt kind of yawnfestish as well. And Jon's reasoning was pretty bullshit.
Sansa: Ugh, just ugh. The girl who plays Sansa is a great actress, as evident from the first season, but I swear in the second season and apparently now D&D just spoonfeed her uselessness. At least in the books she was interesting in King's Landing. Also, major lol @ Ros and Shae. Seriously, what are the people behind this show thinking? I also got to love Littlefinger spilling his ideas and whatnot to Sansa this early on, ruining any ambiguity as to what he's planning. Especially since the readers don't actually LEARN LF is working to remove Sansa from KL until after the Purple Wedding.
Robb/Catelyn: Yawnfest. This is why Weasel Soup and the correct Roose Bolton should have happened.
Bronn stuff: HURRAY TITS AND FILLER
Tyrion stuff: Pretty solid. Peter and Lena and Charles Dance are all great and the scenes were pretty cool. Although, I wish the Tyrion/Tywin scene was actually longer and gave more time for the situation/conversation to SINK in.
Marg/Joff: Kind of pointless scenes, especially since the show has already established Marg as a schemer and not the kind hearted 17 year old she is in the books.
Dany: Necessary scenes, but still kind of lacking any real spark. Also, Barristan Selmy's reintroduction was shit.
Davos: I thought Davos's return was pretty terrible. Him on the rock was mih, could've been done slightly more dramatically. Then with Sallador San, is he really leaving the plot now this early? Kind of makes me wonder why the show bothered introducing him in the first place. (although, to be fair, he is supposed to have a major role in TWoW so maybe it'll make his return even more stunning) The guy who plays Davos is a great actor when Davos is being Stannis's straightman. When it comes to showing serious emotion like fear(when Mel was giving birth to the shadow baby) or batshit rage(wanting to kill Mel) he kind of sucks.
The ACTOR who plays Stannis, however, did an excellent excellent job at showing Stannis in his deep depression. He redeems the rest of the Davos scenes.
I think that covers it all. At least there was no Bran scenes. Likely going to watch the Red Wedding related episodes later on in the season, but that's it. This show is so garbage post-season one. I was HOPING that season two was just a major hiccup that I could forgive, despite it being my favorite book they botched, as long as they had corrected themselves with season 3. I don't see that happening with this first episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 02 April 2013 - 07:18 AM.
198	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	Can anyone answer if the scene where that little girl with the blue lips was in the book? I really can't remember but I can't recall that happening in the book.. Anyone else think the unsullied were a little bit "meh" as well....? And the first time you hear of a giant in the book is when John is out riding and he see's a whole bunch riding mammoths? I thought that would of been a really amazing thing to capture on the show.The scene as a whole is fairly close to the book, but the significant difference is that Dany gets a box from a Sorrowful Man, instead of the warlock tricking her.I don't see any problems with the Unsullied and I think they were introduced effectively. I liked the giant as well and thought he was very well done.
199	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	4/10.  If there were 10 scenes, I may have liked 4.  Loved Tywin and Tyrion.  Loved Astapor (minus the immediate selmy reveal).  Liked the Margery scenes.Very much disliked Harranhal.  There was no explanation to anything.  Rushed and added nothing to the episode.  Everything north of the wall.  Opening scene was meh.  Sam was surrounded by wights and ww's last time we saw him now this happens?  Jon Snow continues to be a ruined plotline to me.  Lf and sansa was so lame.  People have 1000s of spies in their employ and he just takes her to a dock?  They could have done something a bit more creative. Please please please kill Ros!!!Margery was good wasnt all that impressed with their dinner conversation.  Davos and Stannis, dont even get me started on Davos and his feeble attempt to kill Mel.  I really dont like D&D's interpertations of Cersei, Jon, Stannis, and Davos at all.Davos had just been stranded on a desert island, and was clearly weakened. Mel can also predict that he was going to do it, she was probably prepared, just as she was prepared in the books when she sent Axel to capture Davos.
200	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	Must say I was disappointed. Some suspicious editing going on throughout, and Barristen's intro sequence was poorly done. The manticore scene was rushed; no logical explanation of how the knife-wielding Barristen got free of Mormont after he'd grabbed him, just in the nick of time as Dani was idly gazing at the OBVIOUSLY DEADLY manticore like the witless fool she seems to be being portrayed as in this series.
The guy who plays Ser Davos was superb IMO and near rescued the episode, as were the performances from Tyrion and Tywin's characters. Marg giving to charity was a total ham, cheese and corn-fest. King's Landing felt like it was missing out on half of the decent characters from the book. Although I half expected that from this series in general.
Baically it's so far from the books now that I can't really compare any more so I won't, but as a series on its own I feel that as an opening episode this didn't feel right.
The northmen, Catelyn etc always well done and the Harrenhal scene was nicely thought-out IMO. Jon, Mance et al â<U+0080><U+0093> great. Not sure about the Qyburn twist yet... might be a clever time-saver later on, dunno.
Endless re-use of the same two "whore" characters (Petyr and Tyrion's pets, basically) becoming utterly ridiculous at this point. In fact it became ridiculous in season 2. Shae I can understand more as she's going to have bigger parts to play.
201	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	Oh and both the inexplicable and cheaply-done "child warlock" as well as the the dragons-catching-fish-and-flipping-them-like-pancakes scene was just... a bit silly. Didn't need to see that. CGI almost always sucks, if not now then in a few years time for sure.
					
					
							Edited by mrlukeduke, 02 April 2013 - 07:24 AM.
202	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	Oh and both the inexplicable and cheaply-done "child warlock" as well as the the dragons-catching-fish-and-flipping-them-like-pancakes scene was just... a bit silly. Didn't need to see that. CGI almost always sucks, if not now then in a few years time for sure.So what are they meant to do instead? Puppets attached to string, flying around the place?
203	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	Save the money and use better character acting and editing. IMO.
204	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	Save the money and use better character acting and editing. IMO.Im talking about the dragons here, not the entire show, which has a brilliant cast, so I dont get the complaint there. They have to show the dragons, because there are huge part of who Dany is. Not to mention that it looked amazing.
					
					
							Edited by Kevin of House Tollett, 02 April 2013 - 07:38 AM.
205	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-02	I gave it an 8.  It was definitely light on action. But I thought, especially for a fan of the books, that they really hit some of the key book moments really well. One that I was looking forward to was the disinheritance scene between Tywin and Tyrion and it was done exceptionally well. Charles Dance owns the screen whenever he is on and Peter Dinklage held up with him and really conveyed the emotion. I loved Dany and Kraznys, but I definitely think it helps as a book reader to know going into it that she understands everything he is saying.  I was emotionally overwhelmed by all of the Louisville basketball Sunday and was unsure how I felt about the episode, so I rewatched it last night.  I thought it was really well done, but it was a little slow so I can see why some people would have issues with it.  But I don't mind it, I like the character development that is being done, such as showing the dreamer side of Sansa and how politically astute Margaery is.
Also, I think I'm developing a total fan crush on Kristofer Hivju (sp?) as Tormund Giantsbane. I mean, wow! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
206	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	Must say I was disappointed. Some suspicious editing going on throughout, and Barristen's intro sequence was poorly done. The manticore scene was rushed; no logical explanation of how the knife-wielding Barristen got free of Mormont after he'd grabbed him, just in the nick of time as Dani was idly gazing at the OBVIOUSLY DEADLY manticore like the witless fool she seems to be being portrayed as in this series.No logical explanation? How about Barristan getting free of Jorah's grasp and stabbing it? The scene was most likely shot that way because the viewer would think that Jorah and the other guy was tangled up and couldn't rescue Dany. I can understand someone wanting to be shown the tussle but I can't understand how someone can fail to figure out a logical explanation. For a show based on a series of books with a lot of subtlety I see a surprising amount of need for the show to spell everything out in bold letters.And Dany wasn't idly gazing, that's just a flat out wrong description. I found it pretty clear that she was terrified and froze a bit because she didn't know what to do, which is one of the two pretty common reactions when someone gets terrified from something like that. The other is to run and scream.
207	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Im talking about the dragons here, not the entire show, which has a brilliant cast, so I dont get the complaint there. They have to show the dragons, because there are huge part of who Dany is. Not to mention that it looked amazing.I think we need to learn that some people just complaining because they wanted to complain. Many people were complaining about season 3 before season 3 was on screen, so I wasn't surprise that so many people hated the episode. They forget that this is first not the books, and second a build up episode for this season. Things needed to explain where every character was in the story before showing some real things.And if you want some more action. Please donate a couple of million to HBO because like what many people wanted in the first episode with Sam will cost more than a million bucks.
208	Conchobar	2013-04-02	I think we need to learn that some people just complaining because they wanted to complain. Many people were complaining about season 3 before season 3 was on screen, so I wasn't surprise that so many people hated the episode. They forget that this is first not the books, and second a build up episode for this season. Things needed to explain where every character was in the story before showing some real things.And if you want some more action. Please donate a couple of million to HBO because like what many people wanted in the first episode with Sam will cost more than a million bucks.^This. I think people are being far too whingy about this episode, like spoiled children. I was disspointed with a lot of things that happened in Season 2, but I was more or less satisfied with this opener. I am just happy this thing is on television to begin with. The people giving it 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 are just being silly, but I am not surprised.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 02 April 2013 - 08:00 AM.
209	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-02	Are you and Linda going to do Youtube videos too this season, Ran? I quite enjoyed them last time.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 02 April 2013 - 08:04 AM.
210	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	Haha, I love how emotionally defensive everyone is about the slightest criticisms! Dissenting opinion won't be tolerated, even though it's entirely subjective! Apparently you can only post if you like it. Didn't realise that.I enjoy the series very much indeed; my opinion is that this episode was poor as an opener. I'm not the one acting like a child (that accusation is in and of itself childlish). I post my opinions, as valid as anyone else's opinions, and everyone gets tetchy about it.No logical explanation? How about Barristan getting free of Jorah's grasp and stabbing it? The scene was most likely shot that way because the viewer would think that Jorah and the other guy was tangled up and couldn't rescue Dany. I can understand someone wanting to be shown the tussle but I can't understand how someone can fail to figure out a logical explanation. For a show based on a series of books with a lot of subtlety I see a surprising amount of need for the show to spell everything out in bold letters.They rushed it. No idea how Barristen got free so quickly, and came to an amiable agreement with Jorah in the crucial moments of time it took Dimwitted Dani to realise that it wasn't particularly smart to stare at a vicious scorpion-looking daemon creature you've accepted blindly from a stranger.And Dany wasn't idly gazing, that's just a flat out wrong description. I found it pretty clear that she was terrified and froze a bit because she didn't know what to do, which is one of the two pretty common reactions when someone gets terrified from something like that. The other is to run and scream.There are a hundred better ways that scene could have been co-ordinated IMO. Maybe it was her acting, dunno.
					
					
							Edited by mrlukeduke, 02 April 2013 - 08:05 AM.
211	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	Haha, I love how emotionally defensive everyone is about the slightest criticisms! Dissenting opinion apparently won't be tolerated, even though it's entirely subjective. Apparently you can only post if you like it. Didn't realise that. Can't undo time!I enjoy the series, my opinion is that this episode was poor as an opener. Deal with it! I'm not the one acting like a child (that accusation is in and of itself childlish). I post my opinions, as valid as anyone else's opinions, and everyone gets tetchy about it.They rushed it. No idea how Barristen got free so quickly, and came to an amiable agreement with Jorah in the crucial moments of time it took Dimwitted Dani to realise that it wasn't particularly smart to stare at a vicious scorpion-looking daemon creature you've accepted blindly from a stranger.There are a hundred better ways that scene could have been co-ordinated IMO. Maybe it was her acting, dunno.Yes, you are entitled to an opinion, obviously. Just as everyone else is entitled to poke holes in your reasoning, when it makes very little sense. The posts by Tywin gave you a reasonable explanation as to why the scene played out, youve chosen to ignore them, and repeat your earlier criticism.
212	kevin1989	2013-04-02	^This. I think people are being far too whingy about this episode, like spoiled children. I was disspointed with a lot of things that happened in Season 2, but I was more or less satisfied with this opener. I am just happy this thing is on television to begin with. The people giving it 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 are just being silly, but I am not surprised.Yes, I was disappointing in season 2 when I watched it, but in the end was realistic. They are having the job to put the most difficult book to screen, with little budget. They did their best. I think that people forget how stressfull their job is, I think that most people even didn't know that last season they begged and begged for more money for BW. The plan was that we did only see thing through Sansa's chapters. And they need to think, what if I was in charge of the show? They think that they will do it better. but then they will know that there will be some major problems that occur  Money, scheduling etc. D&D made the script in one month, I think that most people who complaining couldn't make a better season 2 and 3x01 if they had 10 years.
213	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	I just gave my reasons: the timing was off, the reactions were poor and the intro sequence felt contrived and rushed.
Not sure what you missed.
214	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	I think we need to learn that some people just complaining because they wanted to complain. Many people were complaining about season 3 before season 3 was on screen, so I wasn't surprise that so many people hated the episode. They forget that this is first not the books, and second a build up episode for this season. Things needed to explain where every character was in the story before showing some real things.And if you want some more action. Please donate a couple of million to HBO because like what many people wanted in the first episode with Sam will cost more than a million bucks.I know, I shouldnt be surprised anymore. I just wish that people would realise that it not being the same as the book, or being worse than the book, is not a valid criticism! If it makes sense in the context in the show, and is compelling and entertaining, that is what is important.
215	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	They rushed it. No idea how Barristen got free so quickly, and came to an amiable agreement with Jorah in the crucial moments of time it took Dimwitted Dani to realise that it wasn't particularly smart to stare at a vicious scorpion-looking daemon creature you've accepted blindly from a stranger.There's 15 seconds between Jorah grabbing Barristan and the manticore dying, which can be a fairly long time when you're fighting in my experience. More than enough time for one of the greatest knights of his time to get out, push Jorah away and kill it. Jorah would naturally hesitate to keep attacking when he clearly sees that the knife wasn't meant for Dany. A very simple explanation that's easy to figure out as I see it, so I still have trouble seeing how there's no logical explanation available.And being witless, or acting stupidly, is a very common thing when you're afraid so I have a hard time seeing the odd thing about that as well. I know that some people want their heroes to be capable at all times but other than that I don't really know why it's wrong for Dany to be like that.Thinking that the scene could be better in another way is fine but I think that's a different criticism than what I responded to.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 02 April 2013 - 08:20 AM.
216	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	being worse than the book, is not a valid criticism!Not sure if you meant me, but I didn't say that. Just for the record.Anyways, someone else might say: the timing was good, the reactions were great, and the sequences felt right and flowed oh-so nicely! OK so fine! Valid opposing opinion! I respect that. I don't ask for more justifications, because there's no right or wrong critique in something which is a feeling thing, a timing thing, i.e. subjective. Narrative isn't objective.However, I can't fathom how Barristen and Jorah could have come to such a swift resolution, for one. I suppose you can argue "Jorah knew the guy right away, let him go immediately and Selmy rushed in just in the nick of time!" I just didn't like how it was done sequentially, assuming that quick resolution happened. Selmy's such a huge character, and the dialogue was a bit corny. I also thought the magical vanishing child wasn't done well and it was far too obvious when Dani blamed warlocks (i.e. NOT subtle, i.e. opposite of what others were saying it was).Still love the show, just sayin'! Nobody picked up on my compliments of it! Ser Davos, the northmen... et al. I mean considering I thoguht that was a "bad" episode, only shows how good the series is, no?
217	kevin1989	2013-04-02	I know, I shouldnt be surprised anymore. I just wish that people would realise that it not being the same as the book, or being worse than the book, is not a valid criticism! If it makes sense in the context in the show, and is compelling and entertaining, that is what is important.I think the only ones that we can really blame, is HBO itself. If they gave roughtly 10 million more (GOT season 2 brought 1.2 billion into their pockets.) or maybe even 20 million we could have had a 12 episode season. That way some delete scenes could have been in it. Like a bigger scene with Kraznyk, that were in the books but not in the show. But with 10 episodes, they needed to cut that scene.  And with 12 episodes they could have split the characters even more than they did now. But with 10 episodes they did a great job.
218	protar	2013-04-02	I know, I shouldnt be surprised anymore. I just wish that people would realise that it not being the same as the book, or being worse than the book, is not a valid criticism! If it makes sense in the context in the show, and is compelling and entertaining, that is what is important.It's a perfectly valid criticism. If something is changed from the books unnecessarily than it is perfectly valid to criticise D+D for that.Now fortunately this episode wasn't so bad in that regard. There were invented scenes but only ones on par with what we got in S2, and the plot deviations were fixing previous mess ups. It seems that so far the season is on track to be somewhere between S1 and S2 in terms of faithfulness which I can tolerate.
219	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	There's 15 seconds between Jorah grabbing Barristan and the manticore dying. More than enough time for one of the greatest knights of his time to get out, push Jorah away and kill it. Jorah would naturally hesitate to keep attacking when he clearly sees that the knife wasn't meant for Dany. A very simple explanation that's easy to figure out as I see it, so I still have trouble seeing how there's no logical explanation available.And being witless, or acting stupidly, is a very common thing when you're afraid so I have a hard time seeing the odd thing about that as well. I know that some people want their heroes to be capable at all times but other than that I don't really know why it's wrong for Dany to be like that.Thinking that the scene could be better in another way is fine but I think that's a different criticism than what I responded to.If he pushed Jorah, the knight would have been after him with a sword. The way they did it made it looked like they were sudden buddies. If I were Jorah, I wouldn't have trusted ANYONE at that point! Hence my feeling about the timing being off (possibly rushed) for that scene. Compare for example, with the Tyrion/Tywin scene. Superb. 10 or more seconds (haven't rewatched yet) of nothing but Tywin scribbling on a parchment. All sublime character acting and tension building. That's where I thought the timing and editing was done well.
220	Ran	2013-04-02	Jaime,
Yes. Just shot it and will be editing it together and uploading at some point. But first need to upload our Thronecast appearance for their second episode next week, which we shot a bit earlier.
221	Conchobar	2013-04-02	Jaime,Yes. Just shot it and will be editing it together and uploading at some point. But first need to upload our Thronecast appearance for their second episode next week, which we shot a bit earlier.Cant wait!
222	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	I know, I shouldnt be surprised anymore. I just wish that people would realise that it not being the same as the book, or being worse than the book, is not a valid criticism! If it makes sense in the context in the show, and is compelling and entertaining, that is what is important.If the changes they make create confusion or change the ESSENSE of what is in the books then its a valid criticism.  When things do not happen exactly like they happen in the books or what some random, marginal character does not apear in the show, then I would say that's not very valid. Spending time on Ros, who was not even in the books while giving short shrift to other important characters and scenes is a valid criticism, no matter how engaging the actress who plays Ros may be.
223	winwolf	2013-04-02	!! 9 !!
Not a 10 only because of the opening scene + Quborn in harrenhall wait what?
224	gwenyth	2013-04-02	5 - and I think I'm being rather generous.  I thought it pretty much a muddle.  I try to view the show without comparing to the book, and am watching with someone who has not read the books and am watching his reactions. Problems:Sam and ravens - eh, wot?  Sam was out gathering dung.  And Ghost with the company?Bronn with naked woman - ho hum.Sansa and Shae game - what a waste of minutes, what plot arc did it advance, what did it tell us about the story?Margaery and the orphans?  Silly bathos.  Why not have a scene with carts of food being delivered to grateful crowds while she is present?  Would have accomplished the same point and harked back to the scene of the crowd mobbing the Lannisters because they were hungry.Harrenhall - my companion watcher had no idea who the characters were other than Robb, Cat, what's her name Robb wife.Well done:Tyrion and Tywin: stands alone as a powerful scene and sets up for later developmentsGiantDragons - brief glimpse that we hadDavos and Saan sceneStannis looking/acting drained, listless, defeatedDany assassignation attempt - well done with the child (when she opens that blue mouth it's a shiver) and the beautiful, deadly "creature"Condensing getting "Ser Grandfather" to DanyI was very happy not to have to endure Strong Belwas - I think he's a great bore.
225	Diehard_si	2013-04-02	An 8.
Season 2 frustrated me. I'm trying hard to be more open minded in the adaption now. There are annoyances but tying to see through them. It's a near impossible job to get these books on screen and overall they are doing a damn good job. 
No one is going to do any better, put it that way.
226	Lady Shadow Cat	2013-04-02	I loved the scene with Marg, Cercei, Loras and Joff at the dinner table. When Marg and Loras were talking about Marg's volunteer work, Cercei was all smiling but looked like she wanted to puke lol.
I loved how the reaally kept to the scene with Daenerys in Astapor and the merchant making fun of her. Also, to me it makes sense that they left out Whitebeard as it would be a lot harder to pull this off to a viewing audience. Before he even introduced himself, non-reader friends I was watching with recognized him. So it would be dumb to try.
I was a bit dissapointed in the ending, I thought they were going to end it with a bit more bang. However, all in all, they did a good job of setting up some of the characters for S3. Can't wait to see what they do with Bran and Arya, and when we'll see the Martells.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Shadow Cat, 02 April 2013 - 08:53 AM.
227	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	If he pushed Jorah, the knight would have been after him with a sword. The way they did it made it looked like they were sudden buddies. If I were Jorah, I wouldn't have trusted ANYONE at that point! Hence my feeling about the timing being off (possibly rushed) for that scene. Compare for example, with the Tyrion/Tywin scene. Superb. 10 or more seconds (haven't rewatched yet) of nothing but Tywin scribbling on a parchment. All sublime character acting and tension building. That's where I thought the timing and editing was done well.I disagree. Jorah grabs Barristan because he lays his hands on Dany (smacking the ball out of her hands) and is holding a dagger. A legit threat to her life. Barristan gets loose and kills the manticore, only to move directly away from Dany and after the warlock girl. In that situation it makes no sense for Jorah to attack Barristan. First of all he saw Barristan kill a threat to Dany and then go after the one that presented the threat to her, plus that Jorah actually did what a proper guard should do at that point; going over to Dany and making sure she's alright (when we see Jorah again he's holding Dany). Running after Barristan with a sword at that point would be completely moronic since if he still thought Barristan was a threat he would realize that there were more then one threat around, which means that you secure the one you protect rather than go all out to fight one of them.I don't think your complaints make much sense.As for being rushed, I don't think your comparison works very well since those are two completely different types of scenes. I think the action scene took quite a bit of time as well so I'd sooner complain about the slow mid part with the manticore rather than saying it was rushed.
228	Abaddon	2013-04-02	I mean how do they explain Dany magically getting a ship to take her to a land that hadn't even been discussed in season 2 (Astapor).It was very clearly stated in Ep10 of S2 that Dany got enough treasure from Xaro's house to "buy a small ship" as per Jorah.  I am pretty sure Astapor was mentioned as a possible destination at some point, although that was admittedly easier to miss.
229	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	It's a perfectly valid criticism. If something is changed from the books unnecessarily than it is perfectly valid to criticise D+D for that.Now fortunately this episode wasn't so bad in that regard. There were invented scenes but only ones on par with what we got in S2, and the plot deviations were fixing previous mess ups. It seems that so far the season is on track to be somewhere between S1 and S2 in terms of faithfulness which I can tolerate.Nope. Adherence to the source material may be interesting to compare, and you may think the books did it better, but this does not actually affect the quality of the show. The show is distinct from the books. If it made sense within the context of the show, then it isnt a mistake.
230	Howdyphillip	2013-04-02	I gave this episode an 8 as well. Overall, a better opening than season 2, but as has been mentioned it did have some issues with pacing. I personally liked a lot of the changes that others here seem to have not liked as much.
I really liked the scene with Margaery. In the books, the fact that she is loved by the people was a note that I had been interested in, and I am glad to see how this is happening take place on screen. I personally like the actress playing the role as well. I thought Dormir did a convincing job of playing someone who is smart and adept enough to join in the machination of King's Landing politics, yet still truly concerned for the small folk.
I am probably one of the only people here who is a long term book reader and also likes Ros as a character as well. I enjoyed the scene between her and Shae. I like the fact that the writers have decided to expand both of these roles for the sake of character continuity
231	a white raven	2013-04-02	7/10   It felt rushed, I know they can't put in every detail from the books but so much was just glazed over. I love the show, but it makes me sad when they dumb it down. The CGI for the dragons looks great, and I'm excited for this season!
232	Jon Wat	2013-04-02	The changes from the books don't affect me, as I see GoT as a different entity. So, no problems at all with that.- First thing, there were only a pair of boobies in the entire episode, so do not complain about gratuitous nudity and such.- The Sam thing was good, didn't really understand where the Others go but I really felt the fear in his eyes. Gave me chills. I'm guessing the real battle will come later, so I'm not too worried about that.- The intro was amazing, as always.- The KL scenes were awesome, mainly the Tywin/Tyrion conversation. Bronn made me laugh for the first time, and I loved his acting. Sansa has grown up and Shae is, hum, different. For the best.- Davos was great. I genuinely felt his despair, and his conversation with Saan was fluid and entertaining.- Margaery is beautiful. Simply... beautiful. And she even looks younger than in the S2 finale, what's up with that?- I won't even say anything about Daenerys because I'd repeat a lot of adjectives. Barristan's reveal felt real in my opinion, and I loved the inclusion of the manticore (I wasn't expecting it to appear).- About the aesthetics: amazing CGI, amazing landscapes, amazing color palettes.Everything I said was purely based on my emotions while watching the episode. Best season premiere so far, and a great indroduction.The episode had some minor flaws, but overall they didn't even matter. My rating is 9.5/10.I'm glad I manage to enjoy these episodes so much, and I love to be able to appreciate all the details. It must be horrible when you're constantly looking for changes and struggling with every little slightly nonsensical scene.But then again, I'm easily impressed. And I love it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by Jon Stargaryen, 02 April 2013 - 09:42 AM.
233	Winterz	2013-04-02	7/10, slow episode but not exactly a bad one either.
234	house of no sigil	2013-04-02	Only a 6 for me. I liked everything about the episode as it was, but it's the stuff not there that bothers me.
After showing the wights marching on the Fist at the end of season 2, it is maddening that they completely dismiss the entire ensuing battle. The "budget" reasoning falls a little bit short to me. Show a few NW getting killed and the rest fleeing. I still think that Jon and Mance and the Wildlings will see the aftermath when they march south, but people waited a year to see the wights and NW battle and it's ridiculous that they just skipped it.
No mention of the fate of Theon or the mysterious sack of Winterfell. I know that there are time constraints and all but there were also some drawn out scenes that could have been cut in favor of an explanation of Winterfell. Shae and Ros or Bronn and Ros come to mind.
Like everyone else, I was hoping for Strong Belwas.
I liked the Mance/Jon meeting in both book and show....but seriously, the book was better.
And finally, a little bit of Jaime/Brienne or Arya would have been good.
All that said. Lol, believe it or not I thought what they did do was really good. Hate that my first post is all complaining.
					
					
							Edited by house of no sigil, 02 April 2013 - 08:35 PM.
235	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-02	If you are going to constantly compare the books to the show you will be disappointed every time.  Why even bother?  You can never do justice to an epic series like ASoIaF and put it into 10 episodes a season with a limited budget.  Just enjoy the show already while we wait for the real treasure to be released (The Winds of Winter).  When I want more of what is in the books, I re-read the books.  For a show on television, GOT is amazingly great.  Compared to the books, it's a steaming turd.  No movie or show will ever be on par with the book that spawned it.  It is just not possible.  ASoIaF, LOTR, Hobbit, Harry Potter, Dracula, Narnia, etc., etc., etc.  All far superior in book form.  But I still love the movies and the shows.
236	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Nope. Adherence to the source material may be interesting to compare, and you may think the books did it better, but this does not actually affect the quality of the show. The show is distinct from the books. If it made sense within the context of the show, then it isnt a mistake.This is where most of my problems stem from.  The HH scene made no sense.  The Ghost thing and Jon's reasoning for turning his coat don't make sense.  LF and Ros don't make sense within the context of the show.
237	Eric Baratheon	2013-04-02	5 out of 10.
The bad:
don't end a season with such an awesome cliffhanger (the dead attack) and then show 4 seconds of a dark screen of "fighting"; battle at the fist should have been the season opener. bad bad bad.
mance ryder has been miscast. also bad.
tyrion's nose. still there.
The good: The whole Daenerys sequences were spot on, changes seemed to be for the better.
Judging from westeros' review of the first 4 episodes, I have lost hope for the first half of the season. So, considering a certain bear and a certain colored wedding, its my hope the latter half of season 3 will pick up some steam and be what it needs to be: AWESOME
238	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	This is where most of my problems stem from.  The HH scene made no sense.  The Ghost thing and Jon's reasoning for turning his coat don't make sense.  LF and Ros don't make sense within the context of the show.I agree HH makes no sense, not even in the context of the show, since last season Arya never makes mention of Northmen who are held prisoner there.I actually liked Jon's reason for joining the wildlings, but I thought the scene was a little bit too short and had some other concerns about it.Unless they're going to replace Ros as the go between instead of Dontos then it makes no sense, in the show, for LF to pointlessly let one of his whores know of his personal interest in Sansa Stark, so it lacks logic from a purely show perspective as well.
239	WinterWarrior	2013-04-02	I have already rated the episode in an early post (a 9) but had to mention that the continuation of the Ros character makes no sense to me as well, unless she has something to do with Sansa's escape since Dontos has not been seen again. And how does the Varys/Ros scene from Ep.10 of season 2 factor into things with Ros and LF?
Also, I forgot to mention that I missed seeing Dalla and Val in Mance Rayder's tent. I wonder when they will be introduced. Val at least has to come on the scene eventually, and the baby.
240	The Fourth Head	2013-04-02	I gave it an 8- a great TV adaptation
I don't want a recital of the book- that's boring. I like the way the writers keep the readers on their toes, add some great lines, and make subtle nods to various things- even in Sansa's scene watching the ships come in and out of harbour- a great nod to GRRM, a nice way to remind us of Volantis and Dorne, a nice way to use the scenery, and a great device to portray her desire to escape. Florian the fool? Yawn. Bye Bye and thankyou.
241	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	This is where most of my problems stem from.  The HH scene made no sense.  The Ghost thing and Jon's reasoning for turning his coat don't make sense.  LF and Ros don't make sense within the context of the show.Cant disagree that the open didnt make much sense, really a letdown. Dont see how Ros doesnt make sense. Jon's reasoning was pretty good I thought. Not wanting to be part of the Nights Watch because they allow such horrors to take place, dont see the issue there. HH could have done with a mention of Northmen prisoners beforehand, otherwise I didnt see much problem, obviously the Mountain massacred the prisoners before leaving.
242	MALICUS	2013-04-02	Maybe I am just dense.... but what is this "maticore" that everyone is talking about from the season premire? Does "maticore" refer to the staue of the Harpy in Astipor?
243	Jon Wat	2013-04-02	Maybe I am just dense.... but what is this "maticore" that everyone is talking about from the season premire? Does "maticore" refer to the staue of the Harpy in Astipor?The manticore is that scorpion-like creature that tries to bite Daenerys.
244	Loras	2013-04-02	Maybe I am just dense.... but what is this "maticore" that everyone is talking about from the season premire? Does "maticore" refer to the staue of the Harpy in Astipor?The wee green scorpion-type thing in the little girl's wooden ball.
245	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-02	********POSSIBLE SPOILER***************
Do you think a certain someone will eventually (next season) find Ros instead of you-know-who in the bed with you-know-who before killing her and you-know-who and then escaping?
246	MALICUS	2013-04-02	@ Hedge Knight:
God I hope so... I am really worried about that plot line... they are turning you-know-who into a "good guy" .... when actually she is soon to show her true colors...
I LOVED that plot twist in the book... Especially how Tyrion "delt" with it... so who knows how the show will play that out...
and thanks for the clarification guys! I have only watched it once... so I was afraid I missed something, with all this talk of "maticore fighting"...
247	Franz95	2013-04-02	Mine was a 8. The second the Northern army got into Harrenhal was the second this show stopped being based on ASoIaF and was... well, inspired by ASoIaF. And I think it's the right way to follow: They can't just stick to the books forever, it's too hard, so yeah, give us differences! New stuff!I'm so excited about seeing Theon, too. I hope Game of Thrones turns out to be a whole new series.********POSSIBLE SPOILER***************Do you think a certain someone will eventually (next season) find Ros instead of you-know-who in the bed with you-know-who before killing her and you-know-who and then escaping?Why should him? He has no reason for killing Ros, and you-know-who is an important character in the show...
248	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	********POSSIBLE SPOILER***************Do you think a certain someone will eventually (next season) find Ros instead of you-know-who in the bed with you-know-who before killing her and you-know-who and then escaping?God I hope not since, as things stand now, there would be no malice to drive that murder
249	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Here here Mountain that Posts!!!!
Shae/Lf/baelish/Sansa is all yuks.  Terrible terrible tv.  No suspense, minimal cleverness.  
No imagination on the show's creators side.
250	house of no sigil	2013-04-02	********POSSIBLE SPOILER***************Do you think a certain someone will eventually (next season) find Ros instead of you-know-who in the bed with you-know-who before killing her and you-know-who and then escaping? Aye. Then Shae may become the whore in the refrain "Where do whores go?"
					
					
							Edited by house of no sigil, 02 April 2013 - 10:38 AM.
251	Jon Sn0w	2013-04-02	One thing I am worried about:If the Purpose Wedding is indeed next season, what is there for Sansa to do? Is the already established plan with Littlefinger to sit on the back burner for a whole year?I think it's gonna happen at the end of this season. Why would they setup her leaving with littlefinger on the first show.    I gave the first one a 9.  Loved it all.  Can someone tell me though what was the little girl that gave dany the ball at the end?  Thanks
252	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-02	I think it's gonna happen at the end of this season. Why would they setup her leaving with littlefinger on the first show.	I gave the first one a 9.  Loved it all.  Can someone tell me though what was the little girl that gave dany the ball at the end?  ThanksI had assumed she/it was a faceless man.  But someone said she had a blue mouth so I guess she was a warlock like Pyatt Pree from the House of the Undying.
253	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	I didn't mid the Jon Snow stuff so much, I mean his character is a bit naive and/or two-dimensional anyway. The guy that plays Mance is awesome.
Re: manticore scene...
I'd personally have preferred it if Barristen appeared suddenly, hooded ok sure, but perhaps with a small troupe/gang in a thick crowd of poor people/slaves, many of whom offering Dani gifts or asking for her blessing or generally making her uncomfortable. Not just an incredibly obvious unsubtle "the hooded man" moment perfectly timed with the manticore attack from a bizarre "child warlock hologram", with Jorah seemingly letting Ser Grandad overpower him in a matter of seconds. If there were a crowd (a bit more like in the books but simplified obv), IMO it could have built tension better and slowly got out of control before Barristen appearing to knock the sphere from Dani's hand to the ground (more logical) and squash it, rather than have that cheesy knifey-stabby-hero scene.
					
					
							Edited by mrlukeduke, 02 April 2013 - 10:48 AM.
254	Holymoly	2013-04-02	Haha, I love how emotionally defensive everyone is about the slightest criticisms! Dissenting opinion won't be tolerated, even though it's entirely subjective! Apparently you can only post if you like it. Didn't realise that. Always the same with the fans on the forums. I too am disappointed with the overall result given the budget and magnificent cast. Since Sean Bean no character has been allowed the time on screen to develop a persona. I suppose that's the inevitable outcome when 10 hour long episodes only equate to around 45 minutes each. To be honest, taking into account GRRM's appalling lack of motivation to finish writing the books the producers would have been better advised to make three series per book. That way they could have made a better fist of including everything from the books as well as keeping pace with the source material.
255	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Cant disagree that the open didnt make much sense, really a letdown. Dont see how Ros doesnt make sense. Jon's reasoning was pretty good I thought. Not wanting to be part of the Nights Watch because they allow such horrors to take place, dont see the issue there. HH could have done with a mention of Northmen prisoners beforehand, otherwise I didnt see much problem, obviously the Mountain massacred the prisoners before leaving.Why would the Mountain leave when we last saw him Tywin told him to hold HH?  I dont see why LF would trust Sansa with those types of plans.  He knows she ratted Ned out.  Now he thinks she's going to be able to keep his secret because she remembered he said se was a bad liar?  He knkws she is, why reveal before its necessary.  And why travel around with Ros, leaving her to talk to confidants of other players in the game? As far as Jon, i dont get why mance would care, id be more worried about some dude flip flopping over the politics of his lord.  MAnce knows the vows and that the nw isnt in the business of assisting the others.
256	mrlukeduke	2013-04-02	Always the same with the fans on the forums. I too am disappointed with the overall result given the budget and magnificent cast. Since Sean Bean no character has been allowed the time on screen to develop a persona. I suppose that's the inevitable outcome when 10 hour long episodes only equate to around 45 minutes each. To be honest, taking into account GRRM's appalling lack of motivation to finish writing the books the producers would have been better advised to make three series per book. That way they could have made a better fist of including everything from the books as well as keeping pace with the source material.I always felt like if anything there's more pressure on George now because of (1) how complex the novels are becoming (i.e. wrap-ups & twists, tangents), (2) the novellas, and (3) the amount of input he needs to put into the HBO production. I just feel like the show could slow down a bit and go to 10, 14 seasons. I mean, why not? My fave scenes have been when they've just let the intense and emotional character acting go (like you said, yes Sean Bean was a superb example); whereas my least fave scenes have been ones with the cheap cgi effects, "sum up the situation" dialogue and clichA© lines.IMO this comes about because they're trying to cram so much in. And yet they're skipping so much from the books already, so I'm really curious to know how many seasons/episodes they're shooting for.
257	Lord of Castamere	2013-04-02	Gave it an 8. Had to leave some room for the wow factor coming later. My initial feeling after watching the episode was that i was surprised and somewhat worried about all the deviations in the plot, but after watching the second time my feelings somewhat changed. In the books we are trapped inside the mindÂ´s of different pov characters, who view and judge other characters in very biased way. Now with this adaption. We get yet another pov from outside and while it might as be biased in different way. We still get another point of view. I think that might offer us a real opportunity to view many of the characters in different light and that in itself creates a real promise for this show.
258	DutchGit	2013-04-02	I gave it a 7.
It was good, but there was definitely something missing. As a first episode, it needs something to grasp viewers attention. Start with a bang.... The obvious scene for this would have been at least a more dramatic representation of the battle of the Fist. There was just nothing.
Also I am very disappointed with the lack of Strong Belwas. He would have added a comedy layer, as Dany is now surrounded by Barristan and Mormont. Hardly a barrel of laughs. It would have made most of the future Dany scenes more interesting imo.
Also think Robb is being presented as a bit of a knobhead. I hope they will make him more likeable. 
	Spoiler Or the RW will get more of a "Well he had that coming" reaction, rather than a "WTFFF????" reaction.
259	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-02	It's a perfectly valid criticism. If something is changed from the books unnecessarily than it is perfectly valid to criticise D+D for that.Now fortunately this episode wasn't so bad in that regard. There were invented scenes but only ones on par with what we got in S2, and the plot deviations were fixing previous mess ups. It seems that so far the season is on track to be somewhere between S1 and S2 in terms of faithfulness which I can tolerate.Robb imprisons his own mother (which he never does) at a castle (he never went to) around people (he never met).I understand certain deviations from the books -- Jon's abbreviated/different story to Mance, Barristan not as Artsan, Belwas not being there, but when they make no sense, like Robb imprisoning his mother, Mance being a totally different person, Margary being a social worker, Mormot getting on Sam for not releasing the ravens, Littlefinger proposing his plans to Sansa immediately and telling her Arya is alive (which she NEVER finds out) it becomes problematic
260	The Fourth Head	2013-04-02	Why would the Mountain leave when we last saw him Tywin told him to hold HH?  Fair question.I'm assuming a crow was sent by Tywin to the Mountain telling him not to engage the enemy and fall back. Since commanding the Mountain to hold HH, the game has changed, and Tywin doesn't need to hold on to HH with force. Falling back would avoid sapping his own strength, deny Robb a probable victory, and to deny his camp  a morale-boosting win.All part of the game.
261	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-02	it becomes problematicHow? I dont see how any of those changes, except perhaps the raven one, have negative effects. We have not finished the season yet, i'm sure they will be for a good reason.
262	DutchGit	2013-04-02	Robb imprisons his own mother (which he never does) at a castle (he never went to) around people (he never met).I understand certain deviations from the books -- Jon's abbreviated/different story to Mance, Barristan not as Artsan, Belwas not being there, but when they make no sense, like Robb imprisoning his mother, Mance being a totally different person, Margary being a social worker, Mormot getting on Sam for not releasing the ravens, Littlefinger proposing his plans to Sansa immediately and telling her Arya is alive (which she NEVER finds out) it becomes problematicI hardly think she was being a social worker. More like playing the Game and knowing what she is doing to manipulate Joffrey & Cersei.
263	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Always the same with the fans on the forums. I too am disappointed with the overall result given the budget and magnificent cast. Since Sean Bean no character has been allowed the time on screen to develop a persona. I suppose that's the inevitable outcome when 10 hour long episodes only equate to around 45 minutes each. To be honest, taking into account GRRM's appalling lack of motivation to finish writing the books the producers would have been better advised to make three series per book. That way they could have made a better fist of including everything from the books as well as keeping pace with the source material.No, no, no because then the people who are disapointed because things aren't in the show, are complaining because there are things in the show that could have cut, for instance I don't like Sansa and Shea why are they so much in this episode. Or why isn't .... in this episode. Because more seasons per book means that characters will be more divided than they are now and than we don't see some characters till episode 3.People are complaining about things that are 180 degrees different at the same time. The pace was slow and they copy the books to bad.Maybe I'm just happy what we got instead what we didn't got. We got a funny Tormund and what are people complaining about, Tormund wasn't funny. Seems to me, people need to complain to survive. Sometimes I have a feeling that certain people need to complain an amount of time a day because else they won't survive.Don't get me wrong, some things could have handled better, but there needed to more money and time for that that we didn't have. Personally I rather have them cut the beginning of SoS than the things that will happen between episode 7-10.And a little respect for the people working their ass of for this project would be nice.
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 02 April 2013 - 02:36 PM.
264	chaishr	2013-04-02	Only real gripe I have is with Robb and Catelyn. Wish they'd follow the book where Robb isn't all that upset with releasing Jaime, but it's not a huge deal. I thought everything else is great, and I cannot wait to Bran, Arya, and Jaime's part next week.
265	dubq	2013-04-02	I loved it, personally. I think it could benefit from watching back to back with episode 2, though, as it just kind of felt like it was "half" and episode and really flew by (this is probably due to the sheer number of characters this season).
266	snowlover	2013-04-02	8/10
I loved how they cut back on the Barristan reveal.  I think it will have more punch when
	Spoiler Jorah is revealed to be a traitor.

Loved Tyrion/Tywin.  Peter Dinklage nailed it!  Exactly how I pictured Tyrion to be crushed.
Marg showing right away that she's not taking any crap from Cersei.
Does anyone think that Shae 
	Spoiler is going to take over the Dontos role? Maybe she will be the one to help Sansa escape while at the same time betraying Tyrion?
267	dubq	2013-04-02	8/10I loved how they cut back on the Barristan reveal.  I think it will have more punch when
	Spoiler Jorah is revealed to be a traitor.
This won't be much of a reveal since we all knew it from the first season. Unless you mean the reveal to Dany. Then yeah, that'll be crazy.
268	snowlover	2013-04-02	This won't be much of a reveal since we all knew it from the first season. Unless you mean the reveal to Dany. Then yeah, that'll be crazy.Yes, the reveal to Dany is what I was referring to.
269	Chuck88	2013-04-02	Absolutely loved it. 9/10
Although it sucked we didn't get any Jaime, Arya or indeed Theon, I can see why they were left out and in truth, the episode benefited from focusing more time on a few characters, and it gives us something to look forward to even more next week.
The best scenes for me where the Astapor ones. The city looks incredible and the scene with Kraznys and the unsullied was everything I pictured it would be. Not to mention, Missandei is beautiful.
I think there are almost no grounds for criticism regarding Barristan either. Maybe putting him the recap made things a bit obvious, but the whole Arstan thing would simply have not worked on screen at all.
Tyrion and Tywin will be fascinating to watch over the course of the season. I'm still hoping Cersei gets a verbal a beatdown from Tywin later in the season, though.
Davos, the dinner scene, Robb and Jon's scenes were all great as well, setting things up perfectly for whats to come. Particularly in Robb's scene, it was good to see Bolton and Karstark get some game time.
The one criticism I would have is the Shae and Ros scene. Not that I have a problem with either character, but I would have just rather seen another few minutes of Mance or Qyburn or something.
Roll on next week /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
270	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-02	I gave it 7/10. Good episode but not great.
Outstanding performance from the Lannister cast (Tywin, Cersei, Tyrion).
Bronn badass as always. Seriously, is there anyone who doesn't love Bronn?
Margery is shaping up to be a major contender in the GoT at King's Landing.
Slave trader and his translator were hilarious. Especially considering that there was actually no need for a translator. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Davos is also a personal favorite; glad he's not dead (yet) after all.
And yay for Barristan making a return.
The scenes beyond the wall were a let-down, however.
A single zombie left from the entire host we saw at the end of the last season? From the looks of it the Nightwatch band annihilated them all and saved Sam so what's the big deal? Should have been handled better. Rome didn't show battle scenes either but still managed to make it clear what happened.
Speaking of Rome - CiarA!n Hinds sadly didn't get much screen time; hope he has a chance to shine in the next episodes.
Harrenhall scene? Not sure what happened there. Felt very disjointed to me.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Drizztos, 02 April 2013 - 03:18 PM.
271	Masamune	2013-04-02	Bronn badass as always. Seriously, is there anyone who doesn't love Bronn?Me. Wish him and Trant would just **** already.
272	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-02	How? I dont see how any of those changes, except perhaps the raven one, have negative effects. We have not finished the season yet, i'm sure they will be for a good reason.Sansa thinking she is the only Stark left is instrumental to he growth and transition as a character, from a stupid little girl to a legitimate player. Littlefinger's immediate involvement makes the entire Sansa escape predictable, Robb imprisoning his mother (after wedding a random nurse) makes him look like a angry child and hypocrite, when in the show he proves to be wise beyond his years and it doesn't paint him as the man of honor he really is. Mance's relationship to the watch, Jon and the North gives him depth, it might not be problematic for the story arc its just an unnecessary change, Margery being a "player" when she actually is not is disingenuous, this is a girl who cares more about going on picnics and horseback rides than helping the poor.
273	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-02	No, no, no because then the people who are disapointed because things aren't in the show, are complaining because there are things in the show that could have cut, for instance I don't like Sansa and Shea why are they so much in this episode. Or why isn't .... in this episode. Because more seasons per book means that characters will be more divided than they are now and than we don't see some characters till episode 3.People are complaining about things that are 180 degrees different at the same time. The pace was slow and they copy the books to bad.Maybe I'm just happy what we got instead what we didn't got. We got a funny Tormund and what are people complaining about, Tormund wasn't funny. Seems to me, people need to complain to survive. Sometimes I have a feeling that certain people need to complain an amount of time a day because else they won't survive.Don't get me wrong, some things could have handled better, but there needed to more money and time for that that we didn't have. Personally I rather have them cut the beginning of SoS than the things that will happen between episode 7-10.And a little respect for the people working their ass of for this project would be nice.Where was there any level of disrespect? The statement was "I too am disappointed with the overall result given the budget and magnificent cast."  He pays money to view HBO like anybody else and has a right to voice his opinion.
274	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	Sansa thinking she is the only Stark left is instrumental to he growth and transition as a character, from a stupid little girl to a legitimate player. Littlefinger's immediate involvement makes the entire Sansa escape predictable, Robb imprisoning his mother (after wedding a random nurse) makes him look like a angry child and hypocrite, when in the show he proves to be wise beyond his years and it doesn't paint him as the man of honor he really is. Mance's relationship to the watch, Jon and the North gives him depth, it might not be problematic for the story arc its just an unnecessary change, Margery being a "player" when she actually is not is disingenuous, this is a girl who cares more about going on picnics and horseback rides than helping the poor.A few thoughts. Sansa doesn't actually need to be the only Stark in her mind to evolve. She is obviously in a situation where it's sink or swim anyway. I don't see how Robb comes across as an angry child and a hypocrite when the show makes it extremely obvious that he imprisons Catelyn to appease his bannermen.I don't share your view of Margaery either as I see her as the clear pupil of her grandmother (she's obviously in on the plot at the PW). She of course plays up her innocent side since that makes it easier to scheme but she's not really that flat of a character. Not to mention that in the book she actually has Tyrell men hand out food in her name before her arrival, so she would be loved by the smallfolk. The change is only that she does it in person.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 02 April 2013 - 04:07 PM.
275	Steve Stark	2013-04-02	Gave it a 7.
Not because it wasn't good, it just was a bit slow at parts. Most of the points I gave it were due to the great acting and a few of the key features such as the giant. 
While some might be upset that some of us are giving this episode sixes, sevens, and eights, please realize that it is hard to give any episode the same rating as an episode such as Blackwater. Yet with the quality of this first episode I have no doubt that there will be episodes this season that will earn a 9 or more, this just was not one of them. This episode was simply building up the plot for the rest of the season.
As always, Charles Dance does amazing although I don't think this was his best performance. I prefer to think his scene with Jamie long ago was the best performance, that and his dealings with Arya at Harrenhal. I feel like Emeila's acting is improving while Kit Harington's is either standing still (or possibly getting worse). Maybe his scene was just a little too short/awkward. 
Overall I enjoyed it and am excited for the season. I hold the books separate from the show as much as I can, so I never dock points for those types of changes although I'll admit there are those I do not enjoy.
276	brinson2000	2013-04-02	Can anyone answer if the scene where that little girl with the blue lips was in the book? I really can't remember but I can't recall that happening in the book.. Anyone else think the unsullied were a little bit "meh" as well....? And the first time you hear of a giant in the book is when John is out riding and he see's a whole bunch riding mammoths? I thought that would of been a really amazing thing to capture on the show.The scene as a whole is fairly close to the book, but the significant difference is that Dany gets a box from a Sorrowful Man, instead of the warlock tricking her.I don't see any problems with the Unsullied and I think they were introduced effectively. I liked the giant as well and thought he was very well done.Ahh and it takes place in Qarth..not Astapor...and the character is Arsten Whitebeard at the time u weren't supposed to know it's Selmy, and it explains how Dany gets a ship to Astapor because Selmy and Strong Belwas (also excluded and I'm extremely disappointed as I stated before) were sent by Illyrio (spelling?)....and Selmy uses a staff to knock the manticore (which did look cool in the show) out of Dany's hand, which I think the staff Selmy carried was a huge part of his character for most of ASOS. All in all they screwed this bigtime.I felt that the exclusion of having the scene in Qarth took away from the scene in Astapor because it removed any and all background information of the city. Having Sir Jorah briefly describe the city on the ship wasn't enough. With the exclusion of the introduction in Qarth the Astapor scene semed extremely rushed. Even though the removing of the Unsullied's nipple was a scene I had hoped they would include it didn't convey the same emotion on screen as in the book because of the way the whole scene felt rushed.
277	RAddichio	2013-04-02	I gave ep 1 an 8.  For someone who often wishes the fantasy aspect was not present, thoroughly enjoyed the instant fish kabob dragon trick.  As always, Ser Jorah never fails to give a performance with powerful  impact.  That's one of the reasons I'll never understand why he wasn't included in the pre-season 3 posters along with the other cast members.  Surely Iain Glen's role is large enough to warrant one?? Non?My other favorite scenes were Tyrion's with Tywin and also with Cersei.It's fascinating to see Joffrey finally acting like a human being with his crush on Margaery, while his mommy dearest constantly shoots eye  daggers at her little boys object of affection.
278	stelios_ant	2013-04-02	8/10
+storyline in Kings
+Tywin-Tyrion scene
Dany's storyline
+ghost with Night's watch
+Giant
+Tormunt
+Davos storyline
-Mans
-meeting Mans-Jon (where is the Mans' song?, where is Val and his wife?)
279	brinson2000	2013-04-02	Take away the completely unnecesary Bronn scene with the dumb prostitue and then you have time to correctly tell Dany's tale or even maybe included the actual Battle at the Fist...this also goes for Rob's terrible scene at Harrenhal or Sansa on the docks
One more gripe and I'm done....how the hell can u cast Mance Rayder taller than Tormund Giantsbane?? I always invisioned Mance as being in his younger thirties and not that large in height or physique....but much more stealthlike and intelligent with great combat ability....this Mance in the show seems old, tired, downtroden and like he could die of old age at any point....bad casting in my opinion
280	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-02	Take away the completely unnecesary Bronn scene with the dumb prostitue and then you have time to correctly tell Dany's tale or even maybe included the actual Battle at the Fist...Can't do that. They have a T&A quota to fill every season and there was no other opportunity in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Drizztos, 02 April 2013 - 04:26 PM.
281	Dragon greyscale	2013-04-02	Problems:[list=1]    [*]Sansa and Shae game - what a waste of minutes, what plot arc did it advance, what did it tell us about the story?You can say the same about every other character in this episode. The premiere merely sets up plot pieces. Ergo: you can only judge plot advancment in later episodes, regardless of what happens in the books.If you fairly criticize a tv scene, you'll have to ignore book knowledge. I.E. Ros and Shae have no role in the Sansa/LF book arc but that doesn't mean it can't work in the show. We just don't know yet.
282	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-02	I'll give it 9/10.
Davos struck heartchords.
Margaery in the show is awesome, never cared for her in the books.
Loved the dinner scene.
Loved the Unsullied scene.
Lots of great CGI.
Tywin/Tyrion was intense.
283	Rastaban	2013-04-02	I thought it was an excellent start to the season, so many good things. Yes it was a little slow compared to (at least) the final few episodes of season 2, but we have to remeber that this is the first time we are seeing a single book split into two seasons.
Standouts for me - obviously the one that has been mentioned many times already the Tywin/Tyrion scene, it was outstanding. I also loved the scene between Cersei and Tyrion and the scene with Joffrey, Margaery and Cersei. Tormund was fantastic, as were the dragons, the final scene and Davos, who is one of my favorite characters.
Cant wait for Arya in episode 2.
284	brinson2000	2013-04-02	Can't do that. They have a T&A quota to fill every season and there was no other opportunity in this episode.Touche sir...touche
285	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	I dont see why LF would trust Sansa with those types of plans.  He knows she ratted Ned out.  Now he thinks she's going to be able to keep his secret because she remembered he said se was a bad liar?  He knkws she is, why reveal before its necessary.  And why travel around with Ros, leaving her to talk to confidants of other players in the game?Sansa actually doesnt rat out Ned in the show, so your wrong there. He's also confided in her before, at the tournament in season 1, about the Hound.
286	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Fair question.I'm assuming a crow was sent by Tywin to the Mountain telling him not to engage the enemy and fall back. Since commanding the Mountain to hold HH, the game has changed, and Tywin doesn't need to hold on to HH with force. Falling back would avoid sapping his own strength, deny Robb a probable victory, and to deny his camp  a morale-boosting win.All part of the game.But then the north holds riverrun and hh (a stones throw from KL).  They also won at oxcross and hold the north and the twins (tywin hasnt even sent his letters yet).  Not buying it.
287	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Sansa actually doesnt rat out Ned in the show, so your wrong there. He's also confided in her before, at the tournament in season 1, about the Hound.I thought she did.  Regardless, Sansa is clearly not a player and has done zero to really earn a trusted spot in LF's plans.  That wasn't really confiding his plans about the hound.  C'mon, he talked shit about him to her.
288	Conchobar	2013-04-02	Take away the completely unnecesary Bronn scene with the dumb prostitue and then you have time to correctly tell Dany's tale or even maybe included the actual Battle at the Fist...this also goes for Rob's terrible scene at Harrenhal or Sansa on the docksOne more gripe and I'm done....how the hell can u cast Mance Rayder taller than Tormund Giantsbane?? I always invisioned Mance as being in his younger thirties and not that large in height or physique....but much more stealthlike and intelligent with great combat ability....this Mance in the show seems old, tired, downtroden and like he could die of old age at any point....bad casting in my opinionI am actually really excited about Ciaran Hinds, I think he is going to do a great job. I foudn Mance's character in the book too catoony, Ciaran, so far, seems more realistic and war like.
289	kevin1989	2013-04-02	I am actually really excited about Ciaran Hinds, I think he is going to do a great job. I foudn Mance's character in the book too catoony, Ciaran, so far, seems more realistic and war like.And Cirian can't sing that's why the bard thing is out. Only problem for later 
	Spoiler  DwD plot at winterfel, but they can always do that the bard is one of the spearwives. Or something else. 
I thought she did.  Regardless, Sansa is clearly not a player and has done zero to really earn a trusted spot in LF's plans.  That wasn't really confiding his plans about the hound.  C'mon, he talked shit about him to her.What's the problem if she talks? LF stated that she's lying and who would Cercei and co believe?
290	Sword of the Morning Wood	2013-04-02	A solid 7/10 for me.
It was shame to completely miss the battle at the Fist but I understand why they saved the $$$ for other things.
I enjoyed Jon's scenes. The giant looked cool. Tormund was brilliant and I thought Jon's discussion about joining the wildlings was better than in the books. I think Ciaran Hinds is a good Mance too.
Robb's scene was pretty 'meh'.
Tyrion's scene with Tywin was excellent. It's a great bit from the books that they kept to and the acting was brilliant. It really made me want to see Tyrion kill that prick.
I liked the Margery bits. It was a nice way to show the Tyrell's 'PR campaign' to win over the people.
The rest of the KL's bits just moved the story along really.
I thought the Davos/Stannis bits were well handled too. This part of their story isn't particulalry great/interesting/exciting for me but they showed it well and moved it along fairly briskly.
I enjoyed Dany's bits. I thought they condensed what they needed to and moved the story along quite well. The Unsullied looked brilliant and Kraznys was a real bastard and I'm looking forward to Drogon melting his face off. Thought they introduced Barristan well too and the little warlock girl was pretty creepy.
I really liked as well that they left out a few major characters and focussed more on a couple of story lines instead of jumping around too much. I assume we'll see far more Arya, Bran and Jamie/Brienne next week. I think that's the best way to do it.
291	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	What's the problem if she talks? LF stated that she's lying and who would Cercei and co believe?Why take the risk???  Let her know when she needs to know
292	RSasoiaf	2013-04-02	I will give it a 7
It is still really good television and I was close to giving an 8.
The thing that keeps me from going into higher grades is that the show seems to keep its tendency to not be really made as a whole from episode to episode and now from season to season. Things are set up one way, then they change, then they change again.....it is still great, but there seems a lack of overal management. Like several people are giving inputs to adapt the story and no one can clearly get everything fit together.
The example on this episode was quite clear at the start! Lucky enough everything else was great but the start was simply too disconected from last season.
Sam starting where he does, ghost showing up out of nowhere, Lord Comander asking Sam for the ravens we didnt even know about before......it almost seems someone had seen a different season 2 ending before writting this one and someone forget to tell them they ended up editing it differently.
But ok, rant away...Almost everything else is great for me and this is still great TV by all accounts.
Jon / Mance: IÂ´m ok. Not too enthusiast but it still works well enough. I am on board with all who think Jon is a bit emo but we will have to wait and see
Bronn / Whore: Broon is amazing so I am all well with having more from him. At least he was a character on the book so if he is working better on the show, so bit it! Unleash him! Lets have him around more then.
Tyrion / Cersei: meh....nothing special. What could be said about this scene is "nothing happens". Not a particular good scene for either Cersei or Tyrion also. Still...the line "still makes me more clever then you" deserved to be on screen and makes this worth the time /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Bronn again: yeahhhhh! I stand by my previous statement: Bronn works well on screen, lets have him! no issue with it.
Davos / Salador: Nice scene altough this one makes me wonder about Salador....why could we not see him at the Blackwater somewhere if he was to still be in the show and be used now? And he felt quite in place in this episode. But was this the second and last scene from him? If this is so....allas....the character had potential I think. I am still feelling I would have liked seing him at the Blackwater maybe at the end trying to lead some rearguard action or ordering someone to come with him for Stannis.
Robb at Harrenhall: Ok, fair enough! Makes total sense considering the plot changes on season 2. My take here is well played considering where they decided to go with the show. And when they play it well, I have no issue. Still....from my personal view, I dont like this Robb and the way he relates to his mother. I guess it can make sense considering its an older Robb....maybe....just maybe. But this really messes up the relationship bettween Robb and Cat or at least seems to. But as this is GOT, most likely next episode it will be like Robb never arrested Cat at all.....and I dont know if I just hope for that or not.
Tywin / Tyrion: Great amazing perfect scene!!!! WELL DONE!!!! But...allas....this scene seems now a bit disconected after where they went with Tywin on previous seasons. Tywin seemed to recognize Tyrion at the end of season 1, he also seemed a lot nicer all along season 2. Well....itÂ´s nice to see we have the real Tywin back. Where was he????? Charles Dance is trully something to behold tough. And I am 100% confident he can take Tywin the right way now if they let him. Hope they let him keep the style now.
Sansa / Shae / LF / Ros: meh again.
I think removing Dontos makes sense. Seems like something necessary or at least wise to do. But having Shae and Ros there in his place doesnt make for a necessary better deal....at least for me. Havin LF revealing himself I can take it and understand it. Gives him a lot more to do now and I am totally fine with having more of him around. Just, please, dont make him do stupid stuff like on season 2. If we can sail clear from that, I am fine with him being a bit more 1st stage. Ros can stay but please get her something better to do. She is still not a character and still maybe a "most used prop"....would they care to give her a character if they insist she has to stay around? Shae is still different from the book but at least she keeps consistent so I will give them the credit and wait to see where she will end up before judging if its a good story or not.
Dany / Jorah: Nice to see the dragons and the seasick Dothraki.
Davos / Stanis / Mel: I enjoy Davos. Stanis does really nothing for me. But I think this is well done and looks good on tv. Blaming Davos is consistent with the show. Makes Davos a bit less awesome as he was in the books but that awesomness was already lost when they decided to go this way in season 2. Glad they keep consistent here! Good scene to me.
Marg / Joff / Cersei / Loras: Enjoyed everything! Well done!! And they have me on board Marg train so my respect for that. I am now totally ok with the actress and the way they are going with Marg. Feels quite good storywise.  
Danny and Unsullied: GOOD!!! Not exactly like the book but cool enough and the main message was there. Perfect  for me!
Barristan / murder: I have no problems with the murder atemp being from the warlocks. Makes sense inside the show. The Barristan reveal was cool to see so as for the moment I am an happy camper about it. Feelling could change depending on how this will impact the mechanics bettween Danny / Selmy and Jorah. But for now was well done and I am willing to take their train if it goes somewhere on track (even if not exactly by the book).
					
					
							Edited by RSasoiaf, 02 April 2013 - 07:52 PM.
293	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	8.
As always, i love the actors. but it leaves a sour taste when they deviate from the book.
it leaves you feeling lost.
Almost makes me wish i hadn't read them, i'd appreciate the show more. Almost, but not quite.
Has anyone else noticed the graph is a really good bell-curve?
					
					
							Edited by Dragon Doll, 02 April 2013 - 08:17 PM.
294	Serr Parker	2013-04-02	Just watching back I remember a comment about Dontos being scrapped. I still think he could be in, he could in the heat of the moment get Sansa out and turn out to be Littlefinger's plan all along. TV only viewers might not click on, I think they ruined it by bringing up the fact that Littlefinger is trying to get her away in the first episode, some people may have forgot that from the end of the second season, but bringing it up again it sort of spoils it.
295	zeus	2013-04-02	I think it was a pretty good start to the season. BUT in saying that it did feel really rushed and kind of shot through every character. Was hoping to see Strong Belwas aswell but ah well.
296	greatgeek	2013-04-02	8
A solid episode with some good scenes, and one or two great ones.
297	Lord Kyle	2013-04-02	Gave it a 1.
298	Mr Smith	2013-04-02	My first post  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I gave it an 8. Thought about 9, but the Littlefinger/Sansa scene put me off a bit, and the general content of the episode, while good, wasn't exactly mind blowing.
Mance /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
Mel/Davos /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
Margery /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />  The scene with her, Joff and Cersei was gold. Looking forward to seeing how quickly they develop that.
Barristan /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> as always
299	Nuncle Kraken	2013-04-02	After watching this episode for the sixth time, Davos' scene on the island is magnificent. The way his voice cracked when declaring his loyalty to "the one true king of Westeros, Stannis Baratheon", was very powerful. Liam Cunningham is absolutely killing it.
300	K1T	2013-04-03	first of all I am very excited about The Season premiere.
Nothing really happened at the first episode except a nipple removing process and Khalesi assassination attempt. however the main questions for me remains why Is the episode titled 'Valar Dohaeris'? I mean, I know what it means and who its related to. But how, in seven hells, is it related to the episode?
301	Eira Seren	2013-04-03	not sure what will come of the whole Ros and Shae thing, have to say that's the one part that seemed fairly superfluous.  i don't think the audience or Shae needs anyone to tell us to watch out for Sansa around Pervy Petyr.
302	insertname	2013-04-03	first of all I am very excited about The Season premiere.Nothing really happened at the first episode except a nipple removing process and Khalesi assassination attempt. however the main questions for me remains why Is the episode titled 'Valar Dohaeris'? I mean, I know what it means and who its related to. But how, in seven hells, is it related to the episode?Sure you are not confusing it with Valar morghulis? Valar dohaeris means "all men must serve" - mainly refers to Dany and the unsullied of course but can be connected to other plot arcs as well.
303	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	Valar dohaeris means "all men must serve"How do we know that? I thought the books never explain what that phrase means.
304	boojam	2013-04-03	however the main questions for me remains why Is the episode titled 'Valar Dohaeris'? I mean, I know what it means and who its related to. But how, in seven hells, is it related to the episode?Valar Dohaeris is a common phrase (in High Valyrian?) that is a response to Valar morghulis.Valar morghulis is name of episode 10 of season 2, so it is a natural segue between 210 and 301.However while it is spoken 4 times , twice by Jaqen and twice by Arya in 210..... to my surprise...it is not spoken in that first episode of season 3.From memory it is defined when Dany is given Missandei.I think Missendei uses the phrase and Dany translate it to common tongue, tho before that Dany is speaking Valyrian to Missendei who does not realize for a moment that Dany is speaking Valyrian. Valar morghulis is not explained in season 2 episode 10 but at least it is spoken out loud on the screen, I guess only book readers know the phrase , still it's used as the title for the episode.Why not spoken episode 1 season 3 is a puzzle to me.
305	Maxthestig	2013-04-03	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qvlBijz1-MAHere are our thoughts. I loved the episode all the scenes were short but they needed to introduce everyone back.Tormund was great and I loved the Giant.I hope they include Strong Belwas!!
306	Tywin's Honour	2013-04-03	As seems to be the norm, I gave the show  8/10.
The Tyrion/Tywin scene is one of my personally favourites from the book and I was somewhat skeptical of how it would be portrayed on screen. Thankfully, it was performed seamlessly with Dance coldly irate, whilst Dinklage almost overpoweringly sympathetic. 
Most other facets of the episode were moderately well done. As already aforementioned by others, I didn't really care for the opening scene.
I continue to be surprised as to how much screen time Ros gets. Like, really? 
Oh, and Stannis with a beard = awesome personified.
307	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-03	I thought it was a solid start, a nice building block. I'm just so bloody excited for the rest of the season though, there are so many scenes that i want to see so to have to wait another whole week for the next episode is a killing me. plus this episode didn't reveal the epicness that is going to happen, which i suppose is good for non book fans,
didn't expect to see giants though which was cool and of course the dragons looked awesome
308	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	Stannis' actor is pure awesomeness with or without facial hair; too bad he only got so little screen time and almost no dialogue this episode.
309	K1T	2013-04-03	Sure you are not confusing it with Valar morghulis? Valar dohaeris means "all men must serve" - mainly refers to Dany and the unsullied of course but can be connected to other plot arcs as well.Valar dohaeris is the answer for greeting  Valar morghulis in high valyrian. It's used by specific people in specific places. In season 2 Jaqen  instructs Arya to say  Valar morghulis  and gives her a small coin. I've read all books, and I know exactly when it's used. Thats why Im asking why did they name the episode 'Valar dohaeris'???
310	Maxthestig	2013-04-03	As seems to be the norm, I gave the show  8/10.The Tyrion/Tywin scene is one of my personally favourites from the book and I was somewhat skeptical of how it would be portrayed on screen. Thankfully, it was performed seamlessly with Dance coldly irate, whilst Dinklage almost overpoweringly sympathetic.Most other facets of the episode were moderately well done. As already aforementioned by others, I didn't really care for the opening scene.I continue to be surprised as to how much screen time Ros gets. Like, really?Oh, and Stannis with a beard = awesome personified.Stannis is great /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Ros im my eyes (Spoiler so do not scroll down)Will take the place of Ser Dontos. Anyone else think this?
311	Reposado	2013-04-03	Valar dohaeris is the answer for greeting  Valar morghulis in high valyrian. It's used by specific people in specific places. In season 2 Jaqen  instructs Arya to say  Valar morghulis  and gives her a small coin. I've read all books, and I know exactly when it's used. Thats why Im asking why did they name the episode 'Valar dohaeris'???a because the finale was valar morghulis, and b because the theme of serving is present a lot in the scenesthat style of episode is possibly the thing i like the least about the show. have several of these unconnected scenes share a theme, as opposed to giving the episode any form of cohesion in plot. it gives critics something to write about doesnt do much for quality, imo
312	Senor Drogo	2013-04-03	I thought it was a great opening, My only complaints were of some of the changes and deletions like selmys reveal and the battle on the fist of the first men. plus robb in harrenhal was kinda random.... All in all a good episode I'd give it a 9/10. Oh and yea It could have been longer, like what was all that they were saying before that season 3 episodes would be like 57 minutes.... we got ripped off of 3 good minutes....
313	Hound Dog	2013-04-03	Long time lurker to this site, and finally decided to register and submit a post!
Apart from a few scenes, I was disappointed by this episode. I'm not quite sure what it is about the show that bothers me so much, but it really does (that doesn't keep me from watching it though).
I don't get why they introduced Dontos in S2 and then ignored him after that. The scenes with LF always seem to me to be so obvious and scream: "Hey, viewer! This guy is a snake! Look what a snake he is!" When I read the books he was so very enigmatic and his scattered scenes throughout the series only made me enjoy him that much more. I suppose that's hard to replicate on screen, when you don't have the advantage of specific character POVs. Dontos on the dock  (or just go to the bloody Godswood at night!) with Sansa would've been so great. Non-readers would've asked "Who the hell is this?" Why deny them the surprise of having LF on the boat? It was great in the books, it'd be great on TV too.
Can't stand Ros... she drives me nuts. I resent that she's been given such a huge role in the show, especially when you're leaving out characters like the Reeds. I know, I know, they're coming this season, but that isn't the point. In the books the Reeds were so integral to Bran's character development! Ros is just an annoying set of boobs and has a confident swagger about her that I resent (because she's not in the books).
No Fist, but everyone's commenting about that, and rightly so. That was just... poorly mishandled. I suppose budget had something to do with that.
I imagined Mance to be grittier and to have a bit more of an edgy swagger to him than he did on the show. The scene between he and Jon was all right, but I didn't feel that sense of, "Ohh, the King Beyond the Wall! Here he is!" that I got when reading. I think it's due to the guy they have playing Jon. He always has that stupid dullard look on his face and I find that all of his scenes lack emotion or intensity. 
The scene with Tywin and Tyrion of course was great. And Davos is awesome. They cast all of those roles splendidly! I thought Jaime would be in this episode as his is the first POV chapter in SOS, but it only means he'll show up next episode, so not a big deal. 
I think the biggest peeve I have with the show is that it leaves nothing to the imagination. In the books  you're constantly guessing, whether that be plot direction or character motives. The TV show lays it all out for you, eg, that Davos and Stannis reunion scene. Davos just could've gone to a cell like in the books, leaving viewers to wonder wtf is going on with Stannis, letting you anticipate the moment when they finally do speak again.
Ah, I don't mean to sound so negative about it. I just greatly favour the books and I really resent any deviations from it.
314	Abaddon	2013-04-03	Gave it a 1.Your rationale is very convincing.  After reading your stunning conclusion I feel like I am going to change my vote of 8 to a 1 as well.
315	flyersfan2588	2013-04-03	A couple things. I felt the Barristan reveal was necessary - I mean, we would've recognized his face, and it would have been awkward if they waited 8 episodes. But then, it messes up his purpose for revealing himself so late, because he wanted to see if Dany was as mad as her father. I just hope we're not in for a whole season of Jorah being jealous. And when is Barristan going to call him out for being a snitch? 
The Tywin/Tyrion scene was one of the best scenes in recent memory. Just knowing what happens down the road (I assume season finale of 4) made that epic. 
But I was disappointed with Jon Snow's first encounter with Mance. In the books, Mance tells him about when he climbed the Wall and attended the feast for Robert. And Jon goes into that spiel about "Well, did you see where I was seated?" etc. etc. I felt that this was much stronger than his reasoning in the first episode. 
Yea, it was a bit of a slow episode, but understandable because in 54 min., they need to remind the viewers where every character is at. (But no Bran, Arya, Jaime or Brienne, curiously.) 
On a side note, I think that it's great to take the show for what it is, and not compare which is better - the books or the series - but enjoy the fact that they compliment each other. It's great for us to watch the show because we know what is generally going to happen, and we have that dramatic irony in our pockets, so we're able to pick up on all the little things that foreshadow what's to come. I'm actually surprised that the show is so popular, because I can't figure out how people keep up with all the characters, settings, and such. I talk to my roommate about it, asking what he feels about Margaery, or Davos, and he's like "Who's that?"
316	House Balstroko	2013-04-03	A very strong episode. Either an 8 or a 9
The Tyrion/Tywin scene was great. 
Mance made his debut and we got to see the first giant
Astapor is looking promising. Hopefully Dany's scenes will be much better than the Qarth ones.
317	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-03	Stannis is great /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Ros im my eyes (Spoiler so do not scroll down)Will take the place of Ser Dontos. Anyone else think this?I am thinking so too but Ser Dontos was introduced last season.  Maybe he will still be used and Ros will join Littlefinger on the trip too?  But I can see them just using Ros.  But I don't see her ending up like Dontos.
318	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-03	I gave it a 6. Imho:
1. The prologue scene was really bad. In first season they managed to introduce white walkers in a convincing fashion, but this scene was outright idiotic, like from a 3rd rate zombie movie. Apparently Mormont decided to make it worse by saying the most cliche line we have yet heard of him.
2. Wildling scene was ok i guess, i feel like Ygritte's acting declined a bit compared to what we saw in 2nd season, though that might be just me. I dont like the change the made to Tormund at all. The dialogue with Mance wasnt particularly mindblowing either, i actually liked how it turned out in the book that he has seen Jon twice before. I feel like cutting that out was a bad idea. Basically non book readers got a lot of foreshadowing, and when the King Beyond The Wall finally appears, he gets like 2 minutes of screen time, without anything significant to say.
3. Bronn in brothel, Tyrion vs Cersei all ok. Contrary to many opinions i've read, i actually think the delivery of "still makes me smarter than you" was the weakest link to that scene. Just so obvious to say that, Peter Dinklage can do waaaay better.
4. Davos's scenes are for me the strong point of this episode. Mind you, I dont like the change they made, with Stannis personally imprisoning his Onion Knight, but i do think that Stannis/Melisandre/Davos/Sallador Saan's parts were all very well played. Good stuff.
5. Robb in Harrenhall. Not bad, not great either. The one thing that really annoyed me is how Robb looked at all those bodies and suddenly went "oh right, imprison my mommy plx". That just looks naive. You either punish a crime or not, he's not supposed occasionally express how angry he is for freeing Jaime.
6. Tyrion&Tywin, another strong point for me, Charles Dance perfect as usual, with Peter Dinklage performing way better than in the Cersei scene.
7. Shae&Sansa. Well i just dislike heavily the plot changes they make here, and i find it rather unlikely LF would parade in KL with a whore but whatever. My opinion would be too biased on this one i think, didnt like it.
8. Margaery - those kind of scenes bore me, but Natalie Dormer is a very strong addition to the cast, she really nailed the character i think. And i guess they need that orphanage crap to show how the Tyrells are perceived in the capital compared to lannisters.
9. Jorah, Daenerys, Unsullied, Barristan. What made me write this post is basically the Unsullied scene. God that was so great, "my master points out that men dont need nipples", i forgot how much i loved that in the book. For me the last 5 minutes of the episode saved it. Barristan appearing also pretty badass, though i guess few non book fans will recognize him at all /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
319	The Monkey	2013-04-03	first of all I am very excited about The Season premiere.Nothing really happened at the first episode except a nipple removing process and Khalesi assassination attempt. however the main questions for me remains why Is the episode titled 'Valar Dohaeris'? I mean, I know what it means and who its related to. But how, in seven hells, is it related to the episode?It probably refers to Davos and Barristan, both of whom resume "serving" their respective monarchs.
320	shiola	2013-04-03	7/10.  The low points:  The battle at the first, whatever happened at Harrenhal, and most importantly Stannis throwing Davos into the dungeons instead of Davos just going there in the first place.  Stannis looked like such a bitch.
321	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-03	So all in all it mostly ranges from 7-9 out of 10 which is pretty damn good for a forum of mostly books readers. For all we know we could see more of the Fist in a flashback. I do remember someone interviewed a GOT cast member and he said the first 10 minutes of the Episode 1 was his favourite. Maybe it was cut and pushed to a later episode.
322	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	So all in all it mostly ranges from 7-9 out of 10 which is pretty damn good for a forum of mostly books readers.Just like pretty much all the previous episodes. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
323	kevin1989	2013-04-03	So all in all it mostly ranges from 7-9 out of 10 which is pretty damn good for a forum of mostly books readers. For all we know we could see more of the Fist in a flashback. I do remember someone interviewed a GOT cast member and he said the first 10 minutes of the Episode 1 was his favourite. Maybe it was cut and pushed to a later episode.That was James Cosmo, his favorite scene was the first scene of the episode.
324	mrlukeduke	2013-04-03	I gave it a 6. Imho:1. The prologue scene was really bad. In first season they managed to introduce white walkers in a convincing fashion, but this scene was outright idiotic, like from a 3rd rate zombie movie. Apparently Mormont decided to make it worse by saying the most cliche line we have yet heard of him.Omg yes yes YES. Horrendous cliche bit that was, very un-GoT like. 2. Wildling scene was ok i guess, i feel like Ygritte's acting declined a bit compared to what we saw in 2nd season, though that might be just me. I dont like the change the made to Tormund at all. The dialogue with Mance wasnt particularly mindblowing either, i actually liked how it turned out in the book that he has seen Jon twice before. I feel like cutting that out was a bad idea. Basically non book readers got a lot of foreshadowing, and when the King Beyond The Wall finally appears, he gets like 2 minutes of screen time, without anything significant to say.I liked Tormund as a TV character, and Mance was ok. But you're right about the ott and slightly-samey Ygritte bits. 3. Bronn in brothel, Tyrion vs Cersei all ok. Contrary to many opinions i've read, i actually think the delivery of "still makes me smarter than you" was the weakest link to that scene. Just so obvious to say that, Peter Dinklage can do waaaay better.4. Davos's scenes are for me the strong point of this episode. Mind you, I dont like the change they made, with Stannis personally imprisoning his Onion Knight, but i do think that Stannis/Melisandre/Davos/Sallador Saan's parts were all very well played. Good stuff.5. Robb in Harrenhall. Not bad, not great either. The one thing that really annoyed me is how Robb looked at all those bodies and suddenly went "oh right, imprison my mommy plx". That just looks naive. You either punish a crime or not, he's not supposed occasionally express how angry he is for freeing Jaime.6. Tyrion&Tywin, another strong point for me, Charles Dance perfect as usual, with Peter Dinklage performing way better than in the Cersei scene.7. Shae&Sansa. Well i just dislike heavily the plot changes they make here, and i find it rather unlikely LF would parade in KL with a whore but whatever. My opinion would be too biased on this one i think, didnt like it.8. Margaery - those kind of scenes bore me, but Natalie Dormer is a very strong addition to the cast, she really nailed the character i think. And i guess they need that orphanage crap to show how the Tyrells are perceived in the capital compared to lannisters.9. Jorah, Daenerys, Unsullied, Barristan. What made me write this post is basically the Unsullied scene. God that was so great, "my master points out that men dont need nipples", i forgot how much i loved that in the book. For me the last 5 minutes of the episode saved it. Barristan appearing also pretty badass, though i guess few non book fans will recognize him at all /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.Wow I so agree with almost every point you made it's SCARY man. Especially the Davos point.
325	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-03	For me the last 5 minutes of the episode saved it. Barristan appearing also pretty badass, though i guess few non book fans will recognize him at all /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.At the start of the episode during the "previously on GOT" part they put Barristan's whole storm out of the throne room scene just to remind viewers again.
326	Joyful Union	2013-04-03	Liam Cunningham doesnt get near enough credit. Great performance.
327	Lothar	2013-04-03	That was James Cosmo, his favorite scene was the first scene of the episode.Then that has to mean something in it was pushed back, doesn't it?  Because that was probably Cosmo's least eventful scene in the series thus far.I give the episode of 8.  Coming from someone that didn't like episodes 7, 8, and 10 of Season 2.  Tywin/Tyrion's scene was flawless.  Dany and Jon's stories are already more interesting than they were for the entirety of Season 2.  I enjoyed seeing Margaery's new scenes.  Davos and Stannis was solid, about what I expected.  There was no exposition/sexposition.  Everything looked wonderful.  The only big problem I had was no battle in the beginning.  That was cheap and lazy considering how Season 2 ended.
					
					
							Edited by Lothar, 03 April 2013 - 04:33 PM.
328	Ran	2013-04-03	It's absolutely true that Cunningham's really terrific. Immensely likable. Since Davos is perhaps my second favorite character in the series, it's a pleasure to see the character with such a strong actor, and (so far) written very well.
329	iheartseverus	2013-04-03	It's absolutely true that Cunningham's really terrific. Immensely likable. Since Davos is perhaps my second favorite character in the series, it's a pleasure to see the character with such a strong actor, and (so far) written very well.  Well, now, that sets up THE obvious question--who's your first favorite?  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
330	Ser Luke.	2013-04-03	8.5/10.
Loved a ton of scenes, felt the only weak points were the opening and a few small plot holes. Surprised there was no Arya, but the episode flowed very smoothly without feeling rushed to get to all the characters, which is something "The North Remembers" suffered from.
331	thebadmojo	2013-04-03	Hey everybody!  I tried to create a new thread for this but maybe it wasn't approved because it's been a few days and it's still not posted so I'll give it a shot here.  I post a new, short rap online everyday and I chose the season premiere as the topic for yesterdays verse.  It's pretty much a summary of the episode and I would love to get some feedback from fans of the show!  I apologize in advance if this goes against any forum guidelines but I didn't see anything in the rules section that addressed it.  Hope you enjoy!http://youtu.be/Wj5_Gc1MsP8
332	nara	2013-04-03	Negative:The charity scene felt very out of place...too modern in a way. It's not terribly out of character though. I wonder how much of it they're going to attribute to political cunning and how much to altruism.Charity (by Margery) in a middle ages setup? It looks just plain wrong, even if she has smth in mind(+)Tyrion/Tywin scene is amazing (always happens when they stop inventing stuff) In the book, there is a brief reference to her charity.  After starving the city, the Tyrells ride in and give out bread to the hungry "in the name of Lady Margaery".  It's more obvious in the books that it's a way to gain support from the smallfolk around KL.  I actually like how they convey the same concept in the orphan scene.  It's a little longer than necessary, but Natalie Dormer is an established actress so they probably felt them should increase the size of the role.Also, I agree wholeheartedly that things are better when they stick as closely to the book as possible.  I felt that the first few episodes of Season 1 were fantastic and I saw them before I read the books, but realized later how close they were to the original plot and dialogue.Would have liked- Fewer pointless scenes.  Bronn, Cersei-Tyrion, Bronn-Tyrion.  Genuinely, what was the point of these?...Also does anyone else get the feeling that1) they're making Joff-Marg into a romance I agree that some of the scenes were not particular useful, but I love the Bronn-Tyrion and Cersei-Tyrion chemistry among the actors.  There are so many young and inexperienced actors in this show that they seem to want to give more screen time to people with proven acting ability, regardless of the screen time they get in the books. I don't think Joff-Marg will be a romance, but will show Marg's increasing influence over Joff.  They didn't show that in the books, but I think it works here..HATED the Sansa-LF-Shae-Ros scene.  1) Sansa was back to her annoyingly whiny Season 1 self and she should have outgrown that, 2) there is NO WAY LF would have revealed plans of any sort to someone like Sansa who can't keep a secret, and  3) Ros warning Shae was completely unnecessary.  TV Shae knows what's what and just showing her looking suspiciously at LF and Sansa would have accomplished the same thing.  I actually like the actress who plays Ros, but her character is a waste of time (except for the scene in Season 1 that introduced Tyrion).Clapped my hands when I saw the hooded man following Dany (Barristan)--he's back!  I think the Arstan disguise was an easy sacrifice for time and didn't miss it.  They can always introduce Strong Belwas later.Was disappointed during the credits when I realized that Jaime and Arya would not be in the episode, but I agree that it was right to cut down the number of storylines in the first episode.  It does feel weird that there was no mention of Theon after he was knocked on the head in previous episode.  I know his story, but I think a non-reader might wonder what the heck happened to him.Did anyone think that Valyrian did not sound as refined as expected?  not a big deal, but I sounded too common to me.7 out of 10, but not surprising for the first episode in the season.  I am confident that it will be great as the plot develops
333	WinterKing	2013-04-03	I've made calculations and the average note was aprox. 7,6.
The formula I used was ((1*1)+(2*3)+(3*2)+(4*14)+(5*22)+(6*55)+(7*149)+(8*233)+(9*110)+(10*34))/625
					
					
							Edited by WinterKing, 03 April 2013 - 07:38 PM.
334	Ran	2013-04-03	iheartseverus,
Catelyn.
335	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Liam Cunningham doesnt get near enough credit. Great performance.Oh yes. That look he had on his face when he told Salla that Matthos didn't survive crushed me.
336	Abaddon	2013-04-03	Did anyone think that Valyrian did not sound as refined as expected?  not a big deal, but I sounded too common to me.What we heard was a variant of "Low Valyrian" or as David Peterson calls it "Astapor Valyrian".  We're going to hear some High Valyrian later and it should sound MUCH more refined.
337	Ran	2013-04-03	We're going to hear some High Valyrian later and it should sound MUCH more refined.It sounds fucking awesome, to be more precise.
338	Nezzer	2013-04-03	Oh yes. That look he had on his face when he told Salla that Matthos didn't survive crushed me.Aye, it was great. I felt my eyes watering a bit in that scene /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
339	morgan1028	2013-04-03	Ran, I wonder, if Davos is number 2, who is your favorite?  Sorry, off topic, but I want to know.  Since I can't tell who my number one is, yet I have read these books since 2001.
340	morgan1028	2013-04-03	Aye, it was great. I felt my eyes watering a bit in that scene /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> what made it more heartbreaking was that you really knew, he lost 4
341	Nezzer	2013-04-03	what made it more heartbreaking was that you really knew, he lost 4Yeah, it's much more painful for him in the books, but a scene on TV always touches me much more than on a book, especially if it has a touching track playing during the scene. Maybe I'm not much of a reader, but some sad scenes on the book didn't touch me much. The RW shocked me, but it didn't make me want to cry. I expect it's version on the show to do, though, because of its medium.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 03 April 2013 - 09:55 PM.
342	MisunderstoodFrey	2013-04-03	I liked the episode. I guess it makes sense to start off setting the scene a bit. I was really impressed with the casting of Tormund; that actor is fantastic for the role and he has a nice accent. I also really liked the casting of Kraznys, and also that they are making Margaery into a more interesting character than she was in the books.
343	chrisdaw	2013-04-03	Sam/NW/Undead sequence made no sense, terrible scatterbrain writing and direction.
344	Arya Stalka	2013-04-04	8/10
Overall enjoyed the show! I missed the theme music.
	Spoiler  Wondered about Sam's scene and missed Belwas.

Eta possible spoiler
					
					
							Edited by Arya Stalka, 04 April 2013 - 12:43 AM.
345	Feralwolfchild	2013-04-04	NO STRONG BELWAS?? ARRGGGGHHHH
346	courtjezteruk	2013-04-04	At the start of the episode during the "previously on GOT" part they put Barristan's whole storm out of the throne room scene just to remind viewers again.We didn't get one of those in the UK.  Odd that.
347	gordonah	2013-04-04	8/10 from me.
A good start as far as I'm concerned, with most of the story lines being reintroduced. I found my looking forward to how they present (and tweak) the story.
348	Plume	2013-04-04	Guys, look at this! it's so original and hilarious!
GOT facebook recap. I swear it's worth a look^^http://www.happyplac...son-3-episode-1
349	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-04	It sounds fucking awesome, to be more precise.I'm assuming it's spoken by 
	Spoiler Daenerys when she addresses the Unsullied?
350	Fuse Prime	2013-04-04	7/10
Only because this was a re-introduction episode that didn't had any "holy crap" moments.  I thoroughly enjoyed this episode and am excited about this show.  One gripe I had was why hadn't Mance told Jon he was at Winterfell when Rober had asked Ned to become hand.  I liked Jon's explanation that all Mance had seen was a bastard in the courtyard rather than "fighting on the side of the living."  
A minor gripe, yes, but still it would've made the crossing over to the Wildlings a little more believable.
351	Snookson	2013-04-04	Gave it a solid 7/10.
Things I loved:
1. The giant. Was just what I had hoped for.
2. Dragon CGI. I was greatly impressed. When Dany was "petting" it, I was really blown away by the detail.
3. Tyrion/Tywin interaction (of course). Charles Dance never fails to amaze me. Why have I not heard of him before?? Of course Peter is great as well.
4. Really all of Dany's scenes. I was dreading her storyline after watching last season, but was impressed by the first episode. The Unsullied part was true to the book, and while changing the assassin to the warlocks was different, it worked. I wasn't a huge fan of Barristan's reveal, but they have to do what they have to do. The one thing that irked me in this scene was that Mormont wasn't cautious when a little girl was telling Dany to open a strange ball she rolled toward her. I understand it was meant as a game, but Jorah has always been a little over protective. It was surprising to me that he didn't say anything at that point.
5. Margaery (sp?). I really like the sly way they are taking her in the show, making her a bit more like the Queen of Thorns a little earlier. I also think Natalie Dormer is very attractive, so that might have something to do with it...
6. Bronn.
7. I gotta have more Roose baby!
Things that were "meh":
1. No Strong Belwas. Wasn't mad by any means, but I was disappointed he didn't make an appearance.
2. Tormund Giantsbane and Mance both. Actually, the entire fucking wildling scene. Tormund wasn't as jovial as he was in the books and Mance did not strike me as "book Mance" by any means. I will reserve judgement of these two characters until further into the season, though. That is why I put this in "meh" instead of hate. I haven't seen enough yet to make an informed opinion.
3. Robb and Cat in Harrenhall. I admit, at first I was confused where they were at. Everything about the scene was "meh" except for the Roose staredown. 
4. Tyrion and Cersei. I thought the dialogue was a bit of a reach here. Didn't really find it as enthralling as most of Tyrion's 1-on-1 character speeches.
Things that I hated:
1. No battle at the Fist. I understand due to budget constraints that it couldn't be a huge brawl, but some clanging pots and a scream on a black screen? I was seriously pissed 30 seconds into the episode!
2. Ros.
3. Shae.
4. They way they are laying all of Littlefinger's plans right out on the table. There is no espionage or deception here. In the books he was an incredibly sly motherfucker, and wouldn't share his future moves with anyone. I guess they must water some aspects of the books down for the show.
Special mentions:
1. God damn it, Tyrion is supposed to be disfigured! All he has is a little scratch! Is nobody else still pissed at this?
2. Now that Bronn is a knight, can't he afford better looking whores??
352	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-04	1. God damn it, Tyrion is supposed to be disfigured! All he has is a little scratch! Is nobody else still pissed at this?Not really. Giving Dinklage that kind of makeup would affect his ability to act, as covering the face means that it's harder to convey the subtle emotions. Dinklage was already a lot better looking than Tyrion anyway.
353	Le.Chevalier.D'Eon	2013-04-04	Almost perfect.  If Sansa had been left out of the episode, it would have been perfect.
The dragons were amazing.  It looks like a lot of effort was spent on Drogon doing his dinner antics.  It's finally good to see Ghost doing something.  The Unsullied were not what I expected, but they were impressive nevertheless.
354	ebevan91	2013-04-04	Almost perfect.  If Sansa had been left out of the episode, it would have been perfect.The dragons were amazing.  It looks like a lot of effort was spent on Drogon doing his dinner antics.  It's finally good to see Ghost doing something.  The Unsullied were not what I expected, but they were impressive nevertheless.I posted in the Ros and Shae thread that the Sansa scene would've been better with Sansa just sitting there watching the ships until LF comes up to her.
355	Conchobar	2013-04-04	2. Now that Bronn is a knight, can't he afford better looking whores??She was gorgeous! Whats wrong with you!I would have plundered her village for sure!
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 04 April 2013 - 08:02 PM.
356	DebL66	2013-04-04	Hated: 
obligatory boob scene but am amused by show Bronn and his banter with Tyrion.  
Ros and Shae.  Yawn
The Davos scenes fell flat to me.
Show Dany is becoming as boring as book Dany.  Maybe this is inevitable.  
Didn't really love the Marge and the orphans scene but do understand that they are trying to portray how Marge plays the Game of Thrones.
Not really how I pictured Mance.  
No Battle of the Fist.
Loved:
I thought Lena Headley was great in this episode.  She really embodies Cersei to me with her snide delivery and facial expressions.  Love the building rivalry between her and Marge
Peter Dinklage and Charles Dance were amazing.  Hands down best scene of he show.
I kind of liked Jon Snow's "I want to fight on the side of the living, have I come to the right place" line, even though it diverged from the books.  It worked on the show.  I can't remember completely because its been awhile since I read the book, but didn't book Jon tell Mance that it was because of where he sat during Robert's visit to Winterfell?  This wouldn't have worked on the show without Mance explaining he had been there as well.  They seem to be leaving out bard-Mance...don't know if that's a good idea given events down thw line but maybe it will be shown in subsequent episodes.
357	nara	2013-04-04	Not sure I like the introduction of Qyburn this way.  Putting my reasoning within book spoiler code.
	Spoiler If he almost died at the hands of Lannisters, why would he be so helpful to Cersei during the WOS and with Robert Strong?

This is kinda off topic, but am I the only one who found herself agreeing a little with Tywin during his conversation with Tyrion? Never thought that would happen!  Not sure if it's the power of Charles Dance...
Tyrion talks about how much he enjoyed being hand.  Tywin sees it more as a duty than something to enjoy and seems annoyed that Tyrion treats it as something fun.
Tyrion did spend an awful lot of time with a prostitute, even though the kingdoms were at war. Tywin gave him great responsibility and power and he sullied the family name by hanging with prostitutes.
Tyrion acts as though Tywin took something away from him (the lodgings, the position, the Hand pin) even though he knew all along that he was just temporarily in the position of Hand.
That being said, Tyrion did save KL (including Cersei and the kids) and should have been shown respect and some attention from his father when he was ill.  However, I can see why Tywin doesn't take him seriously...
358	Black Wolf Smith	2013-04-04	Guys, look at this! it's so original and hilarious!GOT facebook recap. I swear it's worth a look^^http://www.happyplac...son-3-episode-1NiceI thought it was good, not great ep. It does look like the show is going further away from the books.
359	house of no sigil	2013-04-05	Guys, look at this! it's so original and hilarious!GOT facebook recap. I swear it's worth a look^^http://www.happyplac...son-3-episode-1Hilarious!
360	StarkDragon	2013-04-05	Guys, look at this! it's so original and hilarious!GOT facebook recap. I swear it's worth a look^^http://www.happyplac...son-3-episode-1Okay, I admit it, the 'Translated by Bing' made me laugh my ass off.
361	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	"9"
Great, great episode. And most of the criticism people make (like the 'toned down Tormud and Mance) are actually for the best. TV is a different media and some things won't work in a drama series.
362	oldboldsellsword	2013-04-05	The highlight of the episode for me was the scene between Tywin and Tyrion! Peter Dinklage and Charles Dance were both brilliant. The Unsullied scenes were great too.
I'm a little disappointed with the Littlefinger plot; just interested to see how they're going to develop his help in Sansa's escape and why they've revealed it so early without the use of Ser Dontos. 
8/10
Cannot wait for episode 2!
363	protar	2013-04-05	"9"Great, great episode. And most of the criticism people make (like the 'toned down Tormud and Mance) are actually for the best. TV is a different media and some things won't work in a drama series.Larger than life characters work fine on screen. Look at the Spice King for example. He was pretty much the only good thing about Qarth and it was because he was hamming it up all over the place. If they'd written Tormund as he is in the books I'd say he'd be a guaranteed favourite. As it is I'm worried he'll just be seen as some generic grumpy wildling. And his character hasn't been toned down from what I've heard - it's been outright inverted.
364	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-05	Yeah, Tormund was important as a likeable character to show that not all wildlings were like the stereotype. Personally I found him really annoying in the books, but he was still likeable; the show version is just completely unlikeable.This was the one book with interesting Jon material IMO, so I'm disappointed that his scene was so boring.I posted in the Ros and Shae thread that the Sansa scene would've been better with Sansa just sitting there watching the ships until LF comes up to her. The Sansa/Shae/Ros scene was one of the few scenes that passed the Bechdal test, so I'm glad it was included. Moreover, the conversation between Shae and Sansa was very important and included a lot of foreshadowing. The Ros/Shae conversation was also important too; it established the North's loyalty to the Starks, and set up Shae's mistrust of Littlefinger (which I expect will lead to him being sent to the Vale).Sansa was the most important part of the scene. Cutting Shae and Ros from the scene would have done a disservice to Sansa.
365	Abaddon	2013-04-05	It sounds fucking awesome, to be more precise.Damn man.  Now I'm really excited and anticipating this!  Still have to pinch myself that we got dialects and the way Peterson created them is fascinating.
366	Abaddon	2013-04-05	Not sure I like the introduction of Qyburn this way.  Putting my reasoning within book spoiler code.
	Spoiler If he almost died at the hands of Lannisters, why would he be so helpful to Cersei during the WOS and with Robert Strong?

	Spoiler My guess, they are setting up Quburn as a Lannister stooge from the start.  He gets intentionally left behind to infiltrate and see if he can breed dissension in the ranks.  He will be the one who connects Roose with Tywin.  I think this makes a lot of sense and could work really well.
367	King of the Road	2013-04-05	Spoiler My guess, they are setting up Quburn as a Lannister stooge from the start.  He gets intentionally left behind to infiltrate and see if he can breed dissension in the ranks.  He will be the one who connects Roose with Tywin.  I think this makes a lot of sense and could work really well.
My thinking was that he has simply gone a little insane as a result of what he has seen and has been done to him. Lying amongst corpses for I would imagine a protracted period of time would perhaps psychologically steer him towards 
	Spoiler  necromancy 
 .
368	Whoresbane Umber	2013-04-05	I would have liked to see the Arstan scene done properly.
369	Abaddon	2013-04-05	My thinking was that he has simply gone a little insane as a result of what he has seen and has been done to him. Lying amongst corpses for I would imagine a protracted period of time would perhaps psychologically steer him towards 
	Spoiler  necromancy 
 .Book spoiler:
	Spoiler In the books, at least, we know that Qyburn was evicted from the order of Maesters for necromancy.  So he was already quite practiced before we see him doing what he does at King's Landing.  I don't see any reason for the show to change that, of course, that doesn't mean they won't /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />

					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 05 April 2013 - 11:52 AM.
370	Broken Fox	2013-04-05	I like this Tormund. I don't think he was too serious at all. His reaction to Jon calling him "Your Grace" was pretty funny.
Book Tormund was basically Yukon Cornelius with a violent streak.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 05 April 2013 - 12:38 PM.
371	Lannister of Tarth	2013-04-05	I gave it a 7. I thought it was pretty good overall, but there were a few things that bothered me, like the skipping of the battle at the Fist (but I do understand why they cut it).
I really dislike the fact that they made Stannis arrest Davos. I feel like they're not quite portraying the relationship between them the way I interpret it from the books. They make it seem like Davos is completely devoted to Stannis (to the point of almost being a pushover or whatever) while Stannis doesn't care all that much about him in turn. But in the books we are shown that Stannis respects and trusts Davos. For example, in their reunion after Blackwater (which was way different than what they did on the show). If I remember correctly (and I could be wrong, because it's been a while since I read the 3rd book), 
	Spoiler Stannis wasn't the one to arrest Davos. He was put into the dungeons by the guards without an explanation and without ever seeing or speaking to Stannis. I think Mel was the one who put him there. And after he is released, he talks to Stannis, ALONE, without Mel - again, different than the show. While Stannis doesn't completely agree with Davos, he understands him and names him hand of the king, showing his trust and respect.

However, I loved the scene between Tywin and Tyrion. And the wildlings, especially Tormund Giantsbane! 
I think one of the reasons I didn't enjoy this episode as much was also that a few of my favourite chraracters weren't included in here. Which is why I'm looking forward to the next one really badly.
372	Lord of Lannisport	2013-04-05	I'm a little disappointed with the Littlefinger plot; just interested to see how they're going to develop his help in Sansa's escape and why they've revealed it so early without the use of Ser Dontos.
	Spoiler I imagine that when Littlefinger leaves Kings Landing, Sansa will refuse because she will marry Willas(Loras?). Littlefinger will then inform the Lannisters about this plot. To Sansa's horror she'll have to marry Tyrion instead (only to have Littlefinger come and rescue her later).
373	Black Frog	2013-04-05	I would've given this episode a 5 but I re-watched it again and my opinion of it improved considerably, I ended up thinking it was actually pretty good.Its just hard to forget how it is on the book and I keep frustrating myself with expectation for things that turn out to be very different or non existent in the show.At the end of the season, when we can see all episodes in sequence, it will probably be way more enjoyable.Still the whole thing with Sam was just a cop out, totally disconnected from the end of season 2 (the real mistake was placing him there to begin with, just plain cheap). They also could have redirected resources from unnecessary special effects (like ghost showing up, the magical scorpion) and given us a taste of the battle at the fist of the first man (30 seconds of shots of the NW fighting some wights would have sufficed, the people that were watching it with me didn't even realize that there was a battle).LF, Sana interaction also makes little sense to me, to out in the open and why have Ros there at all? I could understand if she was taking the places of Sor Dontos, making the connectionbetween Sansa and LF but that's just not the case.
					
					
							Edited by Black Frog, 05 April 2013 - 11:03 PM.
374	MorbidRabbit	2013-04-06	8/10 for me.
Very weak intro, so I was quite unhappy when the credits started, but after that... I enjoyed every scene, especially everything that happened in King's Landing.
The Lannister scenes are always so great...
It's very pleasant to see the Tyrells enter the game ! Their real introduction was in this episode and I think it is a success.
I also think the changes are very smart, especially Robb coming to Harrenhal and Barristan revealing his identity.
375	go joff go	2013-04-06	I would've given this episode a 5 but I re-watched it again and my opinion of it improved considerably, I ended up thinking it was actually pretty good.Its just hard to forget how it is on the book and I keep frustrating myself with expectation for things that turn out to be very different or non existent in the show.At the end of the season, when we can see all episodes in sequence, it will probably be way more enjoyable.Still the whole thing with Sam was just a cop out, totally disconnected from the end of season 2 (the real mistake was placing him there to begin with, just plain cheap). They also could have redirected resources from unnecessary special effects (like ghost showing up, the magical scorpion) and given us a taste of the battle at the fist of the first man (30 seconds of shots of the NW fighting some wights would have sufficed, the people that were watching it with me didn't even realize that there was a battle).LF, Sana interaction also makes little sense to me, to out in the open and why have Ros there at all? I could understand if she was taking the places of Sor Dontos, making the connectionbetween Sansa and LF but that's just not the case.I agree that the opener should have been done better, but I think some people are underestimating the cost of the effects.  My impression from last year was that outside of blackwater it was the most expensive of the effects they did and that was without having to display much in the way of real movement which is what I understand is supposed to be the hard part.  A fight scene would require them to really move and would probably not be worth it for the scale of the battle.
376	shiola	2013-04-06	I'm probably the minority here but I was put off by parts of the soundtrack.  The music would get all big and kind of cliched at certain moments, like at Barristan's reveal.  Too over-dramatic for my taste and it kind of cheapens the moment.  Yes, we get that it's important, we don't need music telling us it's important.
377	Ser Bronn's Mullet	2013-04-06	Pros:
Tyrion/Tywin Tryion/Cersei scene
Better Dany storyline this season
Wildlings camp
Good they didn't re-introduce everyone in one episode 
Margaery expanded role
Cons:
Robb scene kind of felt shoved in there
Roose Bolton needs to be highlighted more
Barristan Selmy reveal wasn't great
378	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-07	I gave this episode a 7. The reason being how they introduced Barristan Selmy. Very weak.
Also they've completely ruined the Littlefinger/Sansa storyline for me. I mean its just too much. All of sudden Sansa is now in on the plot to rescue her from Kings Landing and she knows it is Littlefinger who is helping her?
Just ridiculous. That being said this one episode of Dany was so good that it almost made me forget how utterly stupid her storyline played out onscreen last season.
Joffery and Margery was also a great plot.  The scene between Ros and Shae although unnecessary was very well written and had so much subtext to it. In a way you could see how Ros was nostalgic for the simpler times back at Winterfell when Sansa was just born.
379	Talvivaara	2013-04-07	8/10. I liked it a lot and it seemed to be a good start for the season, but there have been better episodes.
380	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-07	8/10.  The episode is really a transitional one which sets up what follows, so I didn't expect it to be another Blackwater.  I have no problem at all that Tyrion still had his nose or that Barriston selmy wasn't disguised.  The former would have added little if anything to the story and the latter would have been a waste of time on those who read the books or those who hadn't that weren't blind.  Remember, they have 10 1-hour episodes to cover a lot of territory. 
There were some highlights worth mentioning.  The dragons were obviously one.  I have the insane desire to wont to own one.  The portrayal of Kraznys mo Nakloz was perfect.  The mangled translation was fun to see.  "Tell the old man, he smells of piss".  I still laugh at that.  Tywins's exchange with Tyrion, reflected the feeling of a man who lost his wife and got a dwarf in return, and it sets the stage for what will happen later.
All in all, I enjoyed this episode.  I've watched it seven times, so I guess that is obvious.
381	mynameiscrom	2013-04-08	The WightWalker/Crow battle in the dark was bad, even worse, Barristan Selmy's re-introduction.  We need to check in with Balon more.
382	Valar Morghulis Not Today	2013-04-09	Glad they revealed Selmy straight away, in the books it was easy to disguise but here would have been harder.  Disappointed no Strong Belwas though.  Looking forward to Dany's role this season, thought that her plot arch wasn't too great last year.
Felt a little rushed in places, strange to see Ghost turning up as he did and disappointed we didn't get to see more of the fight at the Fist of the First Men - though know the book only really covered it in flashback form.  Also I don't like that Sam didn't send the ravens or Jon's change of reason for his defection.  
The whole episode though was made by Tyrion's interaction with his father, thought that was excellent.
I gave it a solid 7.
					
					
							Edited by Valar Morghulis Not Today, 09 April 2013 - 04:51 AM.
383	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	Giving it an 8. Really enjoyed it.
384	Batman	2013-04-11	It felt so choppy. I never felt like I got a chance to really get into any characters story. I am worried that the more different storylines branch off, the worse this will become.
385	Daenerys is my queen	2013-04-14	I absolutely loved this episode. 10/10. Everything that happened in it was awesome. The Dany moments were especially great. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
386	Masamune	2013-04-14	It felt so choppy. I never felt like I got a chance to really get into any characters story. I am worried that the more different storylines branch off, the worse this will become.I have no doubt about this. Trying to weave all of GRRM's threads into one coherent narrative is clearly getting beyond the showrunners.   I absolutely loved this episode. 10/10. Everything that happened in it was awesome. The Dany moments were especially great. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />So by definition, no episode will ever surpass this one? Really? Really?
387	Joyful Union	2013-04-14	So by definition, no episode will ever surpass this one? Really? Really?Is that what 10 means? The best episode ever? No, it's just a subjective measure of how much you enjoyed the episode.
388	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	i had been waiting for this episode for so long it could have been complete crap and i would have still eaten it all up and asked for seconds. was a good start a little slow but that expected of the 1st ep of a new season
389	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	i had been waiting for this episode for so long it could have been complete crap and i would have still eaten it all up and asked for seconds. was a good start a little slow but that expected of the 1st ep of a new seasonthat being said i would have loved some more Jon stuff, we had no Dalla or Val anf Tormund was a little off but i still watched it  over and over and over again, now having seen some more episodes from this season i can tell it was the weakest, but as far as weak episodes go it was still real good
390	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	loved that little scene with J&Y when she leaves the tent and turns back to look at him, to find Jon also looking at her, they have a little gaze and just as she turns back kinda looks like she check out his butt /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Mance; "the girl like ya, do you like her back boy, is that why you want to join us?" Jons looking all awkward if there were better light to see he prob would have been blushing like a maid
391	Damazama21	2014-04-04	It was a bit slow, but still enjoyable. 8/10
392	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I cant get it.  I don't get it, and I don't like it.  Can someone help me understand?
393	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-02	Well, they did part ways later on in the book, and nobody knew where ghost was at that time, so I actually think this is a good solution.
394	kephv	2013-04-02	He saw Jon's story was going nowhere last season and he went looking for a new owner. Sadly, there wasn't much action at the fist for him either. So maybe they're planning on using Ghost as a messenger now? Mormont will tie messages to him for delivery to Jon, asking him to in turn send back reports on the situation inside the wilding camp. (I think Jon actually thought about doing that in the books, but realized how impractical it would be -- not a problem for the show though.) Other than that, I'm not sure what they're doing with him.
395	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-02	That wasn't Ghost it was Ros' new direwolf  Wolftits.
396	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-02	Does this mean later on this season we could see Ghost and Summer meet up when Bran and company find Sam at the secret door? Or when Jon comes back over the wall?  That could make for a pretty awesome made for TV scene
397	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Well, they did part ways later on in the book, and nobody knew where ghost was at that time, so I actually think this is a good solution.Really? Because in the books it was because 
	Spoiler Ghost couldn't climb a wall
.  On tv it was because.........maybe you can answer that for me, since you think it was a good solution.
398	HouseLark	2013-04-02	He saw Jon's story was going nowhere last season and he went looking for a new owner. Sadly, there wasn't much action at the fist for him either. So maybe they're planning on using Ghost as a messenger now? Mormont will tie messages to him for delivery to Jon, asking him to in turn send back reports on the situation inside the wilding camp. (I think Jon actually thought about doing that in the books, but realized how impractical it would be -- not a problem for the show though.) Other than that, I'm not sure what they're doing with him.He may have also thought: "Who's that bonehead in the black cloak? Why does he keep doing stupid, shortsighted things? My previous keeper was a resourceful, bright, if naive young man, not the kind of dude that makes Wile E. Coyote look like a genius. I'm off to find Sam, at least he always has food."
399	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	He saw Jon's story was going nowhere last season and he went looking for a new owner. Sadly, there wasn't much action at the fist for him either. So maybe they're planning on using Ghost as a messenger now? Mormont will tie messages to him for delivery to Jon, asking him to in turn send back reports on the situation inside the wilding camp. (I think Jon actually thought about doing that in the books, but realized how impractical it would be -- not a problem for the show though.) Other than that, I'm not sure what they're doing with him.Maybe we missed a sene where Ghost said his NW vows as well.
400	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	He saw Jon's story was going nowhere last season and he went looking for a new owner. Sadly, there wasn't much action at the fist for him either. So maybe they're planning on using Ghost as a messenger now? Mormont will tie messages to him for delivery to Jon, asking him to in turn send back reports on the situation inside the wilding camp. (I think Jon actually thought about doing that in the books, but realized how impractical it would be -- not a problem for the show though.) Other than that, I'm not sure what they're doing with him.This is a good thought. Actually the only explanation that makes sense (apart from the "Jon is an idiot and I do not want to have anything to do with him anymore").I still do not like it though. I really wished for a scene where Jon would try to use Ghost to try to avoid sleeping with Ygritte, as he did in the books. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
401	Logodnica	2013-04-02	Really? Because in the books it was because 
	Spoiler Ghost couldn't climb a wall
.  On tv it was because.........maybe you can answer that for me, since you think it was a good solution.They really missed out on (1) Jon using Ghost to avoid sleeping with Yigritte and (2) the wildlings recognizing him as a wrag and so starting to really develop the storyline. I hope D&D have a reason for separating them so early and not just the fact that they didn't know what to do with Ghost
402	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	They really missed out on (1) Jon using Ghost to avoid sleeping with Yigritte and (2) the wildlings recognizing him as a wrag and so starting to really develop the storyline. I hope D&D have a reason for separating them so early and not just the fact that they didn't know what to do with Ghost and the fact that special effects are expensive.There, fixed it for you. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
403	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	They really missed out on (1) Jon using Ghost to avoid sleeping with Yigritte and (2) the wildlings recognizing him as a wrag and so starting to really develop the storyline. I hope D&D have a reason for separating them so early and not just the fact that they didn't know what to do with GhostThis, I just can't get over it.   So much of the beyond the wall storyline is being ignored.
404	shiola	2013-04-02	He saw Jon's story was going nowhere last season and he went looking for a new owner. Oh my god, A+. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
405	freetickles	2013-04-02	Since we know Jon's heading for the First of the First Men in a couple episodes and that's where Ghost is now, maybe Ghost will hang out around there and meet back up with Jon.
406	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	Since we know Jon's heading for the First of the First Men in a couple episodes and that's where Ghost is now, maybe Ghost will hang out around there and meet back up with Jon.that's a possible solution....but why have it need a solution in the first place?
407	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	If I was Ghost I wouldn't want to be paired with the incompetent  and idiotic buffon that Jon is in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 02 April 2013 - 10:39 AM.
408	Monday	2013-04-02	Perhaps I'm reaching here, but maybe it's supposed to reinforce that Jon is still "with" the NW. In the show we don't get the benefit of his internal thoughts to show us that he hasn't abandoned the NW, so ghost being there is a reminder or symbol.
409	adense	2013-04-02	We did see Ghost wander away and disappear in Season 2. So he probably returned to the Fist. Maybe he'll follow Sam, or maybe he'll disappear and meet Jon and the Wildlings before they climb the wall, and Jon will impress them by being buddy with a direwolf. Who knows.
410	Logodnica	2013-04-02	Perhaps I'm reaching here, but maybe it's supposed to reinforce that Jon is still "with" the NW. In the show we don't get the benefit of his internal thoughts to show us that he hasn't abandoned the NW, so ghost being there is a reminder or symbol.I think it's pretty obvious in the show that Quorin Halfhand forced him to become a spy.
411	Logodnica	2013-04-02	There, fixed it for you. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />HAHA.  They had a $50 million budget for the show! just cut out a minute of flying dragons and you have enough of a budget for Ghost.  Plus, ppl will buy way more Ghost plushies than Dragon plushies.  Product promotion fail HBO.
412	freetickles	2013-04-02	that's a possible solution....but why have it need a solution in the first place?I don't disagree. The only thing I can think of is they reallllly wanted to have that Ghost-saving-Sam scene.
413	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-02	My guess (hope) is that this sets up Jon warging. This will make it more obvious that Jon is warging to the TV audience - they know Ghost is with the NW, so how can Jon "see" what's going on with the NW? Oooooh! Also, I like the symbolism idea I've seen posted, that it shows Jon's heart is still with the NW.
414	Monday	2013-04-02	I think it's pretty obvious in the show that Quorin Halfhand forced him to become a spy.It was obvious, but that was way back in last season and before he gets to know and appreciates the Wildlings. Without getting inside his head, the show is going to have to (or should) employ lots of different tactics to convey the complexity of his feelings about the situation WRT his loyalties, sympathies, etc. Especially once he and Ygritte start up in earnest. Maybe I'm over thinking why they have Ghost with the NW. Maybe it was just for the Sam saving scene or for some badass Ghost scene in a future episode.My guess (hope) is that this sets up Jon warging.That's a neat thought too!
					
					
							Edited by Monday, 02 April 2013 - 11:20 AM.
415	wolfmaid7	2013-04-02	I posted this same gripe on another post,in season 2 i felt they diminished Ghost and Jon's relationship,so it totally bugged me that he was not with Jon.That is BS its like they are separating  them.
416	dubq	2013-04-02	I hope they prove me wrong.. but I have a feeling that the only obvious occurrence of Warging from a Stark will be that of Bran. Arya hasn't exhibited any yet and neither has Jon. From a tv perspective, they probably feel that if every Stark kid had the Warging ability it might come off as too gimmicky.
					
					
							Edited by dubq, 02 April 2013 - 02:28 PM.
417	Darryk	2013-04-02	Ghost is always roaming all over the place in the books.
Really don't think it's such a big deal.
418	jugdesh258	2013-04-02	Maybe in the tv show logic they don't figure it is such a big hike from the Fist to the Frostfang..... ghost pops in whenever
419	a shadow	2013-04-02	Maybe in the tv show logic they don't figure it is such a big hike from the Fist to the Frostfang..... ghost pops in wheneverLike Littlefinger in Season II, Ghost will travel the world in no time.
420	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	We did see Ghost wander away and disappear in Season 2. So he probably returned to the Fist. Maybe he'll follow Sam, or maybe he'll disappear and meet Jon and the Wildlings before they climb the wall, and Jon will impress them by being buddy with a direwolf. Who knows.Dont recall him wandering away.  He's the worst direwolf warg partner ever.Although, following show-buffoon jon wpuld prob get him killed as mentioned.
421	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	Dont recall him wandering away.  He's the worst direwolf warg partner ever.Although, following show-buffoon jon wpuld prob get him killed as mentioned.He does appear at the fist of the first men sniffing around and later when Jon first go with Qhorin when he ditched Jon in spite of the later calling him back.Poor wolf, probably knew what was coming and thought Jon's moronic antics were going to cramp his style /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
422	Kasrith	2013-04-02	Really? Because in the books it was because 
	Spoiler Ghost couldn't climb a wall
.  On tv it was because.........maybe you can answer that for me, since you think it was a good solution.I think it would look kinda stupid for the wildlings + Jon to reach the bottom of the wall just to have Ghost helplessly look up at them as they climb... At least now he'll follow the NW back to Castle Black and be there when Jon arrives, possibly even serve as a device in 'capturing' Tormund so that he doesn't die in the battle.Only thing I didn't like about it was that Jon is going to miss a lesson or two about warging that are important, but I guess he'll still have the connection with Ghost (perhaps even see the Craster's Keep episode through Ghost) while the wolf is still on the same side of the Wall
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 02 April 2013 - 06:42 PM.
423	franko99	2013-04-02	Just copy what I wrote in other threadAm I the only one who thinks Ghost staying with the NW is not a bad change?In the books he didn't do anything, actually Ghost separates from Jon before the cave scene, only to return after Stannis offers Winterfell to Jon. Staying with the NW we may see him kick some wights ass on the way to Castle Black, and (in a way) show that part of Jon stays with his brothers all alongReally Ghost will dissapear in ep 5 (unless "Kissed by fire" is NOT the lord's kiss) and won't come back untill ep 10 of season 4. Keeping Ghost with the NW is a change for the better IMO
424	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I think it would look kinda stupid for the wildlings + Jon to reach the bottom of the wall just to have Ghost helplessly look up at them as they climb... At least now he'll follow the NW back to Castle Black and be there when Jon arrives, possibly even serve as a device in 'capturing' Tormund so that he doesn't die in the battle.Only thing I didn't like about it was that Jon is going to miss a lesson or two about warging that are important, but I guess he'll still have the connection with Ghost (perhaps even see the Craster's Keep episode through Ghost) while the wolf is still on the same side of the WallWhy is that stupid?  Makes the decision even tougher for jon.  Instead ghost is just some charitable direwolf that protect all members of the nw?This goes back to how ridiculous the qhorin halfhand choosing Jon storyline is in general.  Why take jon, a bumblint fool wothout ghost?  Jon got smacked around by craster, called a shitty steward by mormont etc.  then he gets selected for a super important ranging where they specifically tell ghost to take a hike for.
425	franko99	2013-04-02	There, fixed it for you. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Actually they would have saved $$ by having Ghost out for an entire season (following the books storyline), keeping him is not because of budget
426	Kasrith	2013-04-02	Why is that stupid?  Makes the decision even tougher for jon.  Instead ghost is just some charitable direwolf that protect all members of the nw?This goes back to how ridiculous the qhorin halfhand choosing Jon storyline is in general.  Why take jon, a bumblint fool wothout ghost?  Jon got smacked around by craster, called a shitty steward by mormont etc.  then he gets selected for a super important ranging where they specifically tell ghost to take a hike for.No one told Ghost to take a hike, Jon was calling out to him the entire time (why he wouldn't respond is besides me)I didn't like that he wasn't there either, especially since I always thought him a factor for Wildling acceptance. A warg crow walking into camp with a wolf by his side would be much more acceptable by the free folk as one of their own.My post was just regarding the change and how I justify/accept it. There is no difficult decision for Jon by then that Ghost could alter at that point.
427	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	No one told Ghost to take a hike, Jon was calling out to him the entire time (why he wouldn't respond is besides me)I didn't like that he wasn't there either, especially since I always thought him a factor for Wildling acceptance. A warg crow walking into camp with a wolf by his side would be much more acceptable by the free folk as one of their own.My post was just regarding the change and how I justify/accept it. There is no difficult decision for Jon by then that Ghost could alter at that point.Follow u loud and clear.  Agreed.
428	Ghosteline	2013-04-02	Because Ghosts CGI is expensive? Hanging around Jon all the time.. I mean...
429	koftroy	2013-04-02	They really missed out on (1) Jon using Ghost to avoid sleeping with Yigritte and (2) the wildlings recognizing him as a wrag and so starting to really develop the storyline. I hope D&D have a reason for separating them so early and not just the fact that they didn't know what to do with GhostOMG! Exactly. Ghost needs to be there, all the time. But I'm bad, Jon is my favorite character,& I complain about this all the time I can't imagine GRRM would let D&D take Ghost out of the story. Last season I said that they should use the money they spent for all of whore house scenes, on the real stuff, like Ghost. He can't develop as a character w/out him.
430	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-02	It is really odd to have Ghost just abandon Jon for seemingly no reason. It would seem that if the wolf can sense how Jon is feeling, he might notice that Jon is in a spot of bother at the minute. But he's clearly far more in tune with Sam's troubles.  
Why even have him show up then anyway? He's not even needed to save Sam the way they did it either because Mormont was there 3 seconds later to set the White alight.
Maybe they are trying to answer the question of why he wasn't around for the fight with the Halfhand at the end of S2, when he was conspicuously absent. Why not just leave him missing and show up when Jon needs him on the show and have us wonder what he might be doing, rather than be confused by what he actually is doing.
431	wolfmaid7	2013-04-02	Thank you, they didn't have Ghost find the Dragonglass cache in season two,they left out him ripping Qhorin Halfhand's throat,and left him completely out of the wildling scene with no reason as to why he would leave Jon and stay with Mormont and the others who are going to get slaughtered at Craster's keep.So what's going to happen? He's going to sit on his hind legs while Mormont gets killed,escape with Sam and Gilly,hook up with Bran and go to the wall with Sam or leave him?I mean how are they going to pull that off?
432	jarl the climber	2013-04-02	Logodnica really hits the nail on the head. Jon being a warg and a powerful one with a one of a kind alter ego(an albino Dire Wolf) really made the Wildlings partial to him. It made his defection seem more plausible as there is no place for his kind South of the Wall. Tormunds attitude was that he does not like Starks but he does like wargs. 
Ghost on the show last night was kind of a trip. He was probaly one of the heroes of the battle. Then hes sitting back and watching Mormont like hes one of the boys. Its almost like Ghost is embarassed because Jons not there and Ghosts own behaivior almost makes it more conspicuous. Now that Ghost has bailed out Mormont and his guys hes going to have to track down bonehead Jon and pull his ass out of the fire. Still I guess it buys Jon some goodwill from the Watch somewhere down the road so thats good.
433	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-02	Well, they did part ways later on in the book, and nobody knew where ghost was at that time, so I actually think this is a good solution.I feel the same way. This is one of the changes I can see making more sense for the show. I wouldn't doubt it Ghost played a big part in Sam surviving in his journey back to Castle Black or at least to Craster's.
434	Sun	2013-04-02	Ghost had no business being at the fist. Also his arrival on the scene by feebly tugging at a Wight's leg, was rather pathetic, imo.
Also, where was Grey Wind? Why wasn't he at Robb's side in the Harrenhal scene? It's a shame that the show is diminishing the Starks' connection to their direwolves. Surely once they establish Jon warging they would want the audience to infer the same skill onto Robb.
At this point in the show, 3 seasons in, the direwolves are nothing but pets to show viewers, non-readers are shamefully ignorant of the importance of the direwolves to the Stark children.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 03 April 2013 - 12:15 AM.
435	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-03	I feel the same way. This is one of the changes I can see making more sense for the show. I wouldn't doubt it Ghost played a big part in Sam surviving in his journey back to Castle Black or at least to Craster's.But what is this now, an anthropromorphic direwolf superhero travelling the seven kingdoms with a mind of its own, leaping in and ripping out throats any time someone is in danger. Or is this an animal that has a specific bond with one human and can feed off his emotion and reacts instinctively etc.
					
					
							Edited by Throng of Mice and Mire, 03 April 2013 - 12:03 AM.
436	I do not sew	2013-04-03	My biggest problem with this, as others have said, is that Ghost is integral to the the wildlings accepting Jon. Would we have bought Robb backing down Greatjon without Greywind fucking him up first? The wildlings try to punk out Jon, and Ghost circling them like some nightmare hellbeast is crucial to Jon backing them off. Now we just have emo-curls Kit Harrington giving them sad-eyes as a response. 
I mean, how unconvincing was he in the tent?
437	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	Since we know Jon's heading for the First of the First Men in a couple episodes and that's where Ghost is now, maybe Ghost will hang out around there and meet back up with Jon.I figure this also. And where we may see the aftermath of the fist.
438	Vikingkingq	2013-04-03	I think Ghost will come through the Black Gate with Sam, thus giving Bran a definite proof that he can trust Sam.
439	Salome Sand Witch	2013-04-03	That wasn't Ghost it was Ros' new direwolf  Wolftits.100% pure awesomeness. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />The only thing I could think of for this is because Ghost didn't find the dragonglass last season, it may still be important for sam to become Sam the Slayer, and it is even more important (revealed in future books) that it be found by Ghost.Other than that, am in complete agreement with most posts and am grumpy at several choices made which depart from the books when imho the changes aren't necessary for budget, aren't more efficient/streamlined and don't improve the story. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
440	Khal Porno	2013-04-03	The saga is RUINED.
441	Buckwheat	2013-04-03	Actually they would have saved $$ by having Ghost out for an entire season (following the books storyline), keeping him is not because of budgetFollowing the books storyline? Ghost was with Jon all the time in the wildling camp in the books. Jon kept him with him at night. Also the wildlings took him for a warg because of Ghost's presence.Also, where was Grey Wind? Why wasn't he at Robb's side in the Harrenhal scene? It's a shame that the show is diminishing the Starks' connection to their direwolves. Surely once they establish Jon warging they would want the audience to infer the same skill onto Robb.At this point in the show, 3 seasons in, the direwolves are nothing but pets to show viewers, non-readers are shamefully ignorant of the importance of the direwolves to the Stark children.Agree. I am really sad we do not get to see more of Greywind, also seeing his reaction to Talisa would probably be a clue as to whether she is a spy or not.
442	Mulled Wino	2013-04-03	Just copy what I wrote in other threadAm I the only one who thinks Ghost staying with the NW is not a bad change?In the books he didn't do anything, actually Ghost separates from Jon before the cave scene, only to return after Stannis offers Winterfell to Jon. Staying with the NW we may see him kick some wights ass on the way to Castle Black, and (in a way) show that part of Jon stays with his brothers all alongReally Ghost will dissapear in ep 5 (unless "Kissed by fire" is NOT the lord's kiss) and won't come back untill ep 10 of season 4. Keeping Ghost with the NW is a change for the better IMOI couldnt follow anything after, "in the books he didnt do anything".He saw mance's host, he let the wildlings know that jon is a warg giving him further cred, he gets attacked by orell, helps make jon killing halfhand credible in the wildlings eyes, etc and so on and so forth.  Ghost does a lot
443	Mulled Wino	2013-04-03	I feel the same way. This is one of the changes I can see making more sense for the show. I wouldn't doubt it Ghost played a big part in Sam surviving in his journey back to Castle Black or at least to Craster's.Sam should be the warg then....
444	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	Well, guys, we have nine episodes to go and to see whether they really parted ways or not.
And I thought about the prologue and Ghost attacking Sam. Perhaps they had Ghost in this scene to show that Sam kind of lost Jon. It adds to Sam's "failure" to send the ravens.
445	Broken Fox	2013-04-03	Jon's whole storyline has been a mess since season 2. The writers are just making him look like a dumbass. Hopefully this season will fix that.
446	lightbringer333	2013-04-03	Jon explained ghost that he is goin on mission and told to stay with the watch . the direwolf is very smart and has good understanding.
447	Buckwheat	2013-04-03	Jon explained ghost that he is goin on mission and told to stay with the watch . the direwolf is very smart and has good understanding.Did he? When? I am sure Ghost has good understanding of what is happening, but I saw no scene of Jon telling him to stay with the Watch. I actually saw him calling Ghost to come back to him when he left in the last season.
448	Broken Fox	2013-04-03	Jon explained ghost that he is goin on mission and told to stay with the watch . the direwolf is very smart and has good understanding.That never happened.
449	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	100% pure awesomeness. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />The only thing I could think of for this is because Ghost didn't find the dragonglass last season, it may still be important for sam to become Sam the Slayer, and it is even more important (revealed in future books) that it be found by Ghost.Other than that, am in complete agreement with most posts and am grumpy at several choices made which depart from the books when imho the changes aren't necessary for budget, aren't more efficient/streamlined and don't improve the story. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />The quoted post is indeed extremely awesome /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />But i still think, Ros will at some point hatch a dragonegg and become queen on the IT in the showLet's go btt:Didn't they already find the dragonglass while digging around at the fist in season 2 without Ghosts help?Imo this bs with Ghost at the Fist ruined the start of the new season for me... I was so pissed at that scene that i spent the rest of the episode just nitpicking at every little difference from the books... (gods, why did they change the Davos scene? I can see absolutely no reason for that...)
					
					
							Edited by nyos, 03 April 2013 - 11:04 AM.
450	FacelessSnow	2013-04-03	What if Jon wargs into ghost during the Caster camp revolution, see's what happens, has some omg the watch needs me but I want to bang this hot red head conflicting moment, then has Ghost return to him after the revolution thus showing his warging abilities to the winding's so they trust him more.
The show hasn't really explained warging yet, I think they are waiting for Jojen to break it down.  I think maybe after they've established the lore then Ghost and Jon will be reunited.  This I think (and obviously $$) is the reason for their seperation.  I don't like it but its the first episode I think it can be fixed.
I bet the explanation of warging may come next episode with the introduction of both Jojen & Orell
					
					
							Edited by FacelessSnow, 03 April 2013 - 01:16 PM.
451	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	I'm going to go with the Ghost has LF's teleportation machine. He will show up and disappear as they show runners see fit and it will make absolutely no sense why they are doing it. 
Jon is becoming unrecognizable. Maybe he didn't love his puppy so much after all. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
452	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	I'm sure they'd love to have all the direwolves and dragons in every episode. But in reality where you have budgetary and technological limitations, along with scheduling concerns you can't conceivably have tons of CG in each episode even with a hefty budget. I'd rather have superb actors and aesthetics if it means less CGI animals, at least when it's not absolutely pivotal to plot.
453	Shit_for_Honour	2013-04-03	I'm sure they'd love to have all the direwolves and dragons in every episode. But in reality where you have budgetary and technological limitations, along with scheduling concerns you can't conceivably have tons of CG in each episode even with a hefty budget. I'd rather have superb actors and aesthetics if it means less CGI animals, at least when it's not absolutely pivotal to plot.This. The overall quality of the show is the most important thing.
454	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-03	I'm sure they'd love to have all the direwolves and dragons in every episode. But in reality where you have budgetary and technological limitations, along with scheduling concerns you can't conceivably have tons of CG in each episode even with a hefty budget. I'd rather have superb actors and aesthetics if it means less CGI animals, at least when it's not absolutely pivotal to plot.While that is certainly true. It isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really relevant to this argument is it? This isn't just about them leaving Ghost out of scenes he could be in. This is about them inserting him into places he shouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t. Having Ghost with Sam isn't a "we can't afford the Direwolves" solution. Because they had the wolf. They spent the money. They just included him where he wasn't necessary and left him absent from where he was needed. I bet the explanation of warging may come next episode with the introduction of both Jojen & OrellThe preview for next week actually shows that Orelll is warging his eagle and telling Mance what he sees.
455	Stannis 4 Prez	2013-04-03	I think a lot of it had to with the way they wanted to have Jon "taken captive" by the wildlings. If show Ghost was with show Jon when he was taken Ghost would've ripped all the wildlings apart. The wanted to build the Jon/Ygritte dynamic last season and to do that required them spending more time together aka Jon being taken captive.
					
					
							Edited by Stannis 4 Prez, 03 April 2013 - 05:27 PM.
456	Lion of Judah	2013-04-03	Ghost just does his own thing and Jon lets him. I actually liked the scene of him saving Sam, I just hope they don't make it seem as though he belongs to the NW and not just Jon.
457	Head of The Ned	2013-04-03	They really missed out on (1) Jon using Ghost to avoid sleeping with Yigritte and (2) the wildlings recognizing him as a wrag and so starting to really develop the storyline. I hope D&D have a reason for separating them so early and not just the fact that they didn't know what to do with GhostI think what's going to happen is.... Ghost will stay with the NW and go back to Castle Black. With the introduction of Orell and Bran's storyline the TV audience will learn some more about wargs. Then they can include small hints toward Jon being a warg as well... maybe Jon will have a wolf-dream this season?I was confused as well but I don't take the changes too seriously, like Sam not sending the ravens, the end result is still the same.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 03 April 2013 - 08:43 PM.
458	I do not sew	2013-04-03	Ultimately I'll take Direwolves any way I can get 'em.
459	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	While that is certainly true. It isnÂ<U+0092>t really relevant to this argument is it? This isn't just about them leaving Ghost out of scenes he could be in. This is about them inserting him into places he shouldnÂ<U+0092>t. Having Ghost with Sam isn't a "we can't afford the Direwolves" solution. Because they had the wolf. They spent the money. They just included him where he wasn't necessary and left him absent from where he was needed. My post was more of a response to those who complain about the lack of direwolves in general. But to say he was not needed to save Sam is equating the show with the books which is wrong. In the series, Sam is much more realistically useless in the face of an Other and is spared quite fittingly by the sort of unconscious presence of Jon the NW. It's a nice little duality of Jon the "turncloak" and Jon the faithful protector of his brothers. Even if he doesn't warg Ghost to help Sam I do like the fact that a purely primal extension of Jon is taking up his duties while he's indisposed.While I appreciate the humor in having ghost serve as a buffer for Jon sleeping with Ygritte, it's not really that compelling a use of expensive technology to have a direwolf show up just to scare off a wildling girl in one single scene, for example.My problem here with people who are up in bloody arms about such changes is that there is always a reason behind why a scene contains the elements they choose to include, for better or worse. I think the choice of Ghost being with Jon's brothers is actually quite a nice touch. Although I'd prefer him to be with Jon in all scenes until he has to leave the direwolf behind, I can appreciate that having limited use of a CGI Ghost would compel you to show it doing something awesome, like saving Jon's best pal, while simultaneously creating an interesting thematic duality between the wolf and man that keen viewers (that arent perpetually scoffing at every little thing changed from the source material) can appreciate.And finally, did Ghost ever pop up after Jon took flight to recapture Ygritte? I don't recall him being with Jon while all that happened so for continuity's sake in the TV series it seems quite reasonable.
460	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	My post was more of a response to those who complain about the lack of direwolves in general. But to say he was not needed to save Sam is equating the show with the books which is wrong. In the series, Sam is much more realistically useless in the face of an Other and is spared quite fittingly by the sort of unconscious presence of Jon the NW. It's a nice little duality of Jon the "turncloak" and Jon the faithful protector of his brothers. Even if he doesn't warg Ghost to help Sam I do like the fact that a purely primal extension of Jon is taking up his duties while he's indisposed.While I appreciate the humor in having ghost serve as a buffer for Jon sleeping with Ygritte, it's not really that compelling a use of expensive technology to have a direwolf show up just to scare off a wildling girl in one single scene, for example.My problem here with people who are up in bloody arms about such changes is that there is always a reason behind why a scene contains the elements they choose to include, for better or worse. I think the choice of Ghost being with Jon's brothers is actually quite a nice touch. Although I'd prefer him to be with Jon in all scenes until he has to leave the direwolf behind, I can appreciate that having limited use of a CGI Ghost would compel you to show it doing something awesome, like saving Jon's best pal, while simultaneously creating an interesting thematic duality between the wolf and man that keen viewers (that arent perpetually scoffing at every little thing changed from the source material) can appreciate.And finally, did Ghost ever pop up after Jon took flight to recapture Ygritte? I don't recall him being with Jon while all that happened so for continuity's sake in the TV series it seems quite reasonable.The whole point is that there's little to no Ghost/Jon interaction period.  Ghost has been an afterthought and the legitimacy of the story has suffered for a myriad of reasons that have been mentioned.If you don't want to hear critiques on the show, perhaps you should try an HBO site or something.And I don't see ghost aa taking up Jon's duries while he's gone.  Jon was a bumbling fool that needs help since he left the wall.
461	PoorLollys	2013-04-04	This might be a subtle way of telling the viewers that Jon's heart is with The Watch and has not turned his cloak.
462	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	This might be a subtle way of telling the viewers that Jon's heart is with The Watch and has not turned his cloak. But it was already clearly stated with the halfhand....ghost hasnt done anything with Jon in about 9-10 episodes.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 04 April 2013 - 07:52 AM.
463	freetickles	2013-04-04	Yeah, I don't think any viewer thinks Jon is really a turncloak.
464	Darryk	2013-04-04	Yeah, I don't think any viewer thinks Jon is really a turncloak.They don't think he is now but a lot of them will definitely question whether or not he remains loyal to the Watch. The Wildlings are free, led by a charismatic leader and reward people based on merit rather then birth, many audience members will question why the hell Jon would even want to return to the Watch, and that's the way GRRM intended it.So with that in mind, Ghost does indeed provide a reminder that Jon has mates in the Watch he is still looking out for in spirit.
465	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	They don't think he is now but a lot of them will definitely question whether or not he remains loyal to the Watch. The Wildlings are free, led by a charismatic leader and reward people based on merit rather then birth, many audience members will question why the hell Jon would even want to return to the Watch, and that's the way GRRM intended it.So with that in mind, Ghost does indeed provide a reminder that Jon has mates in the Watch he is still looking out for in spirit.I didn't find Hinds's Mance to be all that charismatic. I found Caesar-Beyond-the-Wall. Powerful, sure. But lovable? Not so much.
466	Darryk	2013-04-04	I didn't find Hinds's Mance to be all that charismatic. I found Caesar-Beyond-the-Wall. Powerful, sure. But lovable? Not so much.Hinds has a natural presence to him, obviously to us book readers his Mance seems lacking in charisma because we're comparing him to Mance from the books.One hopes that over the course of the season, audiences will see why the wildlings follow Mance.
467	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	The whole point is that there's little to no Ghost/Jon interaction period.  Ghost has been an afterthought and the legitimacy of the story has suffered for a myriad of reasons that have been mentioned.If you don't want to hear critiques on the show, perhaps you should try an HBO site or something.And I don't see ghost aa taking up Jon's duries while he's gone.  Jon was a bumbling fool that needs help since he left the wall.I have no problem listening to reasonable critique. Yours is just not reasonable. The legitimacy of the story has not been affected by the lack of ghost. He doesn't need to be a known warg to be accepted by wildlings (he's not even accepted by many even in the novels).
468	Littlefinger of the Hand	2013-04-04	Guys. It is simple. Jon and Ghost got separated and  later Ghost couldn;t find Jon and returned to the Fist. Dogs and wolves have great problems at tracking people or animals. It is known /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
469	freetickles	2013-04-04	They don't think he is now but a lot of them will definitely question whether or not he remains loyal to the Watch. The Wildlings are free, led by a charismatic leader and reward people based on merit rather then birth, many audience members will question why the hell Jon would even want to return to the Watch, and that's the way GRRM intended it.So with that in mind, Ghost does indeed provide a reminder that Jon has mates in the Watch he is still looking out for in spirit.I could see them taking that approach in the show. It never really occurred to me reading the books that Jon would truly desert the NW, probably because we were seeing his POV and knew all he was thinking was "honor, honor, vows, brothers, blah blah blah, save the wall".
470	Drogo_1	2013-04-04	I loved that during Mormonts little speech about getting back to the wall everyone is there in a little circle and ghost is right there listening intently to every word.
471	Kasrith	2013-04-04	Ghost on the show last night was kind of a trip. He was probaly one of the heroes of the battle. Then hes sitting back and watching Mormont like hes one of the boys. Its almost like Ghost is embarassed because Jons not there and Ghosts own behaivior almost makes it more conspicuous. Now that Ghost has bailed out Mormont and his guys hes going to have to track down bonehead Jon and pull his ass out of the fire. Still I guess it buys Jon some goodwill from the Watch somewhere down the road so thats good.Your post sparked an idea. Even if Ghost doesn't return to Jon (although him showing up close to the camp and have Jon bring him in would look pretty good - but not as good as originally walking in or even having him rip Halfhand's throat out), he could take Jon's place in a way with the NW. I doubt they would give us any sequence like that of Bran looking through Summer's eyes, which would be absurd even if they did, but he could dream or smth to keep tabs on the Watch. Perhaps even use Ghost to warn Castle Black of the attack once both Ghost and Jon are back on the other side of the wall...
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 04 April 2013 - 04:10 PM.
472	freetickles	2013-04-04	Your post sparked an idea. Even if Ghost doesn't return to Jon (although him showing up close to the camp and have Jon bring him in would look pretty good - but not as good as originally walking in or even having him rip Halfhand's throat out), he could take Jon's place in a way with the NW. I doubt they would give us any sequence like that of Bran looking through Summer's eyes, which would be absurd even if they did, but he could dream or smth to keep tabs on the Watch. Perhaps even use Ghost to warn Castle Black of the attack once both Ghost and Jon are back on the other side of the wall...The other thing about Mormont's speech is that "Everyone you've ever known will be dead!" was a bit over-the-top cheesy and over-dramatic. Cosmo knew it, too - he couldn't even deliver the line earnestly.
473	wolfmaid7	2013-04-04	The other thing about Mormont's speech is that "Everyone you've ever known will be dead!" was a bit over-the-top cheesy and over-dramatic. Cosmo knew it, too - he couldn't even deliver the line earnestly. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  Totally not his cup of tea.
474	jarl the climber	2013-04-04	The other thing about Mormont's speech is that "Everyone you've ever known will be dead!" was a bit over-the-top cheesy and over-dramatic. Cosmo knew it, too - he couldn't even deliver the line earnestly.Yeah, you figure the fact that they will be dead if they do not make it back to the Wall would be motivation enough.
475	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-04	But to say he was not needed to save Sam is equating the show with the books which is wrong.Its not. Saying ghost was not needed to save Sam is acknowledging the fact that Mormont and the rest of the entire group of the Fist survivors were standing 10 feet away and set the Wight alight in half a second anyway. The idea of Ghosts presence with the watch being symbolic is interesting though. Lets see if they follow through on that in a meaningful way. Because if they just end up having Ghost find Jon again no probs and then trying to sell a scene with Jon being worried about leaving Ghost behind when he climbs the wall, its going to feel stupid.
476	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	Its not. Saying ghost was not needed to save Sam is acknowledging the fact that Mormont and the rest of the entire group of the Fist survivors were standing 10 feet away and set the Wight alight in half a second anyway.The idea of Ghosts presence with the watch being symbolic is interesting though. Lets see if they follow through on that in a meaningful way. Because if they just end up having Ghost find Jon again no probs and then trying to sell a scene with Jon being worried about leaving Ghost behind when he climbs the wall, its going to feel stupid.He would've been long dead had Ghost not stalled enough for Mormont to burn him. What you think Mormont just stood there for 10 seconds watching while the wight almost killed him?
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 April 2013 - 06:47 PM.
477	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	My biggest problem with this, as others have said, is that Ghost is integral to the the wildlings accepting Jon. ?Really?  That's funny, because to be honest I didn't even remember this, and I read all the books twice.  I vaguely remember the story of Jon at the feast now that everyone has talked about it.  I guess I'm not a "true" fan then, huh?What I DO remember, and what is most important, is that Mance Rayder felt an affinity for Jon because he too was a member of the night's watch who defected, and he was respected for having been able to kill the Halfhand - which the wildings (other than Mance), with their black and white view of the "crows" would never believe a loyal member of the night's watch would do.And gosh, that's pretty much what happened on the show, with the addition of Jon's "I want to fight for the side that fights for the living" story, which I personally found very stirring and the most memorable line from the episode.So if him being a warg who was followed around with a direwolf was INTEGRAL (which means so important that without it nothing else works), then I think I would remember it, and the scene would have rang false to me, which it didn't.I'm sure there is a reason the producers chose to have Ghost stay with the night's watch, and I suspect that it will involve Jon's warging abilities.  Also as was mentioned before, it is symbolic that Jon remains with them, even though he is not there.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 04 April 2013 - 08:19 PM.
478	Mulled Wino	2013-04-05	I have no problem listening to reasonable critique. Yours is just not reasonable. The legitimacy of the story has not been affected by the lack of ghost. He doesn't need to be a known warg to be accepted by wildlings (he's not even accepted by many even in the novels).Ok.  There seems to be quite a few people that agree with me.  I guess we're all unreasonable.Im not buying it.  To all the wildlings he's just another crow that they would just kill.  You believe whatever they tell you, fine by me.  In addition tp the credibilty of the story sufferring, the reinforcement of the Starks and their relationship with their direwolves is sufferring.
479	Winterfellian	2013-04-05	Ok.  There seems to be quite a few people that agree with me.  I guess we're all unreasonable.Im not buying it.  To all the wildlings he's just another crow that they would just kill.  You believe whatever they tell you, fine by me.  In addition tp the credibilty of the story sufferring, the reinforcement of the Starks and their relationship with their direwolves is sufferring.Am rereading Jon's ASOS chapters becaue I wanted to confirm how much Ghost played a part in Jon's acceptance. The widlings make mention of Jon's warg abilities more than once during the journey to Mance's death and in ACOK Ygritte specifically mentioned that they (wildings) do not fear wargs in clear comparison with Southron views when they were deciding whether to kill Jon.When they met the weeper (and we all now he's not exactly the most charming of wildings) Longspear tells him that Jon and Ghost killed that Halfhand and Ragwyle also contributes by telling him that  "the lad's a warg or close enough...his wolf took a piece of the halfhands leg". After this exchange the weeper allows them through.Upon arriving at Mance's tent Tormund specifically tells Jon: I happen to be fond of wargs as it happens, though not of Starks.So is clear that they took notice of Jon's warging abilities and that they played a part in his acceptance.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 05 April 2013 - 01:07 PM.
480	Drogo_1	2013-04-05	I guess I'm not a "true" fan then, huh?guess not
481	Col. Forbin	2013-04-05	I think our questions about this will be answered (I'll be really pissed if we get no explanation) and I also think it has the possibility of leading to something really cool. The fact that they show Orell warging the eagle very prominently in the trailors makes me think that warging abilities will certainly be discussed amongst Jon and the wildlings and could lead to Jon reaching out to Ghost. Who knows but I'm not going to gripe until they have a chance to take it in whichever direction it is heading.
482	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-05	Ok.  There seems to be quite a few people that agree with me.  I guess we're all unreasonable.Im not buying it.  To all the wildlings he's just another crow that they would just kill.  You believe whatever they tell you, fine by me.  In addition tp the credibilty of the story sufferring, the reinforcement of the Starks and their relationship with their direwolves is sufferring.He killed Qhorin Halfhand in front of a bunch of wildlings (without the help of his wolf to lend credence to the fact that perhaps he didn't truly want to kill him). If you recall several times in the books, the not-so-fond-of-Snow wildlings deny or downplay Jon killing Qhorin because he needed the help of his wolf to do it.How was Mance not just a crow when he first deserted? He knows Jon will be incredibly useful to him, so why kill someone who may actually offer their useful allegiance without at least testing them first.And by the way "Lots of people agree with me" is not a very good argument. Lots of people are hardheaded book purists who will attempt to detract from any changes to the novels for the sake of complaining about the lack of fidelity to the source material.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 05 April 2013 - 07:36 PM.
483	Khal Porno	2013-04-06	guess notI guess I should toss out my collection of the books and deactivate my membership here and stop looking forward to the next installment.
484	Balintos	2013-04-06	I don't even get it why would be showing a direwolf so expensive? In an interview D&D said that the wolves are not totally computer rendered, they are real wolves (or dogs) scaled up, so  I think Ghost walking alongside Jon wouldn't be nearly as expensive as showing the dragons.
					
					
							Edited by Balintos, 06 April 2013 - 07:38 AM.
485	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	I don't even get it why would be showing a direwolf so expensive? In an interview D&D said that the wolves are not totally computer rendered, they are real wolves (or dogs) scaled up, so  I think Ghost walking alongside Jon wouldn't be nearly as expensive as showing the dragons.It's entirely CGI at this point, I believe. I heard Kit saying they used giant fake wolves to give the actors something to interact with after S1.
486	Winterfellian	2013-04-06	It's entirely CGI at this point, I believe. I heard Kit saying they used giant fake wolves to give the actors something to interact with after S1.At the emmy pannel  D&D said that they filmed real wolves and then enhanced them. So the amount of CGI  that goes into the wolves is not the same as in the dragons, for example
487	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	At the emmy pannel  D&D said that they filmed real wolves and then enhanced them. So the amount of CGI  that goes into the wolves is not the same as in the dragons, for exampleFair enough, I just listened to the panel. There's no CG in the wolves, just visual effects from scaled up wolves as you said. I'm sure they have a visual effects budget and the dragons eat most of it up.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 April 2013 - 01:54 PM.
488	koftroy	2014-04-27	I have been complaining about no Ghost since season 2.Correct me if I'm wrong, Ghost defines who Jon is more than anything else.Hopefully now they will actually make my favorite character, be my fave character. They have written very poorly and there was no reason too. I better see Ghost pull Locke's throat out, because he would as he would know the danger
489	Ice Turtle	2013-04-01	First I have to say that I'm a little disappointed that we never got Tywin's reaction when we learns that Cersei doesn't have Arya, they even made it a topic of few conversations in season 2.
But more to the topic, Littlefinger tells Sansa what could be understood as I saw your sister or your sister is eager to see you. Either way he is telling Arya is alive.
So did he recognize Arya at Harrenhal or is he feeding Sansa with lies, maybe setting foundations for fake Arya plot?
For now I think it's more likely that he is lying (fewer potholes), but I really hope they make it clear in next episodes. What do you think?
					
					
							Edited by Ice Turtle, 01 April 2013 - 02:55 PM.
490	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	I think lies i mean he told Catelyn in season 2 that Arya was safe as well didn't he?
491	Ciglon	2013-04-01	It's impossible to know, really. He definitely did a double-take in Tywin's solar at Harrenhal, but who knows whether he really recognized Arya or not.
He has lied to Catelyn about Cersei having Arya already, so it wouldn't be surprising if he's just lying to Sansa as well.
Personally, I don't think he recognized Arya fully at Harrenhal. I think that LF, opportunist that he is, would have found some way to get Arya out of Harrenhal if that was the case, and wouldn't have let such a prized bargaining piece on her own to (most likely) die in the wilderness.
492	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	I think he did recognise her. There was a slight tilt of the head when he saw Arya last season that suggested to me that Littlefinger was thinking "well, shit.." So yeah, I think he knew it was her.But knowledge is power to Littlefinger, remember. He will tell Sansa all she needs to know for his own nefarious needs.Edit: Above: Yeah, the double-take at Harrenhal. That's the look I meant.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Dermett Corbray, 01 April 2013 - 02:13 PM.
493	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Think that episode just confirmed it
494	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	I always thought it didn't make sense that LF didn't recognize Arya.
495	freetickles	2013-04-01	I agree that it could go either way (i.e. he could be lying about having just seen Arya), but I think it was the writers' way of confirming that he did in fact recognize her at Harrenhall.
496	Oakenfist	2013-04-01	I always thought it didn't make sense that LF didn't recognize Arya.I agree with this but it doesn't really make sense that he wouldn't do anything about it.
497	Ciglon	2013-04-01	I agree with this but it doesn't really make sense that he wouldn't do anything about it. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Pretty much this. Arya is one of the most prized and valuable bargaining pieces in the entire War of the Five Kings, sister to the King in the North, LF finds out she's Tywin's temp. cupbearer, and just leaves her there?Does he think she'll be safe? Or that she'll stay there indefinitely? Why did he not try to go back and collect her when Tywin left Harrenhal? Anyone's best guess is that she would have died at or near Harrenhal had she tried to escape, it just doesn't make any sense to leave her there, given her immense worth.
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 01 April 2013 - 02:31 PM.
498	Greywolf2375	2013-04-01	Pretty sure he did recognize her, which even more so reinforces why it might have been a mistake since he didn't do anything about it.
499	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-01	I agree with this but it doesn't really make sense that he wouldn't do anything about it.He had bigger fish to fry, he was working on an alliance between Lannister and Tyrells when he saw her. He can't exactly grab her at that point they'd say something to him when he leaves.Also, how does he know that Tywin doesn't know who Arya is? He should very much suspect that Tywin doesn't but there would've been no way for him to ask Tywin without pointing out her identity.
500	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	What is it you think he can do about it? Arya is Tywin's cupbearer.
501	Trebla	2013-04-01	It does make sense to not say anything because it's classic Littlefinger. He describes himself as thriving on chaos. I think in his eyes this gives him a hidden card to play. He's playing for himself, not for the Lannisters or the Starks. So revealing her to Tywin doesn't help him win over Cat. Nor does helping her at Harrenhall while the war was still in doubt. Things have changed now, the Lannister are on top and he's in a much better situation. So he'll help Sansa now.
502	Buckwheat	2013-04-01	I think he recognised her. It is foolish if he expects her to stay in Harrenhal if he means to find her again, though.
503	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	But what does him recognizing Arya even mean? It doesn't add anything to the story imo. I think he is just lying.
504	Buckwheat	2013-04-01	What is it you think he can do about it? Arya is Tywin's cupbearer.Tell Tywin about it and get a reward?
505	WTFSalami	2013-04-01	I pretty much just assumed that he confirmed that he knew it was Arya when he told Sansa he had seen her sister.
506	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	Tell Tywin about it and get a reward?Wouldn't he have already done that though and i assume he would of realized by now that Tywin didn't take her with him to KL.
507	Buckwheat	2013-04-01	Wouldn't he have already done that though and i assume he would of realized by now that Tywin didn't take her with him to KL.Yes, he would. I thought we were speaking of the moment when he realised it.There is another possibility that LF realised who she was only after leaving Harrenhal and could not go back there to kidnap her or anything. Extremely unlikely, though.
508	Broken Fox	2013-04-01	But what does him recognizing Arya even mean? It doesn't add anything to the story imo. I think he is just lying.Agreed. Unless the shows adds in some new storyline, I'm sticking with Littlefinger bullshitting.
509	ServantOnIce	2013-04-01	I think Littlefinger told the truth. He spent a good time with Arya during the Tourney of the Hand and he had his spies all over the city.   He knew what she looked like, and he knew how to keep his mouth shut.
510	insertname	2013-04-01	Pretty sure he recognized her. Show LF is a lot less subtle than in the books, but even so I can understand not telling Tywin. He recognized her - so he had an information nobody else has. All he has to do now is to wait for the right moment to use it. Telling Tywin would be pretty stupid, what would he get out of it? A pat on the back?
511	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	I assume that LF recognized Arya, and also that he assumed that Tywin knew who she was and was keeping her close for some nefarious purpose. I don't think it would have crossed his weaselly little mind that Tywin would have Arya as his cupbearer and not realize it!
512	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	Pretty sure he recognized her. Show LF is a lot less subtle than in the books, but even so I can understand not telling Tywin. He recognized her - so he had an information nobody else has. All he has to do now is to wait for the right moment to use it. Telling Tywin would be pretty stupid, what would he get out of it? A pat on the back?I'd rather have a pat on the back from Tywin than get absolutely nothing.
					
					
							Edited by Mark Antony, 01 April 2013 - 03:52 PM.
513	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	First I have to say that I'm a little disappointed that we never got Tywin's reaction when we learns that Cersei doesn't have Arya, they even made it a topic of few conversations in season 2.But more to the topic, Littlefinger tells Sansa what could be understood as I saw your sister or your sister is eager to see you. Either way he is telling Arya is alive.So did he recognize Arya at Harrenhal or is he feeding Sansa with lies, maybe setting foundations for fake Arya plot?For now I think it's more likely that he is lying (fewer potholes), but I really hope they make it clear in next episodes. What do you think?I really took that scene to mean that they're setting up the fake!Arya thing a little bit earlier.  There was a coy little smile on Littlefinger's face when Sasna asked if Arya was alive, and I don't think he really knows that she is, I think he's just planning on pretending she is.
514	Montey14	2013-04-01	yeahh he's just making it up .....Littlefinger tends to lie a bit ......
515	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Are they going to write it so that LF gets the idea of Fake Arya after seeing Arya at Harrenhal? I'm half convinced that he was just bullshitting Sansa.
516	Nymeria_Snow	2013-04-01	definitely lying- if he had recognised her, he would've figured out a way to get her out and gain control. as it is,I think he has a certain disguised Jeyne Poole in mind.
517	Freebird6699	2013-04-01	I don't think he recognized her. It would make no sense to leave her there, even if Tywin was there also.  He is just telling Sansa what he thinks she wants to hear.  Big deviation from the book though. I don't remember in any of the books that Sansa ever cared to find out anything at all about Arya.
518	cybobbie	2013-04-01	For me he did recognize her, because it would be strange (as it was when I saw it on season 2) if he didn't. As for actions, well I don't think that he could rescue her there. But again, it's LF and it's an adaptation of the books, so anything may come from it.
519	Zman1863	2013-04-01	Are they going to write it so that LF gets the idea of Fake Arya after seeing Arya at Harrenhal? I'm half convinced that he was just bullshitting Sansa.I also thought that they might be laying the ground for the Fake Arya thing. I can't see what other point it has other than to show that he has more information than the Lannisters who he creates the Fake Arya scheme with. It really can't have much more of an impact because all he would have learned is that Arya was alive at that time and at that place.
520	Stark Winds	2013-04-01	For me he did recognize her, because it would be strange (as it was when I saw it on season 2) if he didn't. As for actions, well I don't think that he could rescue her there. But again, it's LF and it's an adaptation of the books, so anything may come from it.Maybe he sends a spy after her who's killed by the Brotherhood Without Banners? Maybe Sandor Clegane doesn't meet her by chance! Maybe Littlefinger sends him after Arya!! XDWe'll have to wait and see. If he did recognize her, then he realized that if Tywin Lannister cannot recognize Arya under his nose, then he would have no problem claiming Jeyne Poole as Aryato him.
521	Newstar	2013-04-01	Either way, I hope we get clarification, because now I'm hopelessly confused.
522	bent branch	2013-04-02	Honestly, I had forgotten about Arya being Tywin's cupbearer in Harrenhall, so I just thought he was referring to Jeyne Poole.
523	Every	2013-04-02	He had bigger fish to fry, he was working on an alliance between Lannister and Tyrells when he saw her. He can't exactly grab her at that point they'd say something to him when he leaves.I just don't buy this. It's not like she's under Tywin's eye around the clock, and LF is certainly not above abducting a politically valuable child out from under someone else's nose. Do you really think he was that preoccupied with the Lannister/Tyrell alliance that he said to himself, 'nah, I've got enough on my plate, so I'll let this opportunity for a vulnerable and highly prized hostage slide'?
524	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-02	i always thought it was pretty obvious that D&D wanted us to know that LF pretty much knew that was Arya, elsewhise it is just silly television if he didnt.
525	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-02	I just don't buy this. It's not like she's under Tywin's eye around the clock, and LF is certainly not above abducting a politically valuable child out from under someone else's nose. Do you really think he was that preoccupied with the Lannister/Tyrell alliance that he said to himself, 'nah, I've got enough on my plate, so I'll let this opportunity for a vulnerable and highly prized hostage slide'?Arya's not guarded around the clock but the gates of Harrenhall are, after he steals her then what happens? What does he do with her? Littlefinger's teleport ability through Westros does not let him bring a person with him. Is Tywin not going to notice his cupbearer mysteriously disappeared? Word will reach him that LF took her from the guards that let LF through the gates and then Varys little birds will start to sign about how LF found Arya and then she's property of the Lannisters just like Sansa.LF doesn't see Arya as a political hostage he sees her as a way to try and get Catelyn.Think about where they are at, Harrenhall. Which is going to be owned by Littlefinger if he can broker the alliance so yes I do think that Littlefinger would let Arya sit there until he can back as Lord of Harrenhall and "owned" her. Now on the other hand if Sansa Stark was a cup bearer to Tywin then he definitely would've taken her when he left dang the risks. He sees Sansa as a daughter he could've had with Catelyn.
526	Justin Danford	2013-04-02	I don't know why they made it this way, but if I was a betting man I would say the writers intent is to imply that Littlefinger did recognize Arya at Harrenhal
527	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-02	Oh and since we know that everyone at Harrenhall was killed *except Qyburn and the word will reach KL that Robb Stark once again controls Harrenhall his plan to simply go back there and "grab her" is not going to work out to well.
528	StarkBlack21	2013-04-02	It makes sense why Littlefinger keeps his mouth shut. Him informing Tywin gains him nothing. Except an enemy in Cersei. If Littlefinger reveals that's Arya, then Tywin finds out Arya is missing. then Cersei finds out Littlefinger told her father, making him a major enemy in king's Landing. He was probably thinking I'll come back for her. Now this is a long shot, but what if and it's a major if. What if Littlefinger goes back to Harrenhal and makes the deal with Roose for Jamie's freedom? Gaining major points with Tywin? Maybe they will use Littlefinger as the go between with Roose and Tywin for the RW? probably not, but maybe they do.
529	insertname	2013-04-02	Exactly, he was waiting for his moment - couldn't know that Arya would escape.
530	nick31	2013-04-02	This has me confused too. I don't see the point in putting Arya and LF in the same room (plus double take) in season two, without LF recognizing her. It's not like there has to be a POV character in every scene (we have seen LF talking to Margaery alone). On the other hand, had LF recognized her, he would have found a way to get her away from Tywin.
LF arranged for Tywin+Tyrells to help at KL, so he knew that Tywin would leave Harrenhal (probably without his makeshift cupbearer). So my best guess is that he waited for Tywin to leave (which also serves as an indication whether Tywin knows who she is), after which it would be very easy for someone who "works" for LF to take Arya.
Obviously this is all speculation and I still don't think LF would risk waiting to claim such a powerful bargaining chip. He would have found a way to get her then and there without having to rely on other people and the outcome of a battle.
531	MoA«t	2013-04-02	First I have to say that I'm a little disappointed that we never got Tywin's reaction when we learns that Cersei doesn't have Arya, they even made it a topic of few conversations in season 2.But more to the topic, Littlefinger tells Sansa what could be understood as I saw your sister or your sister is eager to see you. Either way he is telling Arya is alive.So did he recognize Arya at Harrenhal or is he feeding Sansa with lies, maybe setting foundations for fake Arya plot?For now I think it's more likely that he is lying (fewer potholes), but I really hope they make it clear in next episodes. What do you think?I don't think Tywin knows she's missing - yet. I think the subject of Arya was one of the things Cersei was terrified of Tyrion telling him.Littlefinger never answers Sansa when she asks if Arya is alive. I'd like to think he didn't recognize her at Harrenhall, because what would it gain him in letting her go and not telling Tywin?Does Littlefinger know what the Mountain has done to everyone at Harrenhall? How would Arya's death benefit him, since he cannot imagine her escaping?No, I think he's just telling Sansa something she wants to hear, and has no idea who Tywin's cupbearer was, but I think we're going to find out soon.
532	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	It was really confusing though. They shouldn't have put him in a scene with incognito Arya if he was going to say later that he knew that she was alive and be lying. But if he did see her, why didn't he snuff her out and claim a reward. More halls, more money, more power for LF. It's a head-scratcher.
533	darrylzero	2013-04-02	It does make sense to not say anything because it's classic Littlefinger. He describes himself as thriving on chaos. I think in his eyes this gives him a hidden card to play. He's playing for himself, not for the Lannisters or the Starks. So revealing her to Tywin doesn't help him win over Cat. Nor does helping her at Harrenhall while the war was still in doubt. Things have changed now, the Lannister are on top and he's in a much better situation. So he'll help Sansa now.This does sound like Littlefinger to me, but he sure doesn't do much to use the new knowledge to his advantage, does he?  And that doesn't sound much like Littlefinger.  It's a head scratcher, as much as it ever was.  I agree he wouldn't out her to Tywin -- he'd try to find some other way to use her.  But I have trouble believing he wouldn't attempt to acquire her or find some way to track her or something.  What good is the knowledge if he lets himself completely lose track of her, putting him right back where everyone else is, knowledge-wise, vis-a-vis Arya?So, I think it opens up too many weird questions if he recognized her, and that it therefore makes more sense to believe he didn't and is lying to Sansa.  Of course, the showrunners never have to let us know one way or the other, or even to necessarily decide for sure themselves.  They could just embrace the ambiguity.
					
					
							Edited by darrylzero, 02 April 2013 - 09:21 AM.
534	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Who says LF didn't try to have Arya's actions monitored or have a plan to have her discreetly captured?  I'm sure he did but couldn't keep up with her.  She's a slippery little mofo.
535	darrylzero	2013-04-02	Who says LF didn't try to have Arya's actions monitored or have a plan to have her discreetly captured?  I'm sure he did but couldn't keep up with her.  She's a slippery little mofo.I guess, but it's totally on the viewer to guess what he might or might not have done in that regard.  That comes pretty close to a viewer-centric view of truth on the show, as opposed to writer-centric one.  How does that differ from us just writing our own version of the story as it goes along?Don't get me wrong, I see where you're coming from, but I think that line of thinking is tricky.
536	lunadangelo	2013-04-02	Can anybody remember when LF saw Arya or spoke to her in the previous 2 seasons?
537	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-02	On the show when LF was talking to Sansa about Arya, I had the feeling that he was fishing for information more than telling her something. I think he knew Arya was alive, and probably recognized her at Harrenhall. But asking Sansa about her was his way to see if he could get Sansa to open up and tell him something about it. For all he knows, Sansa may know exactly what happened to her sister. And her bewildered reaction told him what he needed to know; that Sansa wasn't in the loop on what did or did not happen to Arya.
538	jugdesh258	2013-04-02	I think that lying about it because they setting up fake arya is the best theoy posted thus far.   Did we not determine in last year's threads that Ros is the most likely canidate to replace the missing Jeyne Poole because she also has history with Theon to be recognized later one.  They are tied together in this scene.
I would not put much creedence in recognition of Arya as cup-bearer.  She does a fly by night past Littlefinger....he merely does a double take and seems immediately distracted.  I think it was just to add drama and anxiety for Ayra in possiblility of being discovered.  Same as Tywins suspicions that she is more then a peasant ....and he does nothing about it.
We are assuming that Tywin is already plotting with Bolton.  If littlefinger is telling tywin to use Ros in that scenario it would seem that setting up bolton in winterfell as air plan would do better with real Ayra.... so that would be a real Doh!!! moment between Littlefinger and Tywin.  The only thing is that both littlefinger and Sansa also have to blow town hatch this plan
From last season, I would have guessed that the spider would be the one to come up with the idea to use Ros as Aria because she is spying for him
539	jugdesh258	2013-04-02	Can anybody remember when LF saw Arya or spoke to her in the previous 2 seasons?Season 1 -  The Joust.  First day....arya cuts out of the 2nd day
540	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	I think that lying about it because they setting up fake arya is the best theoy posted thus far.   Did we not determine in last year's threads that Ros is the most likely canidate to replace the missing Jeyne Poole because she also has history with Theon to be recognized later one.  They are tied together in this scene.I would not put much creedence in recognition of Arya as cup-bearer.  She does a fly by night past Littlefinger....he merely does a double take and seems immediately distracted.  I think it was just to add drama and anxiety for Ayra in possiblility of being discovered.  Same as Tywins suspicions that she is more then a peasant ....and he does nothing about it.We are assuming that Tywin is already plotting with Bolton.  If littlefinger is telling tywin to use Ros in that scenario it would seem that setting up bolton in winterfell as air plan would do better with real Ayra.... so that would be a real Doh!!! moment between Littlefinger and Tywin.  The only thing is that both littlefinger and Sansa also have to blow town hatch this planFrom last season, I would have guessed that the spider would be the one to come up with the idea to use Ros as Aria because she is spying for himOh wow. Use Ros as a replacement fArya? That could be the only reason for her character that I would possible think about .... nope. Nevermind. I don't like it.
541	Ice Turtle	2013-04-02	Season 1 -  The Joust.  First day....arya cuts out of the 2nd dayWatching that scene I got the feeling that he considered Arya as something close to annoying insect that was disturbing his time with Sansa. He wasn't paying Arya much attention, he was too busy ogling her sister.
542	Masamune	2013-04-02	Nothing about LF makes sense in HBO's bizarro ASOIAF world.
543	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-02	I thought Littlefinger was lying AND maybe in the next few episodes we'll see Tywin yelling, well he doesn't really yell does he, but maybe he'll have a conversation with Cersei about her screw ups
544	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	Oh wow. Use Ros as a replacement fArya? That could be the only reason for her character that I would possible think about .... nope. Nevermind. I don't like it.The curly haired town whore from Winterfell with giant tits passed off as Arya?
545	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	Watching that scene I got the feeling that he considered Arya as something close to annoying insect that was disturbing his time with Sansa. He wasn't paying Arya much attention, he was too busy ogling her sister.Me too. Plus, he already lied about Arya to Cat in S2 as well
546	TigerKarl	2013-04-02	It's more likely than before, but i still don't think so.
547	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I guess, but it's totally on the viewer to guess what he might or might not have done in that regard.  That comes pretty close to a viewer-centric view of truth on the show, as opposed to writer-centric one.  How does that differ from us just writing our own version of the story as it goes along?Don't get me wrong, I see where you're coming from, but I think that line of thinking is tricky.Well, LF clearly looked dead st her in HH.
548	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Watching that scene I got the feeling that he considered Arya as something close to annoying insect that was disturbing his time with Sansa. He wasn't paying Arya much attention, he was too busy ogling her sister.Lf is not where he is today by overlooking such things.
549	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	What would be the point of him hardcore inspecting Tywin Lannister's cupbearer if he didn't think she was familiar. We're talking about a cupbearer. Of course he recognizes her, or at least suspects it's her. It just doesn't serve his purpose to go OMG TYWIN LOOK ITS ARYA LOL WE GOT HER. If he needs the real Arya for his own purposes he keeps it to himself.
550	Arya rules	2013-04-02	I posted this in another thread, but I asked George personally about this 2 weeks ago at the premier, and he said neither Tywin nor Littlefinger recognized Arya.  I am certain there is more to it but he was adamant that she wasn't recognized.
551	MoA«t	2013-04-02	I posted this in another thread, but I asked George personally about this 2 weeks ago at the premier, and he said neither Tywin nor Littlefinger recognized Arya.  I am certain there is more to it but he was adamant that she wasn't recognized.Yay. Thank you. It doesn't make much sense otherwise. If LF was going to use her, she's be in his possession. Period. LF isn't sloppy.If Tywin knew who she was, she'd be in KL right now, and all of KL would be in the black cells, including his family, for allowing her to escape, because "THEY HAVE [HIS] SON!"I don't think Tywin knows she's missing yet. THAT'S going to be a fun scene.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 02 April 2013 - 04:28 PM.
552	jugdesh258	2013-04-02	Lf is not where he is today by overlooking such things.There are few perfect characters in this world.  We already know that this guy is a pencil neck and caught a beating from Brandon Stark over a woman so he is not perfectly self controlled in all his actions.  It would appear that he is beginning to do the same thing oogleing Sansa and that perhaps somewhere in the mix his plotting will lead to his undoing at some point.   Like Carl Rove on Fox election night, the reality of the situation can take a backseat to his end game fantasies
553	polarbear	2013-04-02	we saw Littlefinger do a triple take at seeing Arya in Harrenhal. He even deliberately brought up Catelyn and her daughters in conversation with Tywin.
Now he tells Sansa that he saw Arya alive. How much more clarification do we need? If the writers want to suggest that LF is lying, they are doing a poor job of it. Why would they even send LF to Harrenhall in the first place if not for the sole purpose of recognizing Arya? There is no other reason for that scene to be there.
554	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	There are few perfect characters in this world.  We already know that this guy is a pencil neck and caught a beating from Brandon Stark over a woman so he is not perfectly self controlled in all his actions.  It would appear that he is beginning to do the same thing oogleing Sansa and that perhaps somewhere in the mix his plotting will lead to his undoing at some point.   Like Carl Rove on Fox election night, the reality of the situation can take a backseat to his end game fantasiesHe lost to Brandon so he's a pencil-neck?Really we already know he's one of the most cunning characters in GoT.  He doesnt forget the details and end up where he is.  Your post is a reach if anything's a reach.  He's on the small council while Brandon and Ned are dead.Fighting Brandon over Cat has zero to do with whether or not he would recognize Arya in this situation.
555	Arya rules	2013-04-02	we saw Littlefinger do a triple take at seeing Arya in Harrenhal. He even deliberately brought up Catelyn and her daughters in conversation with Tywin.Now he tells Sansa that he saw Arya alive. How much more clarification do we need? If the writers want to suggest that LF is lying, they are doing a poor job of it. Why would they even send LF to Harrenhall in the first place if not for the sole purpose of recognizing Arya? There is no other reason for that scene to be there.I agree completely, but talking to GRRM about this was like saying to God "Are you sure the whole flood thing was a good idea".
556	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	I agree that he may have recognized her, maybe even suspected. But knowledge is power, he wouldn't want Tywin to know.
And its not Arya he wants, its Sansa. Why would he risk everything to get the wrong sister? Weather he lied or told the truth, it was only to manipulate Sansa to his goals.
557	MoA«t	2013-04-03	I agree completely, but talking to GRRM about this was like saying to God "Are you sure the whole flood thing was a good idea".I think I may be the only person reading your posts.
558	idler	2013-04-03	- For some reason, nobody ever informed Tywin that Arya Stark is missing.Ep 6:LF: On your son Tyrion's directive I met with Catlyn StarkTL: Why?LF: He had an interesting proposal for her - concerning her daughters- Littlefinger knows Arya quite well. For example, on the first day of the Tourney of the Hand, she asked him why he was called "Littlefinger", and he told her. At a distance of half a yard! He also noticed her overhearing of his telling the story of The Hound to Sansa. He sat right next to Sansa and Arya the whole day.- Arya knows that he will identify her, hence the shocked look when Lord Petyr Baelish was announced.- Littlefinger was ordered to find Arya by Queen Cersei in a most impressive way. Remember the "power is power" - scene?, He makes damn sure she knows that she is identified by trying several times to look directly into her face. Tywin doesn't comment the strange behavior of his guest - he might know that Baelish likes little girls.- Yet Littlefinger outright lies to Tywin telling him Tyrion had an interesting proposal for Catlyn concerning her daughters. Tyrion's proposal couldn't have included Arya, cause when LF left the capital, it was already clear that Arya wasn't available at all.- I think LF is preparing his next change of sides - and running a high risk at that. What if somebody tells Tywin: "Oh, we lost that Stark girl, but LF was supposed to find her!" Tywin will remember Baelish's lie, even without figuring out who his cupbearer was.- Even after the battle of Blackwater, no one dares to inform Tywin of Arya's missing. Otherwise, Petyr Baelish wouldn't get the Lordship of Harrenhal, but a fast beheading. Littlefinger has a pressing need to leave the city, with or without Sansa Stark! /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />Edited for spelling
					
					
							Edited by idler, 03 April 2013 - 03:39 AM.
559	Maxthestig	2013-04-03	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qvlBijz1-MAHere is our views on this weeks episode.I loved when Littlefinger told us that he recognized Arya. That is why he is one of the best characters, he just fools you over and over telling us little bits of information.Eluding of his plans and plots.... Love itAlthough he could be telling a lie hahaha
560	boojam	2013-04-03	First I have to say that I'm a little disappointed that we never got Tywin's reaction when we learns that Cersei doesn't have Arya, they even made it a topic of few conversations in season 2.But more to the topic, Littlefinger tells Sansa what could be understood as I saw your sister or your sister is eager to see you. Either way he is telling Arya is alive.So did he recognize Arya at Harrenhal or is he feeding Sansa with lies, maybe setting foundations for fake Arya plot?For now I think it's more likely that he is lying (fewer potholes), but I really hope they make it clear in next episodes. What do you think?The better question is did Twyin deduce who she was?It could be he did. Since the scene is not in the book, and he knew that KL had Sansa and she was a good enough bargaining chip for Jamie he had other ideas.Could be he knew that Jamie was indeed on his way back to KL?I am very curious this season how Twyin reacts and what he has to say, if it is reveled.
561	jugdesh258	2013-04-03	He lost to Brandon so he's a pencil-neck?Really we already know he's one of the most cunning characters in GoT.  He doesnt forget the details and end up where he is.  Your post is a reach if anything's a reach.  He's on the small council while Brandon and Ned are dead.Fighting Brandon over Cat has zero to do with whether or not he would recognize Arya in this situation.Sorry if you think I am mocking your favorite character.  It is the recounting of the story in the book that suggests that Littlefinger was in fact foolish for taking on such a strapping young lad as Brandon Stark...not me.  Characters in the book mock him behind his back regardless of his accomplishments.  The scar is his reminderAll the characters in the book have flaws....  they either overcome them or are consumed by them.  I am just voting that Littlefinger is headed for a crash.  Hard to say with GRRM.  If Littlefinger had that attention to detail he might be able to avoid it
562	Elba the Intoner	2013-04-03	Of course Littlefinger was lying.  How can you tell?  Because his lips were moving and words were coming out of his mouth.  If he had recognized her he would have made use of that somehow.  And as for the arguments that if he didn't recognize Arya then that scene with him taking little looks at her would just be silly and have no purpose - Bingo!  That, as well as the chase by Amory Lorch later on in that same episode, was a poorly written scene that turned Arya's stay in Harenhall, which should have been dangerous, into a joke.  See Ran's analysis of that episode here.
563	Sun	2013-04-03	I remember seeing recognition on Aidan Gillen's face in his Harrenhal scene with Arya. I thought last year that he had recognized her but chose to not to inform Tywin for some reason. I suppose from the show writer's point of view, that scene could be read as the first inkling the viewers get of LittleFinger's true agenda, as a man ultimately working for himself not the Lannisters.
564	Lux Umbar	2013-04-03	Well, kind of too bad about the definitive answer from GRRM.  I was kind of enjoying the speculation.
But as I was speculating, it finally struck me that not recognizing Arya - or not being capable of doing anything immediately with that knowledge, whether Tywin also recognized her or not - was far more in keeping with the story arc of the books.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but in the books to this point, LF has not actually seen Arya anywhere after she's left KL.  So any motives he might have in the series for "filing away" that tidbit of info for later consumption don't strike me as going anywhere.
565	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-03	Can anybody remember when LF saw Arya or spoke to her in the previous 2 seasons?He saw her in Harrenhall in season 2 and spoke to her at the Hand's tourney when the Moutain kills the new knight from the Vale in season one. Also it appears that Arya "might" have listened to the Hound burned face story but who knows.- Yet Littlefinger outright lies to Tywin telling him Tyrion had an interesting proposal for Catlyn concerning her daughters. Tyrion's proposal couldn't have included Arya, cause when LF left the capital, it was already clear that Arya wasn't available at all.It didn't matter, they offered her both daughters even if they didn't have them both. They hope that she will turn up but as more time goes by more and more people conclude she must be dead.- I think LF is preparing his next change of sides - and running a high risk at that. What if somebody tells Tywin: "Oh, we lost that Stark girl, but LF was supposed to find her!" Tywin will remember Baelish's lie, even without figuring out who his cupbearer was.- Even after the battle of Blackwater, no one dares to inform Tywin of Arya's missing. Otherwise, Petyr Baelish wouldn't get the Lordship of Harrenhal, but a fast beheading. Littlefinger has a pressing need to leave the city, with or without Sansa Stark! /read.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':read:' />Edited for spellingI think you're taking it a little too far, LF knows Arya is missing but it doesn't change the fact that Tyrion offers Jaime Lannister for both the Stark girls.If Tywin brings it up LF just has to say that the deal was made for both girls even though they don't have both of them.The better question is did Twyin deduce who she was?It could be he did. Since the scene is not in the book, and he knew that KL had Sansa and she was a good enough bargaining chip for Jamie he had other ideas.Could be he knew that Jamie was indeed on his way back to KL?I am very curious this season how Twyin reacts and what he has to say, if it is reveled.There's no way Tywin deduced who she was. Tywin would've taken her with him to KL when he left Harrenhall. She's too valuable of a hostage to leave there.
566	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-14	I would like to think Littlefinger recognised Arya, because it would be stupid for someone as perceptive as he's presented to be, NOT to. But.... at the same time it could just as easily have been a red herring put in by the writers to jerk viewer around and create cheap suspense. That whole arc was used for that purpose it seemed, for the most part.I think he's probably lying, this is TV Littlefinger after all, who has no subtlety at all compared to book Littlefinger.I guess we'll have to wait and see. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
567	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	Agreed. Unless the shows adds in some new storyline, I'm sticking with Littlefinger bullshitting.yeah, what he said could easily have been misread, you could see it as his simply stating that Arya was also meantioned when talking to Cat, letting Sansa deduct what ever she wanted from that. when she says Aryas alive? he makes to attempt to asure her or correct her. i think that LF thinks he may have seen her but not sure.
568	aWildlingontheIronThrone	2013-05-08	Littlefinger TOTALLY recognized Arya. Lies just as easily sufficed for his purposes. Leaving her to whatever doom in the wilderness suits him fine. He has so little to gain by 'outing her' to Tywin & feeling like "I know something YOU don't know" might really float his boat??? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
569	High-born Plumber	2014-03-16	Season 1 -  The Joust.  First day....arya cuts out of the 2nd day
570	High-born Plumber	2014-03-16	Indeed.
That is when he told her the story of what happened to the Hound (from his brother).
571	WiDMNDBAMMD	2014-03-17	Indeed.
That is when he told her the story of what happened to the Hound (from his brother).


Â 
Littlefinger actually tells Sansa about it with Arya overhearing it.
Â 
a couple days ago Bryan Cogman tweeted this after he decided to rewatch season 1-3 before he started writing for season 5 just to "refresh" himself.
Â 
Currently Cogman is the only writter for the show besides D&D and GRRM ...
Â 
https://twitter.com/...047390764933120
Â 

Â 
We never specified in the script & I have no idea what Aidan thinks... but I think LF does recognize Arya. #Gotrewatch #TheOldGodsAndTheNew

Â 
and Cogman has also commented about how Littlefinger could've been lying to Sansa about seeing her sister in episode 3.1 so it's something that is still "up in the air" as far as the writers/scripts go.
Â 
I would think that Sansa might possibly ask LF if her sister is still alive or where he saw Arya or something this season(four) not after so Bryan is either really cleverly addressing something that gets resolved if the show does address it this year or it is not addressed this year.Â
572	The Black Prince	2013-04-02	When Danny is bargaining with the Unsullied seller, is the spoken tongue the real Valyrian? I watched the thronecast after the episode and it was confirmed it was Valyrian (High), but in the subtitles, it's mentioned that it's Dothraki. I'm more convinced it's Valyrian and I've forgotten how Dothraki actually sounds; I still know it's still that harsh, 'grumbling' sound.
So, let's say it is actually High Valyrian. How did you find it? I personally found it pleasant to hear and beautiful. It has that exotic sound. (I do say /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> )
					
					
							Edited by The Black Prince, 03 April 2013 - 11:32 AM.
573	Tommen	2013-04-03	It's supposedly the bastard Valyrian of Astapor, so not quite High Valyrian.  D.B. Weiss confirms this in:http://m.youtube.com...p&v=tR1QkW7aZzg from 3:04.
Oh, and I loved it.  I'm excited to hear it spoken from certain individuals.
					
					
							Edited by Tommen, 03 April 2013 - 07:49 AM.
574	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	It was really great. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
I also loved to hear that.
575	Loras	2013-04-03	I really loved hearing it as well.  I liked the guttural notes that were included in this dialect too - the ghiscari version of High Valyrian.
I hope that we do hear more refined versions, I expected it to be quite a "sing-songy" language like Itlaian.  Though it sounded more Portugese to my ears.
576	int11	2013-04-03	Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to start profiling David J. Petersonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s new constructed language, Valyrian. From a little less than four minutes of dialogue, we can start to piece together some word meanings and get a loose grasp on the syntactic structure of the language.http://hurlingfrootm...alyrianprofile/
577	Loras	2013-04-03	http://hurlingfrootm...alyrianprofile/What an excellent read that was.  It is so interesting seeing linguists breaking the language down!I officially learnt a wee bit of Valyrian today - everydays a school day /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
578	Warrior Queen	2013-04-03	I liked the fact that they developed the Valyrian language but I imagined it to sound different.More graceful, liquid, fluent. I did not expect the hard G's. I reminded me a bit of Arabic.The second time I heard it, it did sound better but at first I was shocked at how harsh the language sounded. But this also be me because this was Astapor Valyrian and not High Valyrian. 
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 03 April 2013 - 05:13 PM.
579	Eogh	2013-04-03	I liked the fact that they developed the Valyrian language but I imagined it to sound different.More graceful, liquid, fluent. I did not expect the hard G's. I reminded me a bit of Arabic.The second time I heard it, it did sound better but at first I was shocked at how harsh the language sounded. But this also be me because this was Astapor Valyrian and not High Valyrian. yeah I expect that was due to it being a Ghiscari dialect, which is frequently referred to as less pleasant sounding than the pure High Valyrian spoken by some.
580	Lion of Judah	2013-04-03	I love how she never hints that she understands what he says or his insults.
581	boojam	2013-04-03	I love how she never hints that she understands what he says or his insults.Sadly they left that out. GRRM used that as a strategic ploy in the book, I don't know why they didn't identify the language.Dany speaks both High and Low Valyrian , but I think in the show they are only going to identify High and Low Valyrian.We will hear Dany speaking , probably High Valyrian, so wait for it.
582	Septon Meribald	2013-04-04	Sadly they left that out. GRRM used that as a strategic ploy in the book, I don't know why they didn't identify the language.Dany speaks both High and Low Valyrian , but I think in the show they are only going to identify High and Low Valyrian.We will hear Dany speaking , probably High Valyrian, so wait for it.I don't know that it's been left out. There's no reason she can't snap back at Kraznys after one more Westerosi whore comment next episode and see the startled look on his face.
583	boojam	2013-04-04	I don't know that it's been left out. There's no reason she can't snap back at Kraznys after one more Westerosi whore comment next episode and see the startled look on his face.
	Spoiler Not exactly that way , but something similar and even more is coming up, I don't know what episode.I just wish they had of kept that little plot for the non readers in the show, it was amusing for the book readers
584	valerio	2013-04-04	http://hurlingfrootm...alyrianprofile/Fantastic article ! Linguistics is such a fascinating matter; i particularly agree with the author when he ( or she) says that Kraznys' accent is rougher than Missandei's , not only it sounds like it but it makes perfcetly sense.(By the way, the actor playing Kraznys is almost perfect, great casting)
585	Sour Alyn	2013-04-04	I agree with valerio, Dan Hildebrand is doing a terrific job as Kraznys.  The Missandei actress was also good.  All in all, that was a fun scene to watch.  The amount of trouble that the show went through, to create a believable language, should be given recognition.
586	boojam	2013-04-05	I agree with valerio, Dan Hildebrand is doing a terrific job as Kraznys.  The Missandei actress was also good.  All in all, that was a fun scene to watch.  The amount of trouble that the show went through, to create a believable language, should be given recognition.I will second that Ramin Djawadi and David J. Peterson get respect around here , but they both deserve a prize!!
587	Shaula Black	2013-04-05	http://hurlingfrootm...alyrianprofile/I totally love that they made Valyrian, and even more that they made Kraznys speak a bastard version of it. This analysis in the link is fantastic, specially to a language lover like me!In my head High Valyrian sounds like a language with soft sounds, unlike the Ghiscari dialect, but not so singy like Italian.
588	Xtopher	2013-04-06	I love how she never hints that she understands what he says or his insults.what do you mean as "she never hints she understands"? She clearly reacts, although in a very subtle way just to let know the viewers that she actually understands, when Kraznys calls her Whore for the first time. She makes a face like "mofooo" hahaha
589	Holdfast	2013-04-06	I don't know why, but each time I heard the Unsullied seller speak, I just heard Jaba the Hutt.  All that was missing was the terrible laugh.  It could have just been the actor's tone and delivery, but that was my lasting impression of that first meeting with Dany.
590	Aedan Stormrage	2014-01-24	As our understanding of Astapori Valyrian grows we'll be able to find more differences between the sounds of both languages.
Â 
The level of divergence is comparable to that of Latin vs. Old French ca. 800 AD.
591	KingAlanI	2014-01-21	The pre-credits scene was great, picking up where the last shot of Season 2 left off. I could tell how nervous Sam was, especially since it turns out he screwed up.
The main episode was full of great tense conversations between two people or amongst small groups. While Daenerys was always with other people, she was the only character to dominate their scenes. It felt epic to see her and the dragons again, and I cheered when the fuzzy scene was exposed as a dragon flying back to her ship.
Jon had a Free Folk culture shock, but managed to talk smoothly enough to Tormund and Mance nevertheless, well-played.
Tyrion and friends didn't seem to start off as awesome as usual. The scene of Tywin belittling him was one of the best bad-things-happen scenes in the episode.
Talisa showed her true spirit rushing to the wounded man in Harrenhal.
The dose of Margaery attending to the war orphans was an interesting counterpoint to the rest of the episode. I knew Margaery had been involved in charitable work in King's Landing, but the detail on that seemed new, helping make the scene one of my favorite parts of the episode. Likewise, the Davos-Salladhar scene seemed new, and Salladhor was not so over the top. Shae had great moments with Sansa, Ros and Petyr.
Â
592	Pod The Impaler	2013-04-07	Saw this getting kicked around on the internet, so in case nobody else shared, here:"If S3 Episode 1 was on Facebook"http://www.happyplac...tion_ref_map=[](CAUTION: Spoilers for Episode 1 and maybe some book ones too.)Apologies if it was already posted earlier in the week.
593	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-16	This was hilarious. Thanks for sharing.
594	KingAlanI	2014-01-21	Facebook format is always fun, thanks for sharing
595	Ser Sourleaf	2013-04-07	I've been re-reading book 3 since the season started and I just can't get over the performance of Charles Dance.  His portrayal of Tywin has eclipsed the character as I had pictured him from reading the books.  His scene with Tyrion in episode 1 was more powerful than reading it.  Of course it helps that his monologue was taken almost word for word from the book.  I know it's early, but I would be disappointed if Dance does not at least get nominated for a few awards this season.
596	Khal Pono	2013-04-07	Dance is remarkable and embodies Tywin perfectly.
597	victim	2013-04-08	I never thought anyone would out-act Dinklage in a scene. How wrong I was.
598	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	He does.
599	Hear me Meow	2013-04-08	That scene in ep .1 of this series is one of the best the series has done imo.
Dance had bad material last season though, with the Arya story in HH.
600	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-08	Bad material or not, he still made it awesome.
Charles Dance is out of league with the others imo, he truly is a legend. The only actor I can think of who has a similar commanding presence is Christopher Lee, and he's not on the show. 
"This one's a girl... you idiot."
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 08 April 2013 - 07:28 AM.
601	Warrior Queen	2013-04-08	He is a phenomenal actor! And yes he deserves awards for his portrayal of Tywin. The scene with him and Dinklage, wow.
602	Capt Banjo	2013-04-08	Dance is such an epic actor. Its fun to watch him be silly. Check out the talk show clip with Dance, Rose Leslie and Kit Harrington belowhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=ql6y3RC-Ni4
					
					
							Edited by Capt Banjo, 08 April 2013 - 04:29 PM.
603	boojam	2013-04-08	I've been re-reading book 3 since the season started and I just can't get over the performance of Charles Dance.  His portrayal of Tywin has eclipsed the character as I had pictured him from reading the books.  His scene with Tyrion in episode 1 was more powerful than reading it.  Of course it helps that his monologue was taken almost word for word from the book.  I know it's early, but I would be disappointed if Dance does not at least get nominated for a few awards this season.He's been at work since the early 70's.Amazingly no Emmy nominations, not that many films, so no Oscar nominations.He has a ton of those lessor awards on IMDB some winners.But he's been good for so long it is amazing he is not better known.(O yes he is a very well known stage actor.)Which brings me to something I have meant to note.Some people have had qualms about the characters in GRRMs books and those on the screen.Peter and Charles are great examples. Fine actors always bring another dimension no matter how well written on the page.I see fine actors shaping characters because they can't help their remarkable talents.We will have to live with it.
604	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-09	He was awesome in Alien 3, too. He singlehandedly made that movie better... and then it all fell to pieces because they killed off his character too soon.
605	valerio	2013-04-10	Loved him in "Michael Collins" too; moreover, i remember distinctly that when first i saw " The Golden Child" as a kid, i got scared SICK of his character /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
606	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	YES. This scene was absolutely bloody wonderful! The perfect Tywin, just marvellous.
607	Batman	2013-04-14	I actually ended up sympathizing with Tywin. TV Tyrion acts much more foolishly. That scene with Tyrion in the Northern brothel gave credibility to Tywins fear of Tyrion turning Casterly Rock into a whorehouse. It was pathetic, shameful and stupid to flaunt his drunkeness and whoring. In the books he was far more subdued and bookish. Tywins fears had less grounds.
608	BreastplateWithNipples	2013-04-17	Book Tywin was not actually a real character. He was just a walking cardboard cliche with no personality, always gruff and stern and hard on Tyrion. Charles Dance (and the story writers) only made Tywin come alive for me in those scenes in the army camp in Season 2.
609	Solanna	2013-04-19	I completely agree. I think Charles Dance is fantastic as Tywin Lannister. In the books this character is just like a piece of iron, but through Charles Dance he becomes interesting and even likable. Scenes with him and Tyrion together are just great.
610	First of My Name	2013-04-25	Dance is such an epic actor. Its fun to watch him be silly. Check out the talk show clip with Dance, Rose Leslie and Kit Harrington belowhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=ql6y3RC-Ni4 Lol... "It was always doggy style!"
611	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-25	Charles Dance should do the audiobooks from now on.
612	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-06-06	absolutely one of my favourite actors in the tv-show; the throne scene with joff... awesome!
613	Pink Viper	2013-06-07	Dance is such an epic actor. Its fun to watch him be silly. Check out the talk show clip with Dance, Rose Leslie and Kit Harrington belowhttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=ql6y3RC-Ni4LOL!  I love his adorable embarrassed blush and quick, witty recovery when the host asks him about any upcoming nude scenes for Tywin. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
614	a shadow	2013-04-05	I was reading up on stories about what people, who had not read the books, thought about the episode. One thing said repeatedly was that many of them do not have much interest in TV Robb, least of all an emotional involvment with the character. Do you think it is getting to a point where it might affect how the RW scenes will be seen by general viewers? Do you think it has real potential to hurt their experience?
615	Aerys Blackfyre	2013-05-22	absolutely
the king in the north scene in season one was epic, and so was in the books: the difference is that book-KITN never stopped being cool and amazing, while tv-KITN has been turned into something boring and not very interesting, just a silly boy taking silly decisions
616	Teardrops	2013-05-24	I was reading up on stories about what people, who had not read the books, thought about the episode. One thing said repeatedly was that many of them do not have much interest in TV Robb, least of all an emotional involvment with the character.Do you think it is getting to a point where it might affect how the RW scenes will be seen by general viewers? Do you think it has real potential to hurt their experience?No. I don't think so. There were book-readers that were annoyed/bored/uninterested and didn't care much about book!Robb too and still the RW affected them so it will be the same with viewers.Out of 8 friends who watch the show with me:  2 absolutely love Robb, he's their favorite character even after all his mistakes, 1 never liked him and still not like him and the rest care about him enough to be devastated by his death just like they were for Ned's. They followed him for 3 season, they are interested in different degree in his journey and the RW will completely crush them. And I'm sure that there are lot of people like them.absolutelythe king in the north scene in season one was epic, and so was in the books: the difference is that book-KITN never stopped being cool and amazing, while tv-KITN has been turned into something boring and not very interesting, just a silly boy taking silly decisionsI disagree, at this point in the books Robb was 'just a silly boy taking silly decisions' too.
					
					
							Edited by Teardrops, 24 May 2013 - 10:54 AM.
617	Dacnomaniac	2013-05-12	So, I finished ASOS: Part 1 yesterday, and have Season 3 recorded. I want to read the book before I watch the TV Season. Now, my question is, I remember reading somewhere that Season 3 is only based on the first half of the book, so can I watch the TV Season without revealing any book spoilers from ASOS: Part 2?
618	MockingbirdSpider	2013-05-15	Now I've only read the first and second book, but from what I've been told I can say that Game of Thrones season 3 even features some storylines from the fifth book (A Dance With Dragons), and I can't imagine that the producers strictly stick to only the first half of ASOS in season 3... I'm sure some storylines will go further into the second part of ASOS. So it's not safe to say that you can avoid all sorts of spoilers. To be on the safe side, I'd read the 2nd part of ASOS as well before watching season 3!
619	TomBadgerlock	2013-05-16	So, I finished ASOS: Part 1 yesterday, and have Season 3 recorded. I want to read the book before I watch the TV Season. Now, my question is, I remember reading somewhere that Season 3 is only based on the first half of the book, so can I watch the TV Season without revealing any book spoilers from ASOS: Part 2?No. If you want to avoid any and all spoilers for the books then I recommend that you read part two of Storm of Swords as well as A Feast for Crows and A Dance with Dragons, just for good measure. There are a few plot points that borrow from the final two books in season three, so best to get reading!
620	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	Was anyone as excited to see Qyburn as I was, even though he only appeared briefly? Gotta love the evil doctor. If they play their cards right, they could really make him creep up on the audience as a seemingly good, innocent soul and slowly drop hints something's off about this guy, until he starts helping Cersei and doing the awful things he did in the book (if they keep them) until people go 'ooh Robb you should've just killed him!'
I wonder how they'll explain his origins now that he's not with the mercs though. He's certainly not a Northman.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 April 2013 - 07:22 PM.
621	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	I love how Robb looks over him and says "your lucky to be alive" . The mountain isn't going to be so lucky when Qyburn looks over him.
622	juanml82	2013-04-01	Was anyone as excited to see Qyburn as I was, even though he only appeared briefly? Gotta love the evil doctor. If they play their cards right, they could really make him creep up on the audience as a seemingly good, innocent soul and slowly drop hints something's off about this guy, until he starts helping Cersei and doing the awful things he did in the book (if they keep them) 'ooh Robb you should've just killed him!'I wonder how they'll explain his origins now that he's not with the mercs though. He's certainly not a Northman.Maybe show Qyburn is a Northman and he, along with Ramsay, can give some sort of foreshadowing of the future Northern cruelty: cannibalism, human sacrifice and the like. Sort of "The North can breed this"
623	cybobbie	2013-04-01	Well my guess is that since they put him there as a survivor and introduced him, there's a chance that they will follow his story as in the books,but again we never know. We maybe have a better clue if we see more of him in the next episodes.
624	TheHedgeWizard	2013-04-01	i completely forgot that we were going to see Qyburn in season 3, so i was really excited about that brief introduction. What i assume is going to happen is Robb will leave Roose Bolton at Harrenhall and Robb will head to Riverrun and the characters will be back on track with the books.
625	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-01	YES!!! I burst with excitement when he introduced himself. I was not expecting him so soon, what a great surprise.
626	Kasrith	2013-04-01	I love how Robb looks over him and says "your lucky to be alive" . The mountain isn't going to be so lucky when Qyburn looks over him.Lol neither will Oberyn
627	North man	2013-04-01	Opps! Wrong thread
					
					
							Edited by North man, 01 April 2013 - 07:50 PM.
628	Ser Luke.	2013-04-01	Yeah, I'm definitely interested to see how much they're going to build up Qyburn's character in the show opposed to a relatively small part in the third book.
629	Bride of Winter	2013-04-01	this was one of the few surprises in the show i've actually enjoyed. i'm really looking forward to see where they're going with this.
630	King of Winters	2013-04-02	I nearly jumped out my seat when he said Qyburn. It was so unexpected but I enjoyed the little surprise.
631	TheEvilKing	2013-04-02	I knew Qyburn was cast but didn't expect him to appear so soon, but it makes sense with the Brave Companions cut. He can easily be introduced as the maester of Harrenhal.
632	Loras	2013-04-02	I think that he might get built up as the new Luwin - until the layers start getting peeled back.
On a meta-level, I think that we have seen him this early so that Roose Bolton has somebody to talk to.
633	Lord Varys	2013-04-02	I doubt that we are going to see much of Qyburn in season 3. He will treat Jaime's stump, of course, and there might be time for some conversation when he accompanies Jaime and Brienne to KL, but that's it.
But it's good to introduce him this early, so they can slowly build him towards his role as Varys' successor on the council, and creepy monster-maker in the dungeons. 
Considering that they seem to highlight the Cersei-Margaery rivalry in the coming seasons, they might give the bitch fight much more space when it comes of AFfC, but they also have to give us some of Cersei's yes-men. Introducing Qyburn is a good first step in that direction.
634	SerMixalot	2013-04-02	or maybe he will be another Ser Dontos, you never know.
635	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-02	Was anyone as excited to see Qyburn as I wasYes! He is exactly as I pictured him somehow. I wasn't expecting to be surprised at all in this episode, bot I was!
636	Hotpie4theironthrone	2013-04-02	i completely forgot that we were going to see Qyburn in season 3, so i was really excited about that brief introduction. What i assume is going to happen is Robb will leave Roose Bolton at Harrenhall and Robb will head to Riverrun and the characters will be back on track with the books.Think you may have hit the nail on the head there, hopefully Robb leaves him there at the end of the next episode so he can get on with betraying himAs for Qyburn, i liked his intro, was a nice surprise as i had completely forgotten about how they would introduce him!
637	DrRobotnik	2013-04-02	There's some theories that Bolton's presence at Harrenhal has implications for the storyline regarding dark magic, the curse, etc.  I guess we'll find out in the coming episodes.
638	One of Three	2013-04-02	I knew Qyburn was cast but didn't expect him to appear so soon, but it makes sense with the Brave Companions cut. He can easily be introduced as the maester of Harrenhal.I'm sure I read somewhere Vargo Hoat was going to be in Season 3. I don't know, 
	Spoiler Jamie still has to get there and get his hand cut off
639	Frumpus	2013-04-02	or maybe he will be another Ser Dontos, you never know.That's very true. It all depends on whether Qyburn ends up accompanying Jaime & co. back to King's Landing or not.I'm sure I read somewhere Vargo Hoat was going to be in Season 3. I don't know,Vargo Hoat is gone. They've replaced the brave companions with a Roose Bolton hunter named Locke who no doubt has a bunch of extras following him instead of the weirdoes of the brave companions. Unfortunately this means that Rorge and Biter aren't likely to be among them. But I like that they might show up later.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 02 April 2013 - 10:59 AM.
640	freetickles	2013-04-02	I'm sure I read somewhere Vargo Hoat was going to be in Season 3. I don't know, 
	Spoiler Jamie still has to get there and get his hand cut off
There's a character called "Locke" instead of Hoat, and he'll have a crew of sellswords but I think they are Westerosi instead of being the Brave Companions.
641	One of Three	2013-04-02	Fair enough, I suppose because the BC aren't around for very long in the books compared to the BWB.
642	jonny__bravo	2013-04-02	The inlcusion of Qyburn at this stage is rather interesting, given that he is appartently the only survivor of the butchery at Harrenhall. If the Brave Compansions are out, then Qyburn was either the resident maester at Harrenhall when Twyin seized it, or was captured as part of Northern/Riverlands forces. Either way it seems curious that the Mountain left him alive, considering the information he might have as to where the Lannister forces withdrew to etc. It's almost certain judging by the trailers Jamie is going to shed some weight very soon and Qyburn will play a role there, but the I also get the feeling he will have a role in correspondence between Roose and Twyin over certain wedding arrangements.
643	Bittersteel_914	2013-04-02	Wouldn't it be interesting if Qyburn is an allied maester of the Lannisters, specifically loyal to Tywin?  I was giving some thought to the idea of Qyburn being an informant for Tywin who will help facilitate future events involving Roose and another Riverland's Lord.  Since maester's traditionally handle Raven correspondence, I wonder if Qyburn was intentionally bloodied and beaten and left as a ruse (hehe) at Harrenhall to begin eventual talks with a Northern Lord.  What if the letter Tywin is writing is meant for Qyburn at Harrenhal so he can report on the movements of Robb Stark and Lord Bolton, and then the rest of the story picks up naturally from there with the arrival of Jamie, Brienne, & Locke (Vargo and Co.)?  What do y'all think?  I realize this is a divergence from the books but do you think it serves as a possible explanation for Qyburn being the lone survivor of a Lannister fueled massacre in ep. 1?
644	dubq	2013-04-02	I wonder how they'll explain his origins now that he's not with the mercs though. He's certainly not a Northman.Bolton says that his best hunter (I'm assuming the new Locke character) is after Jaime Lannister. Jaime will lose his hand to Locke before he's brought to Bolton. I'm guessing that Qyburn will be situated with Bolton as he takes up residence in Harrenhal. Bolton will probably then have Qyburn see to Jaime's wounds and then send him as part of the group that heads back to King's Landing. Just my guess, though.
645	Simski	2013-04-02	How will Jaime's mutilation be justified? In the books, Hoat is fond of chopping off limbs and apparently does this to sour relations between Tywin and Roose. If one of Roose's men cuts off Jaime's hand, does this not rule out any alliance between Bolton and Tywin?
646	Clariana	2013-04-02	The inlcusion of Qyburn at this stage is rather interesting, given that he is appartently the only survivor of the butchery at Harrenhall. If the Brave Compansions are out, then Qyburn was either the resident maester at Harrenhall when Twyin seized it, or was captured as part of Northern/Riverlands forces. Either way it seems curious that the Mountain left him alive, considering the information he might have as to where the Lannister forces withdrew to etc. It's almost certain judging by the trailers Jamie is going to shed some weight very soon and Qyburn will play a role there, but the I also get the feeling he will have a role in correspondence between Roose and Twyin over certain wedding arrangements.I am suspicious... Who says he is a survivor? Perhaps he was doing, you know, what Qyburn does, harvesting organs when news arrived of Robb's army coming or he heard them... Jumps on top of a pile of corpses, smears himself with blood... "Oh, arrgh..."Oldest trick in the book.
647	Soiled Septa	2013-04-02	How will Jaime's mutilation be justified? In the books, Hoat is fond of chopping off limbs and apparently does this to sour relations between Tywin and Roose. If one of Roose's men cuts off Jaime's hand, does this not rule out any alliance between Bolton and Tywin?Locke could easily take on the creepy characteristics of Vargo. He could lop the hand off for a number of reasons, regardless of what Roose wants.
648	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-02	Wouldn't it be interesting if Qyburn is an allied maester of the Lannisters, specifically loyal to Tywin?  I was giving some thought to the idea of Qyburn being an informant for Tywin who will help facilitate future events involving Roose and another Riverland's Lord.  Since maester's traditionally handle Raven correspondence, I wonder if Qyburn was intentionally bloodied and beaten and left as a ruse (hehe) at Harrenhall to begin eventual talks with a Northern Lord.  What if the letter Tywin is writing is meant for Qyburn at Harrenhal so he can report on the movements of Robb Stark and Lord Bolton, and then the rest of the story picks up naturally from there with the arrival of Jamie, Brienne, & Locke (Vargo and Co.)?  What do y'all think?I agree! When I saw that he was the only survivor in a heap of corpses, I immediately thought "Infiltrator!" even before he revealed his identity. And it does give the opportunity of a smooth transition into his book storyline.
649	Abaddon	2013-04-02	I was giving some thought to the idea of Qyburn being an informant for Tywin who will help facilitate future events involving Roose and another Riverland's Lord.I was thinking this as well.  It would make sense, and provide a nice plausible link to how Roose and Tywin establish their first contact.  I'd be fine with this, although they will have to keep it very subtle so as not to blow the surprise....
650	Bittersteel_914	2013-04-03	I was thinking this as well.  It would make sense, and provide a nice plausible link to how Roose and Tywin establish their first contact.  I'd be fine with this, although they will have to keep it very subtle so as not to blow the surprise....I am also okay with this idea...so long as its kept subtle...At this point in the story, us book readers know Qyburn as Josef Mengele with less carte blanche...In the show, Tywin has already shown a proclivity to hire unsavory characters to do his bidding, so it would not be unreasonable for him to implant this disgraced Maester at Harrenhal to serve as both his envoy and spy all while under the guise of a "lucky" survivor.  Qyburn can still attend to Jamie, can still head to King's Landing with Steelshanks Walton, and will still be in the good graces of the Lannisters once he arrives.Whether or not Twyin's letter is intended for Qyburn is yet to be determined...but i would not be surprised in the least to find he is just another one of Tywin's pets!
651	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	I almost lost my composure did a fangirl squeal... Almost. I'm lying, I did squeal.
652	Tadco26	2013-04-03	I am suspicious... Who says he is a survivor? Perhaps he was doing, you know, what Qyburn does, harvesting organs when news arrived of Robb's army coming or he heard them... Jumps on top of a pile of corpses, smears himself with blood... "Oh, arrgh..."Oldest trick in the book.In a different show I might agree, but the writers have pretty much removed any plotlines that might cause the viewer to have to think deeper than what is actually told to them.See removing the Dontos plotline, Selmy revealing his true identity right away, the fate of Craster's sons, Loras and Renly's relationship, Littlefinger in general, Tyrion not bothering to arrange secret meetings with Shae and even having her visit him thru the front door at his sick bed.I am also okay with this idea...so long as its kept subtle...At this point in the story, us book readers know Qyburn as Josef Mengele with less carte blanche...In the show, Tywin has already shown a proclivity to hire unsavory characters to do his bidding, so it would not be unreasonable for him to implant this disgraced Maester at Harrenhal to serve as both his envoy and spy all while under the guise of a "lucky" survivor.  Qyburn can still attend to Jamie, can still head to King's Landing with Steelshanks Walton, and will still be in the good graces of the Lannisters once he arrives.It would explain how he some how survived.  It's pretty unbelievable that a defenseless prisoner would survive an execution attempt.  But then again it's pretty unbelieveable that Sam would be surrounded by white walkers and live.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 10:35 AM.
653	Clariana	2013-04-03	In a different show I might agree, but the writers have pretty much removed any plotlines that might cause the viewer to have to think deeper than what is actually told to them.See removing the Dontos plotline, Selmy revealing his true identity right away, the fate of Craster's sons, Loras and Renly's relationship, Littlefinger in general, Tyrion not bothering to arrange secret meetings with Shae and even having her visit him thru the front door at his sick bed.You may well be right, but there are sometimes details there to be picked up... See the Talisa is a spy theory, Roose's reactions to Talisa and Robb, the meta joke about Tyrion's nose... So we're introduced to Qyburn at the scene of a massacre... When he is seen later on doing his "thang", you never know, some viewers might actually recall when and in what circumstances he was first found.
654	Bittersteel_914	2013-04-03	It would explain how he some how survived.  It's pretty unbelievable that a defenseless prisoner would survive an execution attempt.  But then again it's pretty unbelieveable that Sam would be surrounded by white walkers and live.Yes sir...and how convenient the only survivor not only knows his letters...but probably his ravens as well...and unless there is another maester traveling in Robb's Army, no one would have an inkling this man is disgraced and demented.
655	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	I was wondering, does anyone thing that The Mountain left Qyburn there, as a plant?  Granted, either way works.  It just seemed to me that the cut on his throat was obviously not bad.  Or, I suppose, he could be a plant by anyone, I was just suspicious of how Qyburn really came to be there anyway.
656	Clariana	2013-04-03	Yes sir...and how convenient the only survivor not only knows his letters...but probably his ravens as well...and unless there is another maester traveling in Robb's Army, no one would have an inkling this man is disgraced and demented.He's not demented (he has a sense of reality) he's an out and out sadist.
657	mankytoes	2013-04-03	How will Jaime's mutilation be justified? In the books, Hoat is fond of chopping off limbs and apparently does this to sour relations between Tywin and Roose. If one of Roose's men cuts off Jaime's hand, does this not rule out any alliance between Bolton and Tywin?Don't tell Locke what he cannot do! I think maybe Jaime will taunt him, and he'll do it in response. I think Qyburn is a plant from the Lannisters.
658	Soiled Septa	2013-04-03	Don't tell Locke what he cannot do!I see what you did there /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
659	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	I see what you did there /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />   I can't read the name Locke without thinking Lost.
660	Clariana	2013-04-03	/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />   I can't read the name Locke without thinking Lost.I know, he was my favourite character...
661	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	I know, he was my favourite character...Well, maybe this new Locke character will have a strange attachment to the Shadow/Smoke Monsters that Mel gives birth to, ya never know.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
662	Clariana	2013-04-03	Eh, indeed.
663	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-03	He's not demented (he has a sense of reality) he's an out and out sadist.While I'm not defending him, I don't know if I'd call him a sadist, since he doesn't seem to take pleasure in what he's doing like a sadist (Ramsay for instance) would, he seems to be simply completely apathetic to his victims and sees them as nothing but tools to further his research which is what makes him much more creepy imo.That he could have been put there as a spy or had arrived later to harvest from the corpses are both interesting thoughts. Despite his early appearance, it seems to me like he could still simply follow his original storyline though.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 03 April 2013 - 07:24 PM.
664	Francisco R. Fonseca	2013-04-03	This jumped out to me as being not in line w/ASOS, but I was fine w/it. It'll be interesting to see how they write it though. Since he was w/the Bloody Mummers, you know he was a bad seed, now it'll have to be drawn out.
665	GameofThronesFanatic#42	2013-04-03	Can't remember if Qyburn was described in the books.  I guess I had pictured him as being older.  Kind of hunched over.  Sunken in face.  Dark eyes.  etc.., etc...
666	mankytoes	2013-04-03	Can't remember if Qyburn was described in the books.  I guess I had pictured him as being older.  Kind of hunched over.  Sunken in face.  Dark eyes.  etc.., etc...I'm sure I remember him being described as looking like a kindly old grandfather. Which I think is kind of cool, like I imagine him looking very normal and unthreatening, then just calmly starting things like "she can no longer feed herself".
667	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	Lol neither will OberynQyburn never looks Oberyn over.
668	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	Can't remember if Qyburn was described in the books.  I guess I had pictured him as being older.  Kind of hunched over.  Sunken in face.  Dark eyes.  etc.., etc...e is tall, slightly stooped with crinkles around his blue eyes[(or warm, brown eyes ). He has grey hair, a lean frame, and looks fatherly.According to Cersei Lannister he looks like some little girl's favorite grandfather.
669	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-03	Such an understated entry for the guy. No doubt his first significant act will be to save Jaime's arm / life, which will garner mixed reactions, no doubt, from people who only know the TV show. 
Also as a fallen Maester it will be interesting to see if they set up some sort of tension with Talissa. Sure, the whole Talissa thing leaves a bad taste in the mouth for many, but as she's there in a quasi-maester capacity they might as well make use of the fact that Queen Talissa and Qyburn have a common interest, but somewhat divergent philosophies.
670	Head of The Ned	2013-04-03	I was so excited was not expecting him to be there, which is one of the reasons why I like the TV show so much. I think later on he will be revealed for what he is.... but toward seasons end. For now he is an innocent survivor of a slaughter. And I like the idea of creating some tension with him and Talissa.
671	tito5601	2013-04-04	yea i like the idea of non book readers thinking hes a good man like maester luwin or maester aemon and then by the end of the season they will find out hes a complete sicko
672	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	Qyburn was awesome and I really liked the way they presented him so far.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Mark Selmy, 05 April 2013 - 04:19 AM.
673	Abaddon	2013-04-05	Wouldn't it be interesting if Qyburn is an allied maester of the Lannisters, specifically loyal to Tywin?  I was giving some thought to the idea of Qyburn being an informant for Tywin who will help facilitate future events involving Roose and another Riverland's Lord.  Since maester's traditionally handle Raven correspondence, I wonder if Qyburn was intentionally bloodied and beaten and left as a ruse (hehe) at Harrenhall to begin eventual talks with a Northern Lord.  What if the letter Tywin is writing is meant for Qyburn at Harrenhal so he can report on the movements of Robb Stark and Lord Bolton, and then the rest of the story picks up naturally from there with the arrival of Jamie, Brienne, & Locke (Vargo and Co.)?  What do y'all think?  I realize this is a divergence from the books but do you think it serves as a possible explanation for Qyburn being the lone survivor of a Lannister fueled massacre in ep. 1?This is exactly what I am thinking, and if this is where they go with it, I'm in favor of it.
674	Abaddon	2013-04-05	While I'm not defending him, I don't know if I'd call him a sadist, since he doesn't seem to take pleasure in what he's doing like a sadist (Ramsay for instance) would, he seems to be simply completely apathetic to his victims and sees them as nothing but tools to further his research which is what makes him much more creepy imo."Psychopath" or "Sociopath" probably better describe Qyburn.  Amoral, not immoral.
675	Shaula Black	2013-04-05	That was a nice way to introduce Qyburn. Maybe they want more oportunities to show him, to prevent people from forgetting him, since he'll have a more importante role in the future.
676	Zman1863	2013-04-05	Meh... It was a bit too sympathetic an introduction for my taste.
677	tito5601	2013-04-06	Can't remember if Qyburn was described in the books.  I guess I had pictured him as being older.  Kind of hunched over.  Sunken in face.  Dark eyes.  etc.., etc... i pictured him looking like pyat pree from season 2 minus the blue lips
678	Soiled Septa	2013-04-06	Meh... It was a bit too sympathetic an introduction for my taste.I think that's what makes it so great. Hopefully he can earn some sympathy (because of how he was found), some respect (for helping Jaime), and support (aww he never got to forge his whole chain-the Citadel sucks). Then his psycho bullshit can catch the viewers by surprise.I am optimistic about this storyline.
679	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-06	"Psychopath" or "Sociopath" probably better describe Qyburn.  Amoral, not immoral.Yes.
680	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	When i read Cerscei's description of Qyburns appearance in the book, i was like "thats a really cool idea, having this twisted sicko look and sound like a nice, harmless old man, like a loving grandfather... they could have used that to first build him up as a good guy and then reveal his true nature better". i think this was a very promising introduction, and i think qyburn is a character that you really have to write and play out carefully to not fall into the "mad scientist crossed with evil wizard, genuine BAD GUY" category. The contrast between his lean appearance, polite manners and soft voice (wich reminds the viewers of luwin) combined with his sick personality and twisted experiments creates a cool contrast and makes the character really interesting.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 06 April 2013 - 04:40 PM.
681	wolverine	2013-04-10	I remember next to nothing about Qyburn other than he is a mad scientist.  How they hell do you know so much about him?
682	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	In a different show I might agree, but the writers have pretty much removed any plotlines that might cause the viewer to have to think deeper than what is actually told to them.See removing the Dontos plotline, Selmy revealing his true identity right away, the fate of Craster's sons, Loras and Renly's relationship, Littlefinger in general, Tyrion not bothering to arrange secret meetings with Shae and even having her visit him thru the front door at his sick bed.No, no, no. This has nothing to do with ''dumbing down the story'' as you seem to think, but more the fact that film is a completely different medium than written word. Barristan-in-hiding was never going to work when viewers can SEE his face and realise they have seen him before, then go back and rewatch the series to know exactly who he is. It just would not work for this medium of entertainment, why don't more people realise this?
683	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-21	You think we may see Qyburn next episode, now that Jaime needs a hand?
684	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	i was shocked to find i had been pronouncing his name wrong in my head, but then not so shocked when i thought about it again XD also when they gave him water and started temding his wounds i had the image burned in my head of that scrubs episode where JD wants to have a guy follow him around warn him when ever he makes a mistakehttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=slVpcp_UIjQ
685	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	No, no, no. This has nothing to do with ''dumbing down the story'' as you seem to think, but more the fact that film is a completely different medium than written word. Barristan-in-hiding was never going to work when viewers can SEE his face and realise they have seen him before, then go back and rewatch the series to know exactly who he is. It just would not work for this medium of entertainment, why don't more people realise this?yeah i understand and agree, also there is the drawback of having limited time and budget, and us not being able to read peoples minds. all of which make it harder for things to play out the same as they did in the books. though it doesnt mean we cant sorrowfully reflect on the shame it is that the viewers who havnt read the books miss out of the awesomeness.. though they really should read the books if they like the show so much. but i know thats a fight im not going to win, ive converted more people (since the tv show be came more popular) to reading the books, but some people just arnt up to the task, they ARE huge books and not everyone has the time or commitment for it ;D oh well
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 27 April 2013 - 03:52 AM.
686	StannisandDaeny	2013-05-10	It's their loss, not ours.
687	Lord Martin	2013-04-05	So my fiancA©, a non book reader asked me a question I couldn't puzzle out.
She asked, if Tywin knows about Tyrion's whore at court, then why is Shae still alive and serving Sansa? How is that Tywin was told that Tyrion had a whore there but has no idea it's Shae?
Without the Chataya storyline it doesn't make much sense.
Any thoughts?
688	samih	2013-04-07	Cersei told him that he had a whore but she thinks it's Ros, not Shae. In season 2 she had her guards beat her up thinking that it's his whore (similar to what happens in the books with Alayaya). So no one really knows that Shae is Tyrion's whore except Varys.
689	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	A better question would be is how come this whore is so freely galavanting around with Littlefinger after she is believed to have soiled the Hand's bed/Lannister name.
690	go joff go	2013-04-07	Isn't it possible that shae reports to Tywin.  I don't remember the book that well, but I sort of remember thinking to myself after everything went down that she had been working for tywin if not all along at least for a while.  On the show we have that one scene where shae tells sansa at blackwater that she has to see someone and I'm pretty convinced that someone isn't tyrion, so if not him, then who.
691	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Isn't it possible that shae reports to Tywin.  I don't remember the book that well, but I sort of remember thinking to myself after everything went down that she had been working for tywin if not all along at least for a while.  On the show we have that one scene where shae tells sansa at blackwater that she has to see someone and I'm pretty convinced that someone isn't tyrion, so if not him, then who.I'm not sure if they will go that route on the show. In the novels it's clear that either Shae has always sort of worked under Tywin but in the show considering Shae's greatly changed character it would be pretty...unexpected at least. There is a chance that Shae and Tyrion have a falling out after his fall from grace and marriage to Sansa, and he could find Shae with Tywin later, but I don't think they'll make it so she was always a Lannister super-agent-slut or whatever.
692	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	My theory is that she was hired by Tywin from the get go in order to keep Tyrion's whoring under wraps.  He knew he couldn't get him to stop entirely so he got a girl that could serve that purpose but keep him from sleeping with every whore is sight and thus destroying the family reputation.  And there is the fact that Shae says that she is not low born but refuses to talk anymore about her family.  It would fit that Tywin wouldn't want his son with anyone low born, even as his whore.
I know that Tywin forbids him to take Shae to King's Landing but the way he says it, it's like he's baiting him into doing it.  He might not have even thought of taking her if his dad hadn't put the seed in his head.  It might have even originally been Tywin who thought to make her Sansa's maid, as an additional set of eyes on the Starks.  I think what she wasn't expecting was that she would actually grow to love Tyrion.  I believe that her offer to run away with him at the end of season 2 was legitimate.  When he says no she has this look of resignation and hopelessness on her face.
693	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-07	While that's true, she could still feel resignation and hopeless because she's only in love with his wealth and fears losing that.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 07 April 2013 - 05:55 PM.
694	Masamune	2013-04-08	A better question would be is how come this whore is so freely galavanting around with Littlefinger after she is believed to have soiled the Hand's bed/Lannister name.Don't ask completely valid questions.
695	Autopath	2013-04-08	A better question would be is how come this whore is so freely galavanting around with Littlefinger after she is believed to have soiled the Hand's bed/Lannister name.Probably because she is now secretly under Varys's protection as indicated by a scene between Ros and Varys at the end of last season.
696	wolverine	2013-04-10	Varys knows stuff.  I don't know what protection he can provide other than keeping a secret or learning a secret.  That has nothing to do with Ros as she is known.
697	dubq	2013-04-10	My theory is that she was hired by Tywin from the get go in order to keep Tyrion's whoring under wraps.  He knew he couldn't get him to stop entirely so he got a girl that could serve that purpose but keep him from sleeping with every whore is sight and thus destroying the family reputation.  And there is the fact that Shae says that she is not low born but refuses to talk anymore about her family.  It would fit that Tywin wouldn't want his son with anyone low born, even as his whore.I know that Tywin forbids him to take Shae to King's Landing but the way he says it, it's like he's baiting him into doing it.  He might not have even thought of taking her if his dad hadn't put the seed in his head.  It might have even originally been Tywin who thought to make her Sansa's maid, as an additional set of eyes on the Starks.  I think what she wasn't expecting was that she would actually grow to love Tyrion.  I believe that her offer to run away with him at the end of season 2 was legitimate.  When he says no she has this look of resignation and hopelessness on her face.Tywin Lannister doesn't give a shit about hiding anything from Tyrion. I doubt he would waste his time on such a dumb and elaborate ruse to "keep Tyrion's whoring in check."
698	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	A better question would be is how come this whore is so freely galavanting around with Littlefinger after she is believed to have soiled the Hand's bed/Lannister name.so much about Ros's story line doesn't make sense! she is a very annoying character to keep around IMHOIsn't it possible that shae reports to Tywin.  I don't remember the book that well, but I sort of remember thinking to myself after everything went down that she had been working for tywin if not all along at least for a while.  On the show we have that one scene where shae tells sansa at blackwater that she has to see someone and I'm pretty convinced that someone isn't tyrion, so if not him, then who. INTERESTING.... well it couldn't have been Tywin as he had not arrived yet, and when he did was quite busy with a huge battle. but maybe there is someone else she is reporting to, some one who works for Tywin, or maybe there is another thing going on all together that will be presented later... hmmm /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> My theory is that she was hired by Tywin from the get go in order to keep Tyrion's whoring under wraps.  He knew he couldn't get him to stop entirely so he got a girl that could serve that purpose but keep him from sleeping with every whore is sight and thus destroying the family reputation.  And there is the fact that Shae says that she is not low born but refuses to talk anymore about her family.  It would fit that Tywin wouldn't want his son with anyone low born, even as his whore.I know that Tywin forbids him to take Shae to King's Landing but the way he says it, it's like he's baiting him into doing it.  He might not have even thought of taking her if his dad hadn't put the seed in his head.  It might have even originally been Tywin who thought to make her Sansa's maid, as an additional set of eyes on the Starks.  I think what she wasn't expecting was that she would actually grow to love Tyrion.  I believe that her offer to run away with him at the end of season 2 was legitimate.  When he says no she has this look of resignation and hopelessness on her face. possible, they don't seem quite so close in the book as in the TV show, in the books I would be more inclined to believe that she didn't  love him, but who knows what the are trying to do with the adaption, or where is will go
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 09 May 2013 - 07:36 AM.
699	LordStoneheart	2013-04-01	So is there any way to confirm the giant we saw was Mag Mar Tun Doh Weg, or if he has a name at all?
I loved that they included him.
700	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	I think he was a non-descript Giant. I doubt they will name them until we get Wun Wun.
701	Er Rn	2013-04-01	I was pleasantly surprised that they included the giant. Thought it was very well done.
702	Sworn Shield	2013-04-01	Glad they included giants, although IIRC giants don't wear clothes they are just furry.
703	Iotun	2013-04-01	Just having a furry naked giant would probably look more silly on screen. I also think it would be more expensive, as CG fur and hair is difficult to do. Much cheaper to just put a prosthetic on a normal man and enlarge him.
704	Crown	2013-04-01	He kinda looked like an oversized Peter Jackson dwarf.
					
					
							Edited by Crown, 01 April 2013 - 12:49 PM.
705	Woftis	2013-04-01	I agree the giant was awesome, really looking forward to the attack on the wall with giants and mammoths /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
706	Mediumjon Umber	2013-04-01	I expected the giants to be a bit more Big Foot-like, not like the seemingly overdressed Skyrim giant we saw yesterday. But I'm not disappointed.
707	WinterWarrior	2013-04-01	Loved the giant. Thought they did a good job with the giant. I hope they have a mammoth in the future, and I want to see a horned foot man.
708	Reposado	2013-04-01	i thought the giant was great. book-described giant wouldbe much more expensive and not worth it in comparison to other things that require money
709	The Red Pope	2013-04-01	I really like it's Neanderthal look with the thick eyebrow and all. It looks well adapted to a cold climate.
710	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-01	It surprised me that we got a giant at this point but it was done very well, plus it's a smart move when you have a character called 'Giantsbane'. While not exactly how the book describes them they were still very believable and the only really required trait is their size, and what comes with that.
711	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	He kinda looked like an oversized Peter Jackson dwarf.Truth.I'd have been more surprised had I not watched the Wildlings behind-the-scenes a few days ago where Ygritte says 'first time you've seen a giant?' Oh well, was still pretty freaking cool. I wonder if we'll see one riding a mammoth?
712	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	Ahck, accidental double post. Nothing to see here!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Dermett Corbray, 01 April 2013 - 02:07 PM.
713	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-01	wasn't the first giant jon saw the king giant? could that giant have been the one that donal noy (spelling error) killed?
714	Crown	2013-04-01	wasn't the first giant jon saw the king giant? could that giant have been the one that donal noy (spelling error) killed?It's just a random giant, don't think he's Mag or Wun Wun.
715	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	His face:(her face: "and wait until you see a woman, kid).
					
					
							Edited by gammaerys, 01 April 2013 - 02:28 PM.
716	Greywolf2375	2013-04-01	wasn't the first giant jon saw the king giant? could that giant have been the one that donal noy (spelling error) killed?no, he saw the line of giants and lost count at more than 50 & then he saw the huge mammoth with Mag the Mighty on it
717	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-01	While not exactly how the book describes them they were still very believable and the only really required trait is their size, and what comes with that.It's a bit ironic, when the book explicitly states that giants don't look as the show partrays them.For me, ASOIAF giants will allways look like this: http://en.amokanet.r...p=1&template=82Anyway, I'm still very glad to have giants at all in the show. I was fearing they were cut. But I still greatly fear that we won't see any Mammoths. Those would require CGI, and if the showrunners had CGI to spare, they probably would have gone with the Giants-as-Yetis look.
718	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-01	no, he saw the line of giants and lost count at more than 50 & then he saw the huge mammoth with Mag the Mighty on itare you shore mag wasn't leading the line?
719	So1ar	2013-04-01	It's a bit ironic, when the book explicitly states that giants don't look as the show partrays them.For me, ASOIAF giants will allways look like this: http://en.amokanet.r...p=1&template=82Anyway, I'm still very glad to have giants at all in the show. I was fearing they were cut. But I still greatly fear that we won't see any Mammoths. Those would require CGI, and if the showrunners had CGI to spare, they probably would have gone with the Giants-as-Yetis look.well, we don't really have to see them this season. they can just mention that the giants ride mammoths. jon leaves the main group in a couple of episode anyways so we don't really need to see mammoths until next season's attack on the wall. althought it would be cool to see a mammoth!
720	Montey14	2013-04-01	I think they just wanted to show Giants....first giant they'll name is probably mag the mighty.....
721	tryagainlater	2013-04-01	I was surprised to see him but he looked great. Good sound effects too.
722	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-01	The giant was extremely well done. It honestly felt like the best sequence of effect shots on the show yet, he looked so real.
723	Words of Winter	2013-04-02	Maybe this was to wet our appetite  I hope they get the cgi money to do it right.  Fingers crossed.
724	Liathano	2013-04-02	I was super stoked about the giant ^__^ Was worried they'd cut out the cool creatures that hang with the Wildlings. I hope there is more to come, I love mythological creatures /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
725	Nictarion	2013-04-02	I was very pleased by how the giant looked. Imo this show has movie quality cgi, the dragons and the direwolves all look great especially for tv.
726	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-02	The giant was very well done and it was fun to see my hubby's reaction as I have told him absolutely nothing and he was definitely surprised by it.
The dragon are also incredible. Drogon looked amazing!
727	cybobbie	2013-04-02	The giant scene was an awesome surprise for me and I really liked the way that he looked, much better for me this way that it would probably be if they did it a Yeti like creature as in the books.
728	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	Hopefully the mammoths will look as good as the giants and the big siege on the Wall will be sooooo epic. Especially epic if the NW is firing barrels of flaming pitch at them and giants are beating people with tree limb clubs!!!
729	dubq	2013-04-02	I am very psyched that they included the Giants in this. It's just one more pure fantasy element that they've added into an otherwise very gritty and realistic story. It really does have something for everyone. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
730	King of Winters	2013-04-02	I was really hoping that they'd include giants. And they did! I'd like them to include Mammoths but I don't think they will.
731	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-02	The giant was great (hehe), but why wouldn't he use a tool or a club to drive in the poles? Didn't make sense to me.
732	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	The giant was great (hehe), but why wouldn't he use a tool or a club to drive in the poles? Didn't make sense to me.That bugged me too. Apparently they are shy and mechanically uninclined.
733	LordStoneheart	2013-04-02	The giant was great (hehe), but why wouldn't he use a tool or a club to drive in the poles? Didn't make sense to me.Just to show strength I assumed.
734	Serr Parker	2013-04-02	Just thought where did she get the ship from? Don't think it was shown the end of the second was it?
735	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-02	His face:(her face: "and wait until you see a woman, kid). /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />this made me laugh so hard.
736	Nictarion	2013-04-03	Just thought where did she get the ship from? Don't think it was shown the end of the second was it?She bought it with the stuff she stole from Daxos.
737	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	Just to show strength I assumed.Yeah, but how many strong men do you see hammering stuff with their hands on a daily basis just because they are strong? Guess one could argue the giants' skin and tissue is extremely hard and resilient, but meh...
738	Tyrion4President	2013-04-04	Just having a furry naked giant would probably look more silly on screen. I also think it would be more expensive, as CG fur and hair is difficult to do. Much cheaper to just put a prosthetic on a normal man and enlarge him.they didnt want to put a naked giant because it would lessin the impact of tormund giantsbane's member
739	Eogh	2013-04-04	I'm worried we wont see any more giants this season cuz the cgi budget will be devoted to showing dragons and direwolves.
740	Holdfast	2013-04-09	Really happy with the inclusion of the Giant, also liked the look of him, felt the changes were just right.
741	cuendillar	2013-04-09	I'm worried we wont see any more giants this season cuz the cgi budget will be devoted to showing dragons and direwolves.But are the giants really CGI? I think those scenes can easily be done by an actor (or extra) working against a blue screen and then simply overlay the giant (appropriately scaled) to the actual scene. It's both cheaper, easier and should look as good if done right. Direwolves might be doable through up-sizing dogs, but giants are much easier as people tend to be better at taking instructions and following a script than animals are.
742	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-09	I'm certain the giant was just an actor+camera tricks. Why bother to create a human-like giant out of CGI, instead of using an actual human actore? It makes no sense at all.
743	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	I LOVED the Giant!! I thought it looked awesome and loved that he was using his hand as some sort of hammer! LOL. Great stuff! The Giants in the books would cost a lot more and let us be fair, on screen they would look rather silly wouldn't they? big giant furry men. I liked that the Giant was just a massive, clothed humanoid, it looked really awesome! I was so excited.
744	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	Glad they included giants, although IIRC giants don't wear clothes they are just furry.yeah they don't, but still super great that they put them in.I don't think this was any giant in particular I think he was just some random to introduce them
745	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-03	Does anyone else see D&D combining her character with Val's? Since I don't think they are introducing Val or Dalla this season I cant help but think they will. Her death is powerful and vital to Jon's development. I just have this bad feeling that after Jon defends the wall and allows the Wildlings through it will be Ygritte he sends to go find Tormmund. Sigh..
746	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-04	No. I don't see it happening.
747	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-04	Well, Tormund is in the trailer climbing the Wall, so probably he won't have to search for him. I think he might take the place of Val in being sent out to gather scattered Wildlings and bring them through.
748	Thendel	2013-04-04	Nope, I don't see it happening: Val was barely mentioned in Storm, and certainly not in a way that necessated she be introduced before season 5.
749	rodrik Cassel	2013-04-04	as I am a huge fan of Ygritte i would support that move but i dont see that coming  no director in the world would miss the chance of this deathscene
750	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	She has to die.
751	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-04	Ygritte will die
752	Chuck88	2013-04-04	As much as it would be awesome if she didn't have to die, her death is kinda vital to Jon's development over the whole story. It'll be so sad when she does die though /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
On a sort of related note, I'm very glad she isn't Tormund's daughter, as one poster suggested before the first episode aired. That would have been rather daft.
753	WinterKing	2013-04-04	If she does not die Jon's role will be seriously compromised.
754	Er Rn	2013-04-04	I think she has to go, otherwise it'll really change Jon's development.
755	Buckwheat	2013-04-04	Yep, her death is important for his character development, I cannot see her not dying.
Val can still be introduced later.
756	Drogo_1	2013-04-04	I agree Ygritte has to die but I think people are assuming they will have a Val. They may not need a Val at all or will introduce a new character to play the wilding princess role.
757	Magjee	2013-04-04	Sorry friend, she has to die
758	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-04	Nope, her death is a dramatic moment that D&D can't possibly think of passing up.  It'll make for awesome TV.  Besides, Val has already been cast, so it's likely the showrunners have thought this through.
The only real question for the adaptation is whether she'll die by Jon's hand.
759	Chuck88	2013-04-04	Nope, her death is a dramatic moment that D&D can't possibly think of passing up.  It'll make for awesome TV.  Besides, Val has already been cast, so it's likely the showrunners have thought this through.The only real question for the adaptation is whether she'll die by Jon's hand.God I hope not /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Certainly not on purpose anyway, that would destroy Jon's character.But yeah, her death is a turning point in Jon's story and has far too much potential to leave out.
760	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	It would rob them of the chance of having another blonde bombshell in the cast.
And it would create a host of problems for Jon on the wall. He couldn't have the girl he had been sleeping with in the castle, especially with his big promotion coming up...
761	Lord Flashheart	2013-04-04	Just Grumpkins in the woodpile then I suppose. Good to know.
762	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-04	God I hope not /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  Certainly not on purpose anyway, that would destroy Jon's character.I hope not too, but this is TV, so you can never tell how much they'll want to ramp up the drama.  In the book, Jon was mostly sure his arrow wasn't the one that took her.
763	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	She has to die if she's anything like book Ygritte.
'You know nothing Jon SNO-OOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!'
Boy you know how to get me going, Martin. /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
But no, she can't be Val. It wouldn't even make any sense.
764	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-04	Ygritte will have to die. I can't see that being changed. 
The suggestion that Toramund will be captured by the watch and will be the one Jon sends out to gather the wildlings to bring them though the wall is a possibility though.
765	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-04	The only real question for the adaptation is whether she'll die by Jon's hand.I hope not, too, but its TV... somebody might command Jon to do it since he did not do it the first time - to test him...........but still, I hope not.
766	Sweet Summer Child	2013-04-04	I wouldn't be surprised if they had her die by Jon's hand, or at least his arrow. But in the show, Jon's storyline seems to have less to do with him growing up than it does in the books (partly because in the books he leaves for the wall at a significantly younger age).
767	Titan	2013-04-04	Ygrittes death scene is one of the best (if not the best) death scenes in the series. No self-respecting director/writer/actor would decline to be a part of such a scene.
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 04 April 2013 - 09:52 PM.
768	oldboldsellsword	2013-04-05	I thought originally that they might keep her alive just because the character is so well liked my fans as well as the actress, along with the fact it keeps a romantic element to the show's plot. However I would be disappointed if she isn't killed; her death is so important and it would be very strange for the later plot with her hanging around.
769	Buckwheat	2013-04-05	I thought originally that they might keep her alive just because the character is so well liked my fans as well as the actress, along with the fact it keeps a romantic element to the show's plot. However I would be disappointed if she isn't killed; her death is so important and it would be very strange for the later plot with her hanging around.Welcome to the forum, first time poster! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I agree with you that she must die, actually I did not even consider the idea she might not in the show.
770	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-05	Her death may be the only of two times Iliked her catchphrase. The other time when she says 'you know nothing Jon Snow...But you might be learning.'
771	victim	2013-04-05	As much as I love Ygritte, especially when she's played by Rose Leslie, it would be a great disservice to the story and the character to keep her alive.
772	Khal Porno	2013-04-05	There's also the fact that her character is COMPLETELY different to Val's and the fulfill COMPLETELY different functions in the story.  If Val was at all like Ygritte, she'd be unnecessary to the story.  There's absolutely no way Stannis would buy Ygritte as a queen, and there is absolutely no way Jon can have a woman he's in love with around the wall after he's rejoined the Night's Watch.
Also, the REAL reason Ygritte had to die wasn't to make Jon's character grow (that was just a fortunate consequence), it was because Martin needed to get rid of her because there is no place for her character once Jon goes back to the wall.
773	SerArthurHeath	2013-04-05	I thought originally that they might keep her alive just because the character is so well liked my fans as well as the actress, along with the fact it keeps a romantic element to the show's plot. However I would be disappointed if she isn't killed; her death is so important and it would be very strange for the later plot with her hanging around.In this world this is more likely to be a reason to kill a character off!
774	Abaddon	2013-04-05	[EDIT] Oops. guess I need to re-read the book... again...
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 05 April 2013 - 12:06 PM.
775	boojam	2013-04-07	Ygritte will dieI can't remember the details of the Battle (Skirmish?) at Castle Black, seems Wildings retreated...It's just a speculation , D and D like Rose a lot, that they may let her escape back and finally be killed in season 4 in the battle for the Wall.Seems a shame to hire an actress as good as her for only two seasons. (I know Sean Bean lasted only 9 episodes!... but then that was a very big plot pivot.)The whole biz about Val is now odd, I mean they have 9 episodes to introduce her, but those scenes should have been shot by now and I have not see someone cast. Kinda weird, because Val does play a very important part later.Was Stephanie Blacker actually hired by the show? She does not show up in the previews or the rumors anymore?She Val?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 April 2013 - 03:12 PM.
776	Drogo_1	2013-04-09	Was Stephanie Blacker actually hired by the show? She does not show up in the previews or the rumors anymore?She Val?check these 2 links http://winteriscomin...casting-update/ & http://winteriscomin...joins-the-cast/ - at first glance it appears they've renamed val violet
777	boojam	2013-04-10	check these 2 links http://winteriscomin...casting-update/ & http://winteriscomin...joins-the-cast/ - at first glance it appears they've renamed val violetViolet! That's not a Wildling name!Yara could be a Greyjoy name (tho at this late date I still don't understand that one!), if they want to rename her , lord!, D and D should hire a 'namer' or ask GRRM because they seem to have a tin ear for renamed character names!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 10 April 2013 - 06:15 AM.
778	Drogo_1	2013-04-10	Violet! That's not a Wildling name!Yara could be a Greyjoy name (tho at this late date I still don't understand that one!), if they want to rename her , lord!, D and D should hire a 'namer' or ask GRRM because they seem to have a tin ear for renamed character names!lol I couldn't agree more
779	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	Her death scene is so poignant that I can not imagine, for a second, D&D passing up the chance to adapt it. It's also very, very important to Jon's character and merging Ygritte with Val would make no sense.
780	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	Nope, her death is a dramatic moment that D&D can't possibly think of passing up.  It'll make for awesome TV.  Besides, Val has already been cast, so it's likely the showrunners have thought this through.The only real question for the adaptation is whether she'll die by Jon's hand.I agree completely after all there really is no place for her at the wall, they really cant try and mesh these completely different character together. and its such a great heart wrenching dramatic deep scene, its cinematic gold! only an idiot would pass up the opportunity to include that. also in the books Jon in mostly sure that it wasn't his arrow, but earlier in the same book he questioned the colour of Ygrittes arrow after it went through his leg, grey or white? I think his was placed in there to not only make him question if it in actual fact was his or not, but to make us think. IMHO I think it was his arrow but he simply was not in a situation where he could let him self believe it. I am suuuuper interested to see what they do with this scene, it really is the only question.. for me.Ygrittes death scene is one of the best (if not the best) death scenes in the series. No self-respecting director/writer/actor would decline to be a part of such a scene. exactly! ;D
781	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	I can't remember the details of the Battle (Skirmish?) at Castle Black, seems Wildings retreated...It's just a speculation , D and D like Rose a lot, that they may let her escape back and finally be killed in season 4 in the battle for the Wall.Seems a shame to hire an actress as good as her for only two seasons. (I know Sean Bean lasted only 9 episodes!... but then that was a very big plot pivot.)The whole biz about Val is now odd, I mean they have 9 episodes to introduce her, but those scenes should have been shot by now and I have not see someone cast. Kinda weird, because Val does play a very important part later.Was Stephanie Blacker actually hired by the show? She does not show up in the previews or the rumors anymore?She Val?I think they just might just do that! I was considering they might leave us with a cliff hanger at the beginning of the battle where the wildlings are approaching, or have clearly finished with moletown, so that we would have to wait for next season to see the battle and her death. that would mean they would have to stretch the rest of Jons storyline over 4 more episodes, which I think they could easily do, ep 7 cant be the scene at queens crown, Brans storyline just isn't set up for that yet (he still needs to ditch Rickon and Osha). we could just have one scene with Jon (as every episode that as has jon in it this season -aside from 6)where the wildlings have left the wall and maybe the little conflict with Orell, maybe some traveling or hunting by the looks of the trailer. then e8 looks to be a very heavy Dany episode, it could have no Jon at all. e9 could be QC and jon leaving. e10 could be jon arriving at the nightswatch. or something like that, these arnt really my predictions just pointing out it could be easy for the to stretch it. but when presented with your idea I would much rather that be what they decide to do than what I previously thought. that is IF hey decide to keep her Rose Lesley for an extra season.Violet! That's not a Wildling name!Yara could be a Greyjoy name (tho at this late date I still don't understand that one!), if they want to rename her , lord!, D and D should hire a 'namer' or ask GRRM because they seem to have a tin ear for renamed character names!we don't know for sure that she IS a wildling, Mance says he came upon Val and Dalla when returning from winterfell, he didn't specify which side of the wall the encounter took place.
782	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	@ boojam,
I do agree with you though about the name changes, I try to think im not a over the top purest, but why the hell mess with a good name, or good content when all the awesome work has been done for you!
783	Dank Jedi	2013-04-01	Ok, so I know in the book we learn details from the battle as Sam remembering them a few chapters into aSoS.  But flashbacks don't seem to be a mechanic they are using in the show, so I'm going to assume we won't be seeing it.  My point is....WHY!?!?  They ended Season 2 with an army of Wights advancing on the men of the NW, setting up for one (frozen) hell of a battle. And all we get is LC Mormont lighting one wight on fire.  I understand that it's the show and not the book, but that is a letdown and half.  I've been waiting ten months to see an undead bear with its flesh sloughing off taking off heads with a swipe of whats left of its paw, and we get one wight.I'm going to hold onto a fool's hope that we still might see what really happened up there, but I have a feeling that ship has sailed. Is anyone else as upset as I am with this?
784	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	$$$ too expensive...
785	Lady Octarina	2013-04-01	Is anyone else as upset as I am with this?Yeah, I think it was incredibly frustrating; I had been expecting that battle since the end of season two, and all we got was a blizzard and a single wight attacking Sam. Oh, well, I guess they're using all their CGI budget for direwolves, dragons, giants and Jaime's hand; not complaining.
786	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-01	I was looking forward to the battle as well. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> That bear was one of the few genuinely frightening moments from the books for me. It's a shame we won't be seeing it.
787	BericDondarrion	2013-04-01	I was furious they portrayed the battle like that.It is really a slap in the face when you think about it.S2 ended with Ser Piggy crying behind a rock because a gigantic army of others and wights were marching to the wall.It literally showed thousands of them and it made you think they would invade the realm.Instead, you see nothing but the aftermath.Pretty lame.
788	Silverx2	2013-04-01	we didn't see much of the battle in the books, so it was not a surprise to not see it on the show either
789	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-01	in the book i remember it being told from a brother of the nights watch (i don't remember his name) but I understand that it would have been too much money but they could have shown more fires to drive the point home
790	Bayard	2013-04-01	It was very cheap, and I'm not thinking about the budget. I actually think of about 2 ways they could have done it with few money, little time... they simply didn't want to put anything related to it.
791	Sworn Shield	2013-04-01	Why couldn't they have done something like this.http://images6.fanpo...0-1920-1049.jpg
Well I suppose they have a budget to run on.
792	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-01	I don't mind how the series dealt with it, expect:
1. Ghost. What is he doing there?
2. Chiding Tarly for not sending ravens. How could he, when he was sent out to dig dung? In book, he sent them even if he messed up and sent all without message, still that was warning enough and a show of him overcoming his fear and doing his duty. Here they made him completely useless. Gah!
793	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	It is not really HBO's style to show battles at all.  Blackwater was an exception, I remember it was awful in Rome when they just showed the lead up to battle, two guys struggling, then the return from battle.  We've seen them knock Tyrion out to avoid showing a battle in GoT already.  So starting after the battle was a smart decision.  Also, I think they wanted to move Sam along, I mean how could they show him getting out of where he was, surrounded by all the wights and Others at the end of last season?
794	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Massive cop out.
Maybe they wrote themselves into a whole with having Sam surrounded by the wight/other army, and including a few noises meant they could get him out of there as well as not have to show a great and important scene.
795	Young Nan	2013-04-01	I don't mind how the series dealt with it, expect:1. Ghost. What is he doing there?2. Chiding Tarly for not sending ravens. How could he, when he was sent out to dig dung? In book, he sent them even if he messed up and sent all without message, still that was warning enough and a show of him overcoming his fear and doing his duty. Here they made him completely useless. Gah!Yes and Yes!  My first thought was, why isn't Ghost with Jon?  And poor Sam.  He's already a fat coward, but the show had to portray him as a fat, incompetant coward.  And no sam the slayer?  Maybe that will come later...I am really, really, dissappointed that we didn't see any zombie polar bears.  IMO, I would way rather have rather seen the CGI budget go towards zombie polar bears, than to show Dany's baby dragon flying around.
796	Chalkius Stark	2013-04-01	I do think they could have done something small scale, even if it was just the NW fleeing the Fist, a few of them being taken down, etc. Can't have cost THAT much to do that.
797	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Also how the hell did the dead NW guy end up holding his own head?!?
798	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Perhaps they've dropped the entire betrayal-of-LC-Mormont plotline, and he will be killed in battle with wights/walkers/bear later in the season?
799	Elrond Hubbard	2013-04-01	They didn't need a big battle, but a black screen and a few screams and sounds of clanging metal was a cheat.  Show something -- a few rangers firing fire arrows, blue lights approaching from the blinding snow, Mormont ordering a retreat.  It was overall a good episode, but the opening scene was terrible.  I've seen impressions of non-book readers who think the Night's Watch won.
800	drigoly	2013-04-01	I still hope that the intro to season 3 was an aprils joke and we will get the real episode tomorrow.
801	Buckwheat	2013-04-01	Also how the hell did the dead NW guy end up holding his own head?!?My guess is the white walkers set it that way to scare the living? Similar to how they set the parts of corpses in a circle in the first scene of season 1. No other explanation that comes to mind.I do not have that much of a problem with the lack of battles, I understand the money issues and it would be a little of a waste of time too, so I am okay with the way it was (except Ghost being with the NW instead of Jon and Sam not sending the ravens).
802	Reposado	2013-04-01	didnt expect a big battle and really wouldnt mind if they never showed a battle if they could just make it look like there more people at times. the nights watch is apprently down to about 12 guys. mance is moving at the wall with his army of about 100 men and one giant
803	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-01	I wasn't bothered with it as I though it was by far the most likely outcome. The battle isn't even described much in the books, where budget isn't an issue, so it seems pretty illogical to expect the show to have much, if any, visuals of it. It's also hard to do such things justice compared to our own imaginations so it's probably better for them to leave it out for the time being, until it gets really important (which hasn't really happened yet in the books).didnt expect a big battle and really wouldnt mind if they never showed a battle if they could just make it look like there more people at times. the nights watch is apprently down to about 12 guys. mance is moving at the wall with his army of about 100 men and one giant100 men? We've been shown an entire valley covered with tents.
804	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	It's also an exaggeration to say the Night's Watch has 12 men.  They may only have 12 men left in the scouting party, which wouldn't be ridiculous, but the rest of the force is on the other side of the Wall.  I don't think we need to worry about large numbers, David and Dan mentioned a Blackwater style battle next season and it would have to be the Battle of the Wall, I think.
805	protar	2013-04-01	This is my main gripe with this episode. I understand there's budget to consider, but if they didn't have the budget why set it up? Also I would think that they would have the budget. I mean this season has the same budget as S2 (If not bigger) but without a BW esque fight to drain it all.
If they'd had Sam and Co and the Fist itself for S2 E10 then they could have had the focus being Sam sent to send off the ravens, and having to scurry past all the fighting to get there. Then a scene at the end of the episode showing the NW survivors fleeing.
I'm imagining it now so clearly: Sam sees a WW heading towards him so he darts behind some rocks, terrifyingly edging along it. Then he turns round and the Zombear is right there. It rears up in front of him and roars, swiping at him but Sam manages to trip out of the way. As it comes in for the killing blow fire arrows puncture it just in time and it charges off to wreak havoc in the NW lines.
806	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	Must admit to being a bit disappointed but not entirely surprised. Damnable budget!
And yeah, missing out on the rotting bear wight was a shame. Oh well.
807	So1ar	2013-04-01	I'm not surprised, but still a little let down. I mean if The Walking Dead can have mini zombie battles every week why can't we have just one? I know the budget constraints, but they could have had the blizzard coming in and all you could really see in the distance was blue eyes. Then just show the front line of the nights watch being overrun and have mormont order them to set the whole thing ablaze to slow the wights down as they retreat. Never under estimate smoke and mirrors. We don't have to have a blackwater style battle. Just the impression that they're surrounded and have to retreat.
Or, assuming they didn't write themselves in a whole by having Sam stuck in the midde of it all, they could have had Sam writing letters like in book where he was saying, "We're winning and holding our position.", "They are advancing but we stil hold the fist." Cut to Mormont shouting commands (shouting "Who are we?" then rangers yell "We are the shield that guards the relms of men!"), show some blue eyes in the mist and fire arrows shooting in the snow. Cut to Mormont running up to Sam saying to send out the ravens because the battle is lost and we are retreating. Sam writes he last letter "We have lost the fist and are overrun." Then you hear wight screams and it fades to the opening credits. Yeah, I geeked out a little bit but that would have been a cool opening plus it wouldn't have broke the budget or taken long to film. Just a 3-4 minute sceen.
808	insertname	2013-04-01	It's also an exaggeration to say the Night's Watch has 12 men.  They may only have 12 men left in the scouting party, which wouldn't be ridiculous, but the rest of the force is on the other side of the Wall.  I don't think we need to worry about large numbers, David and Dan mentioned a Blackwater style battle next season and it would have to be the Battle of the Wall, I think.They did? Maybe should have taken some of the budget from there...Don't get me wrong, I loved Blackwater, but I can live with smaller action scenes. This complete cop-out was done badly though. Don't show a huge battle but at least something...and don't show a huge army at the end of season 2 (Especially as it makes ZERO sense for Sam in anyway to have survived this)
809	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	Battles with zombies are terrible and stupid and there's been so many zombie franchises already it's hard to make them in any way interesting, surprising or good. I didn't miss it... Keep the money to show some actual Others fighting later on, that would be much cooler (even though I'm disappointed with the look of the Others). All I didn't understand was how Sam was supposed to have sent the Ravens when it looked to me like he only just returned from the initial wight attack.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 April 2013 - 02:55 PM.
810	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	Anything would have been better than the clanking pot over the black screen. Massive cop out but budget restrictions are to blame. They still could have handled  how Sam ended up getting through a couple of hundred wights to meet up with Mormont and co better,
811	billy g.	2013-04-01	LC Mormont's betrayal comes at Craster's Keep. That scene should be coming up pretty soon.
A fight scene at the Fist would have taken up valuable time. Time they would rather show Bronn underneath a nude hooker, or Sansa Stark being pathetic, as usual. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
812	kevin1989	2013-04-01	Why are people complaining????
There is a budget, last season had BW, this season has giants, more dragons, more direwolves, RW, battle at Yunkaii. Etc.
And personally I loved how they introduced the battle. cliff was with Sam, premiere was with Sam. Only thing is, I would have loved to see one more wights burning. The one that burned and maybe one just before that, that Mormont killed.
And about Sam is a foul. Wonderful. Major build up for this season for him. Begin as a foul end as a hero.
813	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	For most of us its not about there being no battle. Its how they introduced Sam and reunited him with all his brothers.
A much better intro would have been the one from the book in Sam's POV where he is struggling to run surrounded by all his brothers fleeing the fist. We have no idea what happened but all we know is they had to retreat and suffered some serious losses. The synopsis of the battle could have been filled in later at Craster's. For non book-readers it must be kind of confusing how Sam managed to flee passed several hundred wights.
814	DragonAge93	2013-04-01	Gotta admit, I'm a little disappointed. I kinda hyped it up to people I knew that the opening would be spectacular, but it was a cop-out. They really shouldn't have ended season 2 like that if they weren't going to show anything.
And I don't know why people think Sam the Slayer's not gonna happen. Sam didn't kill a White Walker on the Fist, he killed one when they were retreating through the forest, so we'll definitely get Sam the Slayer in episode 3 at the latest. And in the trailers we see a White Walker roaming through the dark forest, so maybe it's hunting Sam, and that's when he kills it.
815	Khal-a-bunga	2013-04-01	I would've liked to have seen something small-scale to represent the attack on the Fist, but I'm neither surprised nor disappointed that we didn't see it. It was the first scene of the season, and established that the Night's Watch members who had gone beyond the Wall had been severely crippled (there are several shots of dozens of men with the N.W. throughout season two, and not even half of that number is seen when Mormont rescues Sam). Beyond that, I'm not sure what was so confusing about the opening. If the audience is so confused about how or why Sam is alive, then surely they were just as confused when Will somehow survived his encounter with the White Walkers in the opening of the pilot. ...which also happened (albeit with a different character) in the books... So my assumption (supported through precedence) is that the White Walker meant to allow Sam to run free, and that the army shambled past him on their way to the Fist. Sam makes a run for it, at one point, and is found by the Lord Commander and the rest of the survivors. Nothing too complicated here. As for Ghost being with them... It's a non-issue. Jon sends him away at one point in ASoS anyway, so this isn't really much of a change at all, when it comes down to it. I imagine we'll see Sam the Slayer in either episode four or five, given the title of the fourth episode, so that's not something I'm particularly concerned about, either.
816	The House of Dude	2013-04-01	It's also an exaggeration to say the Night's Watch has 12 men.  They may only have 12 men left in the scouting party, which wouldn't be ridiculous, but the rest of the force is on the other side of the Wall.  I don't think we need to worry about large numbers, David and Dan mentioned a Blackwater style battle next season and it would have to be the Battle of the Wall, I think.I doubt it's going to be that one. The season previews have Mance climbing The Wall, which makes me think they're going to leave out the Battle for the Wall completely. The battle for Castle Black or the Red Wedding will probably take a substantial amount of the budget.
817	juanml82	2013-04-01	They already have the location and the actors. They have a bear for Brienne, either a real trained one or a CGI one. It's just, what? one more day of shooting? Just close ups, quick shots of the Brothers of the Night's Watch fighting in the dark, blue eyes in the dark, get Brienne's bear in shadows, so they don't need to take it to Iceland, compose blue eyes on top of it. Quick, relative inexpensive, maybe not epic but better than screams over a black video.
Damn /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
818	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	I'm still waiting for them to explain how Sam survived the ending of season 2. I've been waiting for this specifically since last year.
I think they got too excited last season and really wanted to just show Others and Wights and didn't even think of how they were gonna explain Sam getting away. So now they decide to fade to black and expect us to believe that Sam, the same Sam that gave up 10 yards into his season 2 get away run and hid behind a rock, somehow out ran these things that walk on top of snow or they just felt bad for the fat kid and let him live for a bit.
819	tito5601	2013-04-01	i didnt mind that there wasnt a huge battle at all because i know were gonna see enough big events further down the season but still it wouldve been nice to see a few shots hear and there of nights watch members panicking and running and others chasing them and alot more dead bodies on the ground to show there was a massacre going on
820	Maizel	2013-04-01	It is quite obvious, as mentioned before,  It's mainly a budget issue,  and perhaps a time issue secondary.
821	Kasrith	2013-04-01	Is anyone else as upset as I am with this?Personally, not at all upset with this. I didn't expect anymore than we got and it made total sense. There is a good chance we get to see when they are attacked later on and the whole Slayer stuff, I actually expected to see less than we did.The one thing that did bug me though was how Ghost saved him. It could have been just the Night's Watch, and Ghost could have been at Jon's side but this nicely ties up the loose "what happens to Ghost after the Wall climb" since he'll just follow the NW back to Castle Black.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 01 April 2013 - 07:46 PM.
822	Bride of Winter	2013-04-01	It definitely would have been nice, but I wasn't expecting to get it so it wasn't much of a loss. 
my only issue was how laughable ghost saving sam was. or how he even escaped in the first place. A+ cliffhanger resolution, writers.
823	King Cheops	2013-04-01	Fist of the First Men is actually completely irrelevant to the story.  It is only there to show the growing discontent amongst some of the NW men and to demoralize them.  This can just as easily be accomplished through the retreat and at Craster's Keep and for much less money.  If the Fist of the First Men is the price I have to pay to see more Dragons, Dire Wolves, and Giants (and hopefully some mammoths) and eventually some battle scenes that mean something -- Castle Black ahem! -- then I'm fine with that.
824	ohpooratlas	2013-04-01	I was not so much disappointed as I felt disoriented by it all.
We went from seeing an army of whites, presumably marching towards the wall to ... nothing.  A fog of white and one walker.  If I had been purely a tv watcher and hadn't read the books I would have probably said "where'd they all go?"
It just felt unfinished for the most part.
825	juanml82	2013-04-01	You're right, but it's a pretty cinematic moment. It would have been awesome on the screen.
826	Caryn Stark	2013-04-01	The Fist was the only part of the episode I had real problems with (besides Ros and Shae and Valisa who just make me cringe).
I didn't expect to see the battle - just the aftermath - but I thought the television was broken when it opened to black. I was at first excited, then confused to see Ghost. Yay! Direwolf - wait, what?... and then the Sam didn't let the ravens bit. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />   Whyyyy. I love Sam. I love how he let them fly if even messageless. That was beautiful writing for me. It's when you really begin to realize that, hey, Sam's not a craven and you're lucky to have him....
827	morky	2013-04-01	Joined just to say this.
My interpretation as to why the WW leave Sam alone at the fist is because he is still carrying the dragonglass. I assume that the Others can sense it so they stay away from him. That being said, they could just send Wights to kill him. I hope the writers somehow acknowledge this sometime in the future, it would help to fill in this glaring plot hole !
828	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-01	I doubt it's going to be that one. The season previews have Mance climbing The Wall, which makes me think they're going to leave out the Battle for the Wall completely. The battle for Castle Black or the Red Wedding will probably take a substantial amount of the budget.Do you mean the trailer? If so, that's Tormund climbing the wall, not Mance, however if you have seen a trailer with Mance climbing the wall, I'd love a link?
829	Nuttz	2013-04-01	I do think they could have done something small scale, even if it was just the NW fleeing the Fist, a few of them being taken down, etc. Can't have cost THAT much to do that.Most people don't understand how expensive it is to make an hour of TV at the quality of HBO. Yes, what you described would have been very expensive, even at a small scale. Hell, the scene we got would have been quite expensive too, given it included shooting in Iceland, the special effects for Ghost, the animal handler for Ghost (a real wolf is costly), a hefty amount of actors/extras as well as makeup on the wight. Not to mention a dude being set on fire. So yeah, that was an expensive scene.Showing the actual battle would have been even more costly. Not just at face value, but they would have taken a few days at least to shoot it given that they haev very little daylight in Iceland and need to get through quite a few shots for an action scene such as the battle would have been. Someone else mentioned that they also could have shown the frantic retreat. Apart from using a lot of extras and possible special effects, this would require dolly tracks which take a lot of time to set up and rehearse. There are also a few technical issues with using them in such weather.
830	LordStoneheart	2013-04-01	The issue I have is that, as others have said, it doesn't not explain at all how Sam got away when it clearly suggests the White Walker looks right at him last season.
Also, this is mostly because I hate zombies, but I really don't like that they don't make the distinction between the Others and Wights. So non-book readers consider this part of the story a 'zombie' thing. It's not like that at all. Wights are Other puppets. They don't spread infection. Then again, I think some book readers might think the Others are just zombies also.
831	lightbringer333	2013-04-01	james cosmo in his interview told that first scene of the season 3 is his favourite scene and is going to be awesome. i think that was april fool. they not even showed samwell using an obsidian and what d hell the ghost was during thre?? ghost was suppose to follow jon snow.
832	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-02	Bit let down by the lack of action on the fist, overall good episode.
833	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-02	We didn't see the slaughter of the Fist of the First Men you mean.
834	Justin Danford	2013-04-02	For most of us its not about there being no battle. Its how they introduced Sam and reunited him with all his brothers.A much better intro would have been the one from the book in Sam's POV where he is struggling to run surrounded by all his brothers fleeing the fist. We have no idea what happened but all we know is they had to retreat and suffered some serious losses. The synopsis of the battle could have been filled in later at Craster's. For non book-readers it must be kind of confusing how Sam managed to flee passed several hundred wights.this is what I assumed was happening when the scene opened. I saw Sam walking and a blizzard and said "Oh I know this, we just heard the battle and now he's trying to retreat and is struggling and tired." Then I saw the thing coming at him from the distance and I thought, "Oh man they are jumping right into the Sam the Slayer bit? That's brillant."Then it was a wightThen there was ghostThen there was Mormont and 12 brothersThen Sam didnt sent the Ravensand I thought, "???"
835	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-02	this is what I assumed was happening when the scene opened. I saw Sam walking and a blizzard and said "Oh I know this, we just heard the battle and now he's trying to retreat and is struggling and tired." Then I saw the thing coming at him from the distance and I thought, "Oh man they are jumping right into the Sam the Slayer bit? That's brillant."Then it was a wightThen there was ghostThen there was Mormont and 12 brothersThen Sam didnt sent the Ravensand I thought, "???"Yeah, bit of that.
836	insertname	2013-04-02	The Fist was the only part of the episode I had real problems with (besides Ros and Shae and Valisa who just make me cringe).I didn't expect to see the battle - just the aftermath - but I thought the television was broken when it opened to black. I was at first excited, then confused to see Ghost. Yay! Direwolf - wait, what?... and then the Sam didn't let the ravens bit. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />   Whyyyy. I love Sam. I love how he let them fly if even messageless. That was beautiful writing for me. It's when you really begin to realize that, hey, Sam's not a craven and you're lucky to have him....He did attach messages to them (Well, to some at least, some got away before he could do that). I loved that in the book too, because it showed that far all his talking about being a craven, when shit needs to be done, Sam gets it DONE. He'll never be a warrior, but he's far from useless.
837	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-02	He did attach messages to them (Well, to some at least, some got away before he could do that). I loved that in the book too, because it showed that far all his talking about being a craven, when shit needs to be done, Sam gets it DONE. He'll never be a warrior, but he's far from useless.He sent the first message, then he was writing gradually worse and worse news but forgot to attach them to the birds - but the fact alone that he sent off the message and then all birds at once was enough to warn the Wall that SOMETHING, and something very nasty, happened to Mormont's expedition. So yes, he messed up, but at least he relayed the most important message, and he was able to participate in Mormont's attempt to break free from the Fist.
838	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Why are people complaining????There is a budget, last season had BW, this season has giants, more dragons, more direwolves, RW, battle at Yunkaii. Etc.And personally I loved how they introduced the battle. cliff was with Sam, premiere was with Sam. Only thing is, I would have loved to see one more wights burning. The one that burned and maybe one just before that, that Mormont killed.And about Sam is a foul. Wonderful. Major build up for this season for him. Begin as a foul end as a hero.You're the only one.
839	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Fist of the First Men is actually completely irrelevant to the story.  It is only there to show the growing discontent amongst some of the NW men and to demoralize them.  This can just as easily be accomplished through the retreat and at Craster's Keep and for much less money.  If the Fist of the First Men is the price I have to pay to see more Dragons, Dire Wolves, and Giants (and hopefully some mammoths) and eventually some battle scenes that mean something -- Castle Black ahem! -- then I'm fine with that.Ghost with Jon Snow isnt irrelevant.
840	MoA«t	2013-04-02	$$$ too expensive... /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I'm not upset in the least.The audience has had ten months to imagine in their head what that battle would be like, book and non-book readers alike. Not even a James Cameron/Peter Jackson coproduction budget could match what's in your head, so why waste time and money on it when there are far more important battles, dragons, more story, and more characters to spend that time and money on?Opening with a black screen (so you can imagine 10 months of thinking up all that magical stuff in your head which is always better and more scary anyway), was perfect.You want dragons, more story, more characters, more fx? Or do you want the battle at the Fist that you'll hate and complain about anyway beause "it's not like the book" or "it's not what I imagined"? Make a choice, because it's TELEVISION, yes, I know it's HBO, but it's still television, and you can't have both.How many battles that involve The Watch do you think they need anyway? If they show all of them, it will get very repetitive. It will also spoil
	Spoiler  whatever George has in mind for the Walkers later in the story.
 Whatever it is, it will be big, and shouldn't lose it's impact.Maybe Sam will tell Gilly about it, and we'll get the story that way. If we have both, it will be repetitive, but telling Gilly gives them a scene they need.We don't need to see it, because what you can imagine in your head is always better anyway. We're going to get battles. Lots of them. You're not going to get every single action and character in the books. If that's what you're expecting, stop watching unless you like being continually let down.Try letting go of your expectations and just enjoy the best show on television. Shows this good, (with this budget and source material) are rare. But hell, maybe HBO will decide it's not worth it after all and pull the plug. Then you won't have it to let you down anymore.You're the only one.Nope. I agree with King Cheops.Ghost will find Jon. He's Ghost. He's not some stupid puppy who hangs out with people who have food. There will be ravens. So many people are acting like every detail needed to be in the first hour of ten. There are nine more episodes to tell this part of the story.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 02 April 2013 - 09:39 AM.
841	Winterz	2013-04-02	You could've already expected it from the Episode's preview summary. I said so here but there were still some who believed that the battle would certainly appear. I too would like that but then again, it doesn't bring any development to the story and not even the books are that specific about the battle. Honestly, I think they could've used a little more wights as starting the season with the NW escaping followed by some wights and still fighting for their lives. For budget sakes, the zombie bear could be dismissed /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 02 April 2013 - 09:37 AM.
842	MoA«t	2013-04-02	LOL @ Zombie bear! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
843	Mountain Lion	2013-04-02	I was just a little sad we didn't get the prequel from the book. But they already ruined that in season 2
844	Tadco26	2013-04-02	I would have actually been more surprised if they did show the battle.  As much as I would have loved to see it, I can forgive that aspect due to budget constraints.  It doesn't forgive the terrible cliff hanger from last season where Sam is surrounded and the White Walker looks right at him, then he is alive and running alone at the start of this season for no real reason.  Now if the White Walkers and wights for some unknown reason don't want to kill him, then why does the wight try to kill him in this episode?  It's more of a complaint about last season's finale than this episode though.  They could have had Gren or someone give a summary to Sam about what happened at the fist of first men though or something.
I also don't know why Mormont expected Sam to have sent the ravens.  He was out collecting shit when they were attacked and he got seperated at the end of last season, and no where near the ravens.  As far as we know, when Mormont saved him was the first time he reunited with any of the Night's Watch.  So how was he possibly supposed to send any ravens?
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 02 April 2013 - 09:56 AM.
845	Winterz	2013-04-02	I would have actually been more surprised if they did show the battle.  As much as I would have loved to see it, I can forgive that aspect due to budget constraints.  It doesn't forgive the terrible cliff hanger from last season where Sam is surrounded and the White Walker looks right at him, then he is alive and running alone at the start of this season for no real reason.  Now if the White Walkers and wights for some unknown reason don't want to kill him, then why does the wight try to kill him in this episode?  It's more of a complaint about last season's finale than this episode though.  They could have had Gren or someone give a summary to Sam about what happened at the fist of first men though or something.I also don't know why Mormont expected Sam to have sent the ravens.  He was out collecting shit when they were attacked and he got seperated at the end of last season, and no where near the ravens.  As far as we know, when Mormont saved him was the first time he reunited with any of the Night's Watch.  So how was he possibly supposed to send any ravens?You'll have to wait for the next episode. I'm pretty sure they'll say what happened there and even if Sam met with somebody else after the season 2 finale. The White Walkers ignored Sam, it's really not a mistery or a conspiracy. They were marching to kill a few hundred crows, why care about that one hiding behind the rock. In my opinion, Sam managed to get to the Fist where the NW's fighters were all dispersed fighting for their lives (as proven by that random decapitated crow in the middle of nowhere and the mist that would easily get them separated from each other). Eventually Sam found Mormont who told him to send the ravens while he gathered the dispersed party but Sam must've ran away instead. This is how I imagine it <.<
846	shiola	2013-04-02	In the very beginning when its still all black you hear screaming and metal clashing.  So I assumed a fight took place and Sam had gotten separated and was running back towards where the fighting had been.  That said, I fully expected him to show up at a camp with tons of blood and corpses. Not...  the nothing that we saw.  Glad we got some Mormont focus though, to make his death more impactful.  The wight crawling towards Sam looked really stupid, imo.
847	protar	2013-04-02	I've been thinking today and last night that really people are overestimating the cost of this scene. Certainly it would have been an expenditure, a lot more of one than what we got, but not the unattainably huge CGI fest people are making it out to be.
If they had kept Sam back at the Fist for S2 E10, they could have easily framed it around the miniplot of him getting the ravens off. This, combined with the blizzard would have meant most of it could go on in the background, and I think that the mere impression of a battle going on whilst Sam was terrifyingly running about would be very impactful. They could easily just have had one or two dozen extras made to look like a large army in all that snow. CGI would only be needed for a couple of close ups of the wights. Tricks like men getting ripped apart by zombies are surprisingly easy to do and a quick search on youtube will demonstrate that such rigs can be pulled off well for under 50 pounds. Which is peanuts compared to the millions that they spend on each episode. If they really wanted to splash out they could have had the zombear attack Sam before being driven off by the NW. Presumably they would simply have had to hire out Bart the Bear (who'll be appearing in E8.) for a couple more days and use the same CGI enhancement they use on the Direwolves. If that's too much then a simple wight would be fine. Zombear would be a luxury item.
So in conclusion, it would be expensive, but hardly unfeasible and probably not that much more costly than stuff we've already had in previous episodes. We've had CGI heavy scenes and we've had fights with a couple dozen extras. I think what probably happened here is that rather than exercising a little creativity, D+D simply panicked and immediately assumed there was no way they could afford it and so we just got the current deal.
					
					
							Edited by protar, 02 April 2013 - 10:24 AM.
848	Tadco26	2013-04-02	You'll have to wait for the next episode. I'm pretty sure they'll say what happened there and even if Sam met with somebody else after the season 2 finale. The White Walkers ignored Sam, it's really not a mistery or a conspiracy. They were marching to kill a few hundred crows, why care about that one hiding behind the rock. In my opinion, Sam managed to get to the Fist where the NW's fighters were all dispersed fighting for their lives (as proven by that random decapitated crow in the middle of nowhere and the mist that would easily get them separated from each other). Eventually Sam found Mormont who told him to send the ravens while he gathered the dispersed party but Sam must've ran away instead. This is how I imagine it <.<Maybe next episode they will explain what happened better, though that certainly isn't guaranteed, and personally I think it unlikely.  The White Walkers ignoring Sam was just poor writing.  You say they ignored him, but why?  It's not like it would have slowed them down to kill him, and it would have added another wight to the army.  Beyond that why ignore him there and then try to kill him in the next episode?  Was he suddenly more threatening when he was running than when he was hiding? There is nothing in the show to suggest that Sam had ever rejoined any of the night's watch in between being surrounded and getting saved.  We can imagine that much of the same things that happened in the book, happened in the show, but there is nothing for someone who hasn't read the book to come to that conclusion.  And since Sam DID send the ravens in the book, we can't really assume anything that happened in the book happened in the unseen battle.
849	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-02	Guess most significant culpit is them writing themselves into the corner with end of Season 2 - there simply was no plausible way how to save Sam from the undead army - so it had to be off-screen /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
850	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	Is anyone else as upset as I am with this?Others (no pun intended) may be, I'm not.$$$ too expensive...And this.  Fights are fun to watch, but the message gets sent with the remainder of the NW we see stumbling to Sam.
851	TRAVYS	2013-04-02	Samwell really gets screwed over in this scene.  HE DID HIS JOB!  At least after the initial attack. They make it sound like he just ran away and that wasn't the case at all.
852	TRAVYS	2013-04-02	It is quite obvious, as mentioned before,  It's mainly a budget issue,  and perhaps a time issue secondary.And also a writing issue.
853	Caesius	2013-04-02	Not sure why everyone is whining. They haven't shown any major battle save for Blackwater, and that one battle (Blackwater) cost them %25 increase of budget.  Money is a problem.
854	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-02	I think it's fairly obvious. 
Action shots are hard, and take time, as they have stated many times before. Match that with ICELAND, with the harsh weather and short days, and it's near impossible. Imagine trying to co ordinate over twenty people fighting in the snow with only a few hours of filming. 
The season 2 end was almost all CGI, so the problems above were, well, not problems.
855	DutchGit	2013-04-02	I dont think anyone would have expected a full blown battle full of scary looking expensive CGI wights....
But it would have been nice to have at least a bit more of a suggestion of what actually happened there. It is supposed to be horrific & terrifying butchery. Great losses were suffered. There has been no suggestion of any of this happening. (perhaps with the exception of Mormonts last line). All it needed was a few moments of darkness & mists, confusion, screams, panic and madness with a few blue eyes and red fountains.
Mormont walking up with a torch and setting it on fire was pretty lame. The series should have opened with a bang.
856	jugdesh258	2013-04-02	They didn't need a big battle, but a black screen and a few screams and sounds of clanging metal was a cheat.  Show something -- a few rangers firing fire arrows, blue lights approaching from the blinding snow, Mormont ordering a retreat.  It was overall a good episode, but the opening scene was terrible.  I've seen impressions of non-book readers who think the Night's Watch won.Yes...  big disappointment especially coming off the cliffhanger of last year.  Its like what they do in wagner opera when the grunts are changing the set between acts.  Not passible for big screen or little one
857	TRAVYS	2013-04-02	I think it's fairly obvious.Action shots are hard, and take time, as they have stated many times before. Match that with ICELAND, with the harsh weather and short days, and it's near impossible. Imagine trying to co ordinate over twenty people fighting in the snow with only a few hours of filming.The season 2 end was almost all CGI, so the problems above were, well, not problems.I never understood why they went to Iceland anyways.  The TV show makes the land north of the Wall look like the Arctic Circle and the Fist looks like a frozen lake.  So far the action beyond the Wall has been one swing and miss after another.
858	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-02	They didn't need a big battle, but a black screen and a few screams and sounds of clanging metal was a cheat.  Show something -- a few rangers firing fire arrows, blue lights approaching from the blinding snow, Mormont ordering a retreat.  It was overall a good episode, but the opening scene was terrible.  I've seen impressions of non-book readers who think the Night's Watch won.And justly so. There is no reason to think otherwise...
859	Rayn	2013-04-02	Yeah a few of my friends who didn't read the books didn't even realize a battle happened. This is a giant cop out IMO. First the completely screw up with the setting of TFOFM (It was surrounded by forest, not on top of some mountain.) and now they skip the fight entirely. It wasn't even that much of a battle, have a few rangers shooting fire arrows into some zombies or something. And what was ghost doing there? Horribly horribly done. But this means more time for Bronn and Ros/Shae! -.- The scenes they make up just seem extremely weak compared to the book scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Rayn, 02 April 2013 - 05:33 PM.
860	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Nope. I agree with King Cheops.Ghost will find Jon. He's Ghost. He's not some stupid puppy who hangs out with people who have food. There will be ravens. So many people are acting like every detail needed to be in the first hour of ten. There are nine more episodes to tell this part of the story.He's been terrible and no help to Jon so far.If the other are so badass and important, and last season was such a cliffhanger, how is that supposed to satisfy?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 02 April 2013 - 06:22 PM.
861	kevin1989	2013-04-02	You're the only one.No I'm not. I'm not comparing the show with the books every second.About the battle: I hope people know that because of scheduling the battle was shot last, so it had the last bit of the budget, probably wasn't much left. 
	Spoiler better some budget for the RW 
about ghost: Maybe they turn it that ghost felt the danger last season at the fist.
862	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	No I'm not. I'm not comparing the show with the books every second.About the battle: I hope people know that because of scheduling the battle was shot last, so it had the last bit of the budget, probably wasn't much left. 
	Spoiler better some budget for the RW 
about ghost: Maybe they turn it that ghost felt the danger last season at the fist.Well, i, aling with everyone else I know had no idea about their budget probs.  we all thought the scene was a gigantic letdown.  At least no one I know is gonna stop watching (definitely not my critical self).You are definitely championing a large minority my friend!
863	nubreed000	2013-04-02	couldn't they have shown Sam bursting into the tent with all the ravens, unlocking all the cages and sending them off, all the while there's screams, blood splattering, death and so forth going on outside/off screen? Then insert a few quick flashes of people getting cut down by Others while fading to the Fist of the First Men in the aftermath the next day (ie. bodies and blood everywhere)...then go to the main intro, and follow the intro with Sam's current scene with the White and Ghost. Would it cost a little more? Ya probably, but at least viewers wouldn't be suckered into thinking a big battle was going to happen, and there wouldn't be any confusion as to what actually transpired. And it would also send the message that the Nights Watch got destroyed and the Other threat grows even bigger.
I'm no TV production expert but if I built up a cliffhanger of an ending like that at the end of season 2, I'd at least attempt to give some sort of closure to viewers, and not going for a cop-out like they did with a black screen.
And how the hell did Sam survive anyways?
f$%&!! lol....I need to stop coming to this forum. I hate this show whenever I do, and the producers have their heads up their asses half the time.
					
					
							Edited by nubreed000, 02 April 2013 - 06:44 PM.
864	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Well, i, aling with everyone else I know had no idea about their budget probs.  we all thought the scene was a gigantic letdown.  At least no one I know is gonna stop watching (definitely not my critical self).You are definitely championing a large minority my friend!that's the point, before you complain about something, first look at the facts. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Didn't mean it rude, but personally it's annoying if everything the books are popping up. This is the tv show not the books. Yes is sad the battle wasn't in it, but everyone could have know that when season 2 ends that this was the way it was going to be, it's not the writers fault that people expect to much. Maybe I'm just too much in GoT that I found every thing I can found about it ^^And yes they could have done it differently. Personally I think the problem lies with the way is devided at the writing table. Personally I'm a fan of deviding the writing in the scenes that are needed, some are great by putting a cheap major fighting scene on screen and others are more for love scenes etc. (Like sometimes with Lost another writer helps a writer because there needed to be a scene for a certain character etc)Personally how I would have done the scene (if there were a little more budget):Was a scene after Sam was rescued. That Grenn would have saved Sam and that they were trying to find the others. There wasn't need of more burning, because Sam and Grenn (or dolores) could walk and see some dead wights on the floor (easily copying the other one) and than they were back at the group. would have been 30 seconds more.But still great scene imo, maybe not as the scene after the cliffhanger, but if the cliff of season2  was the end of episode 1 of this season and this was the beginning of episode 2, it was a great scene.
865	Nifft the Lean	2013-04-02	I didn't care if they kept to the book or filmed much in the way of a battle.  I doubted they would show how Sam managed to survive.  However, what they delivered did not do justice to the massive jeopardy situation that they set up at the end of last season.  It is not unreasonable to expect they would devote a bit of effort to the aftermath given what they left us on.
I don't get the excuse of budget constraints because even with the fade to black they could have added more sounds with orders to retreat & they did not have to go to Iceland to show some black coats buried under some fake snow with liberal red stains. Even when Sam came up on the regrouping a better verbal exchange could have helped (including leaving out questioning Sam about why he didn't magically get to the crows to send them off).  IMO even that would have been more satisfying.  However, I do think the fact that they filmed in Iceland, added Ghost to a scene he was not needed etc argues that they had plenty of money to have done something that told the story better.
As a few other people have said my non-book friends had problems with what happened too. As it stands you could think the NW won, there was no battle or the enormous host of wraiths/Others largely ignored the NW to march on the Wall/Kingdoms...
It did feel cheap, hooking you in like a spaghetti western:  episode end with hero falling off cliff.... how does he survive?.....next episode begins hero was not actually at the cliff....
866	Ampris	2013-04-02	Honestly if I hadn't known what had happened in the book I wouldn't have even known from the episode that a battle had occurred. Everyone is saying it's a letdown, lame, etc but to me it just really made no sense. The survivors could have at least mentioned "Hey Sam, while you were cowering behind a rock we just fought off an undead army" or some such.
867	A Winters Summer	2013-04-02	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I'm not upset in the least.The audience has had ten months to imagine in their head what that battle would be like, book and non-book readers alike. Not even a James Cameron/Peter Jackson coproduction budget could match what's in your head, so why waste time and money on it when there are far more important battles, dragons, more story, and more characters to spend that time and money on?Opening with a black screen (so you can imagine 10 months of thinking up all that magical stuff in your head which is always better and more scary anyway), was perfect.You want dragons, more story, more characters, more fx? Or do you want the battle at the Fist that you'll hate and complain about anyway beause "it's not like the book" or "it's not what I imagined"? Make a choice, because it's TELEVISION, yes, I know it's HBO, but it's still television, and you can't have both.How many battles that involve The Watch do you think they need anyway? If they show all of them, it will get very repetitive. It will also spoil
	Spoiler  whatever George has in mind for the Walkers later in the story.
 Whatever it is, it will be big, and shouldn't lose it's impact.Maybe Sam will tell Gilly about it, and we'll get the story that way. If we have both, it will be repetitive, but telling Gilly gives them a scene they need.We don't need to see it, because what you can imagine in your head is always better anyway. We're going to get battles. Lots of them. You're not going to get every single action and character in the books. If that's what you're expecting, stop watching unless you like being continually let down.Try letting go of your expectations and just enjoy the best show on television. Shows this good, (with this budget and source material) are rare. But hell, maybe HBO will decide it's not worth it after all and pull the plug. Then you won't have it to let you down anymore.Nope. I agree with King Cheops.Ghost will find Jon. He's Ghost. He's not some stupid puppy who hangs out with people who have food. There will be ravens. So many people are acting like every detail needed to be in the first hour of ten. There are nine more episodes to tell this part of the story.100% agree. If you want the battle of the fist, then read the scene in the books with the audio from the black intro.
868	Lord Kyle	2013-04-02	Can't believe some people are saying they aren't in the least bit let down by the lack of any kind of Slaughter at the Fist of the First Men. The Slaughter, while told in flashbacks, is easily one of the most frightening sequence in the books thus far, not the most epic or has the most action, but the most frightening. I had a strong feeling it wouldn't be included, but I didn't know they'd handle it that poorly. . .
869	Winter's Prince	2013-04-02	It doesn't matter because in season four we will see a huge battle: the Battle of Castle Black
870	Tadco26	2013-04-02	It doesn't matter because in season four we will see a huge battle: the Battle of Castle BlackOr another flash to black with some grunting and fighting sounds.Can't believe some people are saying they aren't in the least bit let down by the lack of any kind of Slaughter at the Fist of the First Men. The Slaughter, while told in flashbacks, is easily one of the most frightening sequence in the books thus far, not the most epic or has the most action, but the most frightening.I had a strong feeling it wouldn't be included, but I didn't know they'd handle it that poorly. . .While I expected the fight to be cut for budget reasons I do think they did a very poor job making the White Walkers scary.  Starting with having them walk right past Sam and ignore him in the daylight at the end of last season.  I think that ending would have worked better at night with Sam watching at a distance.  We didn't actually see the white walkers kill anyone, and as far as the show goes all we know for sure at this point is that one night's watch guy died and some how is holding his own head and one wight died to Mormont.  They were much scarier in the season 1 prologue where you don't get as good of a look at them.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 02 April 2013 - 10:56 PM.
871	MoA«t	2013-04-02	I never understood why they went to Iceland anyways.  The TV show makes the land north of the Wall look like the Arctic Circle and the Fist looks like a frozen lake.  Because as D&D have explained, it's actually cheaper to shoot on location than make a set. Besides, it looks AMAZING.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 02 April 2013 - 11:59 PM.
872	MoA«t	2013-04-02	Well, i, aling with everyone else I know had no idea about their budget probs.  we all thought the scene was a gigantic letdown.  At least no one I know is gonna stop watching (definitely not my critical self).You are definitely championing a large minority my friend!You don't speak for me. "WE" all didn't think it was a "gigantic letdown." Some of us thought it was AWESOME, including me, and all of my book and non-book friends.You're only a majority on this site perhaps. There's a lot of happy people out there, and I'm meeting a lot of them on other sites who have grown tired of all the complaining here about every. single. thing. It's getting to be rather depressing.There are a lot of people on this site, who just don't bother posting on these threads anymore because of all the constant whining, and stick to the ASOIAF/book threads. Why do you bother watching the show at all, when you clearly hate it so much? SMDH
873	teemo	2013-04-03	come on...budgetary reasons aside, they could have done SOOOOO much better than that. weak.  it would have been one thing if it was a scene that came in the middle of the season...but it was the opener from where we left off in season 2's ultra-dramatic season finale, and this is what they came up with? Personally, I'm actually not too upset about it (although I think they could have put way more effort into it), but I totally understand why so many people are, both book readers and non-book readers.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 03 April 2013 - 12:06 AM.
874	MoA«t	2013-04-03	come on...budgetary reasons aside, they could have done SOOOOO much better than that. weak.Seriously? "Budgetary reasons aside???" /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Yes, of course, how silly. Because television productions cost nothing, and have to pay no one. Actors volunteer. FX houses do charity work because no way would the FX company who did Life of Pi be put up for auction because all the FX work is getting outsourced to China.  Oh, and those Dragons were from the Westeros Animal Shelter. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
875	teemo	2013-04-03	Sorry to piss you off so much, lol. I just think when the previous season ends on such a powerful note which makes people think shit is really going to go down with these WW they hadn't seen in ages, and are really dying to know what's next, that conclusion to it in the season premiere, is well...that. like i said, if they wanted to have cut it out for budgetary reasons, that's fine, but put it in the middle of the episode or something, not open up the whole season with that. Each season premier of GoT so far has had really strong openings before the theme song, and that wasn't one of them...take a xanax or something and chill /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> didn't mean to offend you or come across like an idiot. i understand production costs money. i just think they did the very bare minimum there.  I don't think that's the best they could have done, even on a tight budget.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 03 April 2013 - 12:18 AM.
876	pleonasm	2013-04-03	Its a question of budget priorities. I think Benioff and Weiss made a big mistake in not allocating some time and money to this sequence. This episode alone was filled dozens (possibly a 100 or more) effects shots. Yes - Watching a dragon swoop down and snag a fish was "neat", but also expensive. Was it a must have? I do wonder. Especially when someone could have creatively put together a scary compelling scene to rival the prolouge sequence from the pilot. I have two issues of them skipping the fight or showing a more detailed aftermath of the fight (folks running for their lives, chaos, etc...):1. It was setup as the cliffhanger of season 2. It needed some sort of competent resolution, not Mormont and dozen extra's standing around holding a torch.2. It needed to demonstrate to the audience the Night's Watch and possibly the realm as a whole was woefully ill prepared to deal with the White Walkers and their undead army. This threat, is the real danger to the realm, and not the petty conflicts South of the wall.
877	Teren_Kanan	2013-04-03	I didn't expect the "battle" to be shown. But I certainly hoped for, and am disappointed by the lack of some horror elements of the scene. Why this is all happening during the daytime I will never understand (assuming filming there at night is difficult). It should be night time, too dark to see. At least toss some scenes out with brothers fleeing from unseen horrors, screams, maybe a quick few shots of zombies, glowing blue eyes in the distance. Just a quick scene of how awful that fight went from everyone. It didn't have to be an expensive CGI battle. Just some quick scenes of defeat and terror, barely taking up more time than the "black screen + battle sounds" did, and then move on to Sam running away.
The way it comes off in the TV show is that they fended off the undead hoard, and are now just standing around deciding what to do, instead of a madly fleeing the area as everyone is dying all around. The scene doesn't give off any urgency. And the Terror element is removed when it's in broad (albeit snowy) daylight.
And I'm nit picking here, but having Ghost attack the wight here in this throw away scene, and NOT having ghost involved in Jon vs Halfhand, feels like a slap =(
					
					
							Edited by Teren_Kanan, 03 April 2013 - 01:16 AM.
878	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	Lets all agree that for whatever reason, the battle wasn't in...it could have been done better, some of the suggestions to me seem at better and could have been shot in a soundstage or in northern island then mixed with some Iceland stuff in post,
Either way, it wasn't.
I'm a bit peeved but, life goes on.
879	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-03	As already noted, I am not that much peeved about lack of battle, but about the character assassination of Sam. I guess it is part of trope for TV - same way Jaime was done even bigger douchebag in show by murdering his nephew just so that he can murder the guard...
880	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-03	People can deny the lack of battle, but they can not deny the lack of good writing.
					
					
							Edited by ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>, 03 April 2013 - 03:37 AM.
881	protar	2013-04-03	People can deny the lack of battle, but they can not deny the lack of good writing.Sure we can. The scene was very poorly written imo. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
882	Nuttz	2013-04-03	I've been thinking today and last night that really people are overestimating the cost of this scene. Certainly it would have been an expenditure, a lot more of one than what we got, but not the unattainably huge CGI fest people are making it out to be.If they had kept Sam back at the Fist for S2 E10, they could have easily framed it around the miniplot of him getting the ravens off. This, combined with the blizzard would have meant most of it could go on in the background, and I think that the mere impression of a battle going on whilst Sam was terrifyingly running about would be very impactful. They could easily just have had one or two dozen extras made to look like a large army in all that snow. CGI would only be needed for a couple of close ups of the wights. Tricks like men getting ripped apart by zombies are surprisingly easy to do and a quick search on youtube will demonstrate that such rigs can be pulled off well for under 50 pounds. Which is peanuts compared to the millions that they spend on each episode. If they really wanted to splash out they could have had the zombear attack Sam before being driven off by the NW. Presumably they would simply have had to hire out Bart the Bear (who'll be appearing in E8.) for a couple more days and use the same CGI enhancement they use on the Direwolves. If that's too much then a simple wight would be fine. Zombear would be a luxury item.So in conclusion, it would be expensive, but hardly unfeasible and probably not that much more costly than stuff we've already had in previous episodes. We've had CGI heavy scenes and we've had fights with a couple dozen extras. I think what probably happened here is that rather than exercising a little creativity, D+D simply panicked and immediately assumed there was no way they could afford it and so we just got the current deal.Refer to my previous post (page 3). You don't really have a grasp on how expensive it is to shoot any kind of scene for this show in particular. Even if all they showed was Sam returning the camp and sending the ravens (no fighting, just the sounds of it as Sam finds the raven cage), then that involves, like you said, one to two dozen extras which is very costly, even more so if you add in named characters such as Mormont, Grenn, Ed and Rast. Then they would need to pay for animal handlers for all of the ravens, which would be a considerable amount or risk it looking underwhelming. Even then, I'm not entirely sure what the laws are with having animals on film sets in such extreme conditions. It might not even be possible for them to shoot ravens (or crows) legally in Iceland, so in that case they would need to do it as CGI, which is of course even more expensive. Then of course that scene I just described is much more shot/blocking intensive than we got, so that would extend the shooting hours/days.Sure we can. The scene was very poorly written imo. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I think it was pretty well written. The dialogue was pretty great and everything was in line with the characters from the show (and for the most part the book too). I also thought many of the decisions made to keep the costs down were pretty ingenius and worked on multiple levels. Like someone already said, Sam not sending the ravens gives him a more established arc for this season as well as keeping the costs down as we don't have to see him do it. The blizzard added some intensity to the scene and likely made it much easier to shoot once the steup was actually done. My only real complaint was that we didn't see how the hell Sam got away from that massive army of wights/white walkers, but the writers had the impossibly task of showing that without a massive army and at as low a cost as possible. Hopefully we'll get an explanation later on.As for Mormont being unfair in his chiding of Sam for not sending the ravens, am I mistaken or did Grenn and Ed make it back to the fist in time for the battle? In that case, Sam could have too. It's only his fault that he fucked up and tripped, then decided to hide behind a rock. If he kept up with the other two then he could have made it to the Fist and sent the ravens.
					
					
							Edited by Nuttz, 03 April 2013 - 06:00 AM.
883	Lady KotLT	2013-04-03	I didn't expect to see the battle - just the aftermath - but I thought the television was broken when it opened to black. I was at first excited, then confused to see Ghost. Yay! Direwolf - wait, what?... and then the Sam didn't let the ravens bit. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />   Whyyyy. I love Sam. I love how he let them fly if even messageless. That was beautiful writing for me. It's when you really begin to realize that, hey, Sam's not a craven and you're lucky to have him.... /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> This was exactly my reaction!!
884	protar	2013-04-03	Refer to my previous post (page 3). You don't really have a grasp on how expensive it is to shoot any kind of scene for this show in particular. Even if all they showed was Sam returning the camp and sending the ravens (no fighting, just the sounds of it as Sam finds the raven cage), then that involves, like you said, one to two dozen extras which is very costly, even more so if you add in named characters such as Mormont, Grenn, Ed and Rast. Then they would need to pay for animal handlers for all of the ravens, which would be a considerable amount or risk it looking underwhelming. Even then, I'm not entirely sure what the laws are with having animals on film sets in such extreme conditions. It might not even be possible for them to shoot ravens (or crows) legally in Iceland, so in that case they would need to do it as CGI, which is of course even more expensive. Then of course that scene I just described is much more shot/blocking intensive than we got, so that would extend the shooting hours/days.I think it was pretty well written. The dialogue was pretty great and everything was in line with the characters from the show (and for the most part the book too). I also thought many of the decisions made to keep the costs down were pretty ingenius and worked on multiple levels. Like someone already said, Sam not sending the ravens gives him a more established arc for this season as well as keeping the costs down as we don't have to see him do it. The blizzard added some intensity to the scene and likely made it much easier to shoot once the steup was actually done. My only real complaint was that we didn't see how the hell Sam got away from that massive army of wights/white walkers, but the writers had the impossibly task of showing that without a massive army and at as low a cost as possible. Hopefully we'll get an explanation later on.As for Mormont being unfair in his chiding of Sam for not sending the ravens, am I mistaken or did Grenn and Ed make it back to the fist in time for the battle? In that case, Sam could have too. It's only his fault that he fucked up and tripped, then decided to hide behind a rock. If he kept up with the other two then he could have made it to the Fist and sent the ravens.I never said it wouldn't be expensive, I'm just saying that I think people elevate the battle to unattainable levels when I don't think it would be. Saying that it would be impossible to have ravens in Iceland is pure assumption and the cost of animal handlers for a couple of ravens would be no more than the cost of the animal handler for Ghost, so that in itself is not an additional cost. The CGI budget would not be much more than what we actually got as only a few closeups of Wights would be needed and tbh a couple of the CGI shots in this episode could easily be sacrificed in exchange for more CGI at the start. Replace the Manticore with a run of the mill assassination attempt, a couple less shots of the dragons and viola extra budget for the Fist. The only major cost would be the dozen or so extras.As for the writing I felt that the scene felt a bit disjointed and it didn't really clearly explain what had gone on with the NW. And it failed to follow up on the promise made by the S2 finale.
885	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-03	Sure we can. The scene was very poorly written imo. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />We have the same opinion on that.
886	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-03	I think it was pretty well written. The dialogue was pretty great and everything was in line with the characters from the show (and for the most part the book too). I also thought many of the decisions made to keep the costs down were pretty ingenius and worked on multiple levels. Like someone already said, Sam not sending the ravens gives him a more established arc for this season as well as keeping the costs down as we don't have to see him do it. The blizzard added some intensity to the scene and likely made it much easier to shoot once the steup was actually done. My only real complaint was that we didn't see how the hell Sam got away from that massive army of wights/white walkers, but the writers had the impossibly task of showing that without a massive army and at as low a cost as possible. Hopefully we'll get an explanation later on.A black screen with few battle cries is not good writing in my opinion. It is way too cheap (not only from the money view).
887	Nuttz	2013-04-03	I never said it wouldn't be expensive, I'm just saying that I think people elevate the battle to unattainable levels when I don't think it would be. Saying that it would be impossible to have ravens in Iceland is pure assumption and the cost of animal handlers for a couple of ravens would be no more than the cost of the animal handler for Ghost, so that in itself is not an additional cost. The CGI budget would not be much more than what we actually got as only a few closeups of Wights would be needed and tbh a couple of the CGI shots in this episode could easily be sacrificed in exchange for more CGI at the start. Replace the Manticore with a run of the mill assassination attempt, a couple less shots of the dragons and viola extra budget for the Fist. The only major cost would be the dozen or so extras.As for the writing I felt that the scene felt a bit disjointed and it didn't really clearly explain what had gone on with the NW. And it failed to follow up on the promise made by the S2 finale.Oh it most certainly would not have been at an unattainable level, jsut that it would not have been worth it. Having ravens in Iceland isn't just assumption, they're not native animals to that climate and they could seriously be in danger. The cost of having a handler for the wolf would have been much lower as they would have shot everything for the wolf in a studio in Ireland in front of a green screen, rather than in Iceland. Would have taken much less time and be less any extra costs for any extra expenses.Impossible to say how much CGI they would use on the wights, they could have just used extras in prosthetics (or in costume like the axe-wielding wight we saw). Either way it would have been quite expensive to have a large amount on screen. I do agree that they could have cut out some of the other CGI shots in the episode and put the budget into the battle, but I think the budget was better spent elsewhere (with the exception of the manticore). Showing the battle, while being an awesome and heart-pumping introduction to the season, isn't really all that relevant in the long run. I think it's more important to show the giants and dragons, but that's just my opinion really.Even not counting any of this, the fact is that adding in the battle scene would have required at least double the shooting time. I've heard they're pretty filled up so I'm not sure if they have the time in the schedual to add even an extra day or two to shooting.A black screen with few battle cries is not good writing in my opinion. It is way too cheap (not only from the money view).That's technically not the same scene as the one with Sam and co, so not the one I was talking about. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But yeah, I definitely wouldn't call it bad writing, I wouldn't call it great writing. It's just there to connect the end of last season to the beginning of this one. There's not a whole lot of leeway there with regards to writing it, considering the budget.
					
					
							Edited by Nuttz, 03 April 2013 - 07:37 AM.
888	Mulled Wino	2013-04-03	You don't speak for me. "WE" all didn't think it was a "gigantic letdown." Some of us thought it was AWESOME, including me, and all of my book and non-book friends.You're only a majority on this site perhaps. There's a lot of happy people out there, and I'm meeting a lot of them on other sites who have grown tired of all the complaining here about every. single. thing. It's getting to be rather depressing.There are a lot of people on this site, who just don't bother posting on these threads anymore because of all the constant whining, and stick to the ASOIAF/book threads. Why do you bother watching the show at all, when you clearly hate it so much? SMDHDo I know you?  I clearly said people I know.  Please show me how the hell you think I said Someone is very sensitive.Im a book reader,  i'm hyper critical of the show.  Ill give credit where i think its dederved.  I dont care about giving a pass to the show becausd of things like "it was rainy that day" or "iceland is too cold" or any of that crap.This site probably isnt the best place to get all sensitive to show critiques considering that many of the posters have read the books multiple times before the tv show ever started.As far as the show defenders go, they should love me.  No way im not going to watch it.
889	Reposado	2013-04-03	1. It was setup as the cliffhanger of season 2. It needed some sort of competent resolution, not Mormont and dozen extra's standing around holding a torch.2. It needed to demonstrate to the audience the Night's Watch and possibly the realm as a whole was woefully ill prepared to deal with the White Walkers and their undead army. This threat, is the real danger to the realm, and not the petty conflicts South of the wall.this exactly. it was an important scene to get right. the one that we got didnt need to be a grand battle, it would have been nice if it had seemed as if mormont and co had seemed to feel a little fear, haste, somethingYou're only a majority on this site perhaps. There's a lot of happy people out there, and I'm meeting a lot of them on other sites who have grown tired of all the complaining here about every. single. thing. It's getting to be rather depressing.There are a lot of people on this site, who just don't bother posting on these threads anymore because of all the constant whining, and stick to the ASOIAF/book threads.Why do you bother watching the show at all, when you clearly hate it so much? SMDHive suggested before that there should be a subforum for uncritical applause. until that happens, you will find that people here will make fair observations of the show, and some unfair ones
890	-Ghost-	2013-04-03	I left season 2 thinking, "oh shit, how is Sam gonna escape this!?". After episode 1 of season 3, I still dont know. They didnt explain anything. Are we supposed to believe he just magically out ran all these zombies or they felt bad for him but yet try to kill him 2 min later?
Season 2 never should have ended like it did. It seems to me like they werent even thinking about how Sam would escape while they were filming season 2 and just said fuck it.
891	nubreed000	2013-04-03	Seriously? "Budgetary reasons aside???" /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Yes, of course, how silly. Because television productions cost nothing, and have to pay no one. Actors volunteer. FX houses do charity work because no way would the FX company who did Life of Pi be put up for auction because all the FX work is getting outsourced to China.  Oh, and those Dragons were from the Westeros Animal Shelter. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> stop using "budget" as a crutch for piss poor performance.
892	protar	2013-04-03	Oh it most certainly would not have been at an unattainable level, jsut that it would not have been worth it. Having ravens in Iceland isn't just assumption, they're not native animals to that climate and they could seriously be in danger. The cost of having a handler for the wolf would have been much lower as they would have shot everything for the wolf in a studio in Ireland in front of a green screen, rather than in Iceland. Would have taken much less time and be less any extra costs for any extra expenses.They don't have ravens in iceland? How do they send messages? In any case we still don't know for sure whether or not ravens would have been allowed on set and if the worst came to the worst they could have just filmed Sam getting the ravens off in Ireland in like one day.Impossible to say how much CGI they would use on the wights, they could have just used extras in prosthetics (or in costume like the axe-wielding wight we saw). Either way it would have been quite expensive to have a large amount on screen. I do agree that they could have cut out some of the other CGI shots in the episode and put the budget into the battle, but I think the budget was better spent elsewhere (with the exception of the manticore). Showing the battle, while being an awesome and heart-pumping introduction to the season, isn't really all that relevant in the long run. I think it's more important to show the giants and dragons, but that's just my opinion really.Like I said in my previous posts we wouldn't need to have a load of fully CGI'ed and prostheticed up Wights on screen, the blizzard could act as a good means of disguising ordinary extras as Wights.Now I agree that showing the Giants and Dragons is important. But the Giant would not have needed any CGI, I got the impression that was all just prosthetics and perspective shots and I'm damn pleased at how well that turned out. As for the dragons we could still show them, just not as much.Personally I think that having an awesome and heart-pumping introduction to the season (especially after promising such) is important. The main complaint I've seen with this episode is that it was slow. Opening it with a bang like that along with a few tweaks elsewhere would have remedied that.Even not counting any of this, the fact is that adding in the battle scene would have required at least double the shooting time. I've heard they're pretty filled up so I'm not sure if they have the time in the schedual to add even an extra day or two to shooting.Well I'll admit that I don't know much about how pressed or not they were for time, though it seems unlikely to me that they couldn't squeeze in another couple of days. A source on shooting schedules would be nice if possible /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> .
893	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-03	stop using "budget" as a crutch for piss poor performance. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I miss the budgetless quality of the first season.
894	elmis	2013-04-03	The opening was a huge let down, specially given the cliffhanger finale we had at the end of season two.
Was Sam running away from the battle after hiding behind the rock, or was he running towards the Fist after the Wrights? I assume the latter, but we were given no clues as to why he would do that. If he was panting and saying to himself "I gotta send the Ravens", then we'd at least have some motivation for him running (the one thing he hates the most, except for everything else that hurts) towards the scene of a battle with undead. If he was running away from the battle, then how come Mormont and the crew found him?
I don't know how much it would have cost to at least show some clips, between the black screen, showing the men fighting undead, but they should have spent money on that. If that is more money than they have, they should get someone other than D&D to negotiate with the HBO exces.
At any rate, the guy deciding to spend money on Drogon roasting a fish and not a rotting bear standing on it's hind legs should be fired.
Other nitpicks;
I thought what had happened at Harrenhal could have been explained better. Looked like a battle? Would perhaps have been better if they found them all in the cells or pits slaughtered.
I doubt Bronn would have been able to kill two Kingsguard in full plate - even if they are sub-par knights and the TV version of Bronn has gotten a serious powerboost. I also kinda doubt Bronn or TV Bronn would even risk his life like that. What would he have gained from it, should he had managed to kill them?
I also didn't like the Barristan Kenobi / kid assassin switch that the director tried to pull on us. Might have worked better with non-readers though.
The rest of the episode was very good. Charles Dance continues to impress!
895	Nuttz	2013-04-03	They don't have ravens in iceland? How do they send messages? In any case we still don't know for sure whether or not ravens would have been allowed on set and if the worst came to the worst they could have just filmed Sam getting the ravens off in Ireland in like one day.Like I said in my previous posts we wouldn't need to have a load of fully CGI'ed and prostheticed up Wights on screen, the blizzard could act as a good means of disguising ordinary extras as Wights.Now I agree that showing the Giants and Dragons is important. But the Giant would not have needed any CGI, I got the impression that was all just prosthetics and perspective shots and I'm damn pleased at how well that turned out. As for the dragons we could still show them, just not as much.Personally I think that having an awesome and heart-pumping introduction to the season (especially after promising such) is important. The main complaint I've seen with this episode is that it was slow. Opening it with a bang like that along with a few tweaks elsewhere would have remedied that.Well I'll admit that I don't know much about how pressed or not they were for time, though it seems unlikely to me that they couldn't squeeze in another couple of days. A source on shooting schedules would be nice if possible /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> .Apart from the ravens (which I'm not entirely sure about and can't really be bothered to research), this is all from experience. I've obviously never worked on the show (although here's hoping /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) but I know roughly the costs of a lot of these things. They vary from country to country but generally not by too much. Iceland would have a larger general shooting cost considering they would need to pay for transportation, generators for any power supply, and extra grips to transport the equipment. Then on top of that you ahve the cost of CGI/extras and any professionals such as an armourer or stunt coordinators needed to actually do a battle. Having a blizzard wouldn't disguise stuff as much as you would think. It would have to be pretty thick in order to conceal a great amount, in which case you would have trouble seeing the actual subject of the frame.As for scheduling, I know that a normal, professional film crew could film a 3-5 minute scene in a day or two, depending on its complexity. Given that Iceland has considerably short days during the time when they film, plus the fact that if it were a battle scene it would complicate matters - it would be adding a few extra days to the shooting. They've said that they're pretty much full up as far as schedule goes and that's why they can't do more than 10 episodes a season, so they may not be able to do a few extra days shooting logistically. I could be wrong there though.This is all budget stuff anyway which is largely irrelevant. I know you're saying that they should have taken some of the budget from the rest of the season and put it here, and that may be true. We'll have to wait and see if there's any pointless, costly scenes in the rest of the season. If there is, then I'll agree with you. Like I said though, I thoguht the manticore maybe could have been removed, but obviously that's not gonna pay for the Battle at the Fist.Glad you agreed about the giant though, he looked awesome. I thought they were doing them like the wolves (green screen and putting them over the shot), but it didn't look like it at all there.
896	elmis	2013-04-03	Just to put the raven discussion at an end, there are ravens in Iceland:http://upload.wikime...s_corax_map.jpgEdit: This picture is even taken in Iceland:http://upload.wikime...92/Krummi_1.jpg
					
					
							Edited by elmis, 03 April 2013 - 09:22 AM.
897	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Personally I would have preferred they do the end of last season completely different.  Have it be night time, back at the fist of first men with Sam and the others doing whatever there.  Horn blows 3 times, Sam tells them that means the White Walkers, and either fade to black or have a bunch of blue eyed silloutes approaching the fist in the night.
Next season starts:
Frantic movement and panic around the camp.  Mormont tells Sam to send the ravens, and he runs to go do that, but when he opens the cage they escape and fly off before he has a chance to attach the messages.  Use the money saved from not showing the CGI undead "army" at the end of last season to show some of them advancing on the Fist even if it is just black shapes with blue eyes in the night.  Fade to black as some one yells that they are being over run, and you hear Mormont yell to retreat, with screams and cries.  Cut to Sam running thru the snow, and continue on similar to how the show actually did.  They don't actually have to show any of the battle to do a much better job of implying what happened.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 09:41 AM.
898	protar	2013-04-03	I do have to wonder why, if Iceland was so expensive a troublesome did they choose to film there? It certainly looks very beautiful and cinematic, but it's not like there aren't other such places. Hell, Ireland can look pretty stunning itself and it looks a lot closer to Beyond the Wall does in the books. And indeed the scenes in the Haunted Forest where shot in Ireland and the Fist is supposed to be nestled within that. So I guess this can be blamed on D+D's decision to go with somewhere very pretty rather than somewhere practical and somewhat pretty. But even in Iceland I'd still say it could have been done, especially with that little tidbit about the ravens, thank you Elmis.
899	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-03	Personally I would have preferred they do the end of last season completely different.  Have it be night time, back at the fist of first men with Sam and the others doing whatever there.  Horn blows 3 times, Sam tells them that means the White Walkers, and either fade to black or have a bunch of blue eyed silloutes approaching the fist in the night.Next season starts:Frantic movement and panic around the camp.  Mormont tells Sam to send the ravens, and he runs to go do that, but when he opens the cage they escape and fly off before he has a chance to attach the messages.  Use the money saved from not showing the CGI undead "army" at the end of last season to show some of them advancing on the Fist even if it is just black shapes with blue eyes in the night.  Fade to black as some one yells that they are being over run, and you hear Mormont yell to retreat, with screams and cries.  Cut to Sam running thru the snow, and continue on similar to how the show actually did.  They don't actually have to show any of the battle to do a much better job of implying what happened.Actually, that would be pretty creepy.
900	a shadow	2013-04-03	Season 2 never should have ended like it did. It seems to me like they werent even thinking about how Sam would escape while they were filming season 2 and just said fuck it.And where did that army go? Evaporated upon rooster crowing three times? Turned left and then left again to go back walking in circles for a few years the plot requires them again? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> If we are meant t believe that handful of NW brothers dealt with that army and the Walkers leading them, then why are they presented as a treat at all? If a group of unprepared freezing men took them out in a fight with a ratio 1:100(0)?
901	shiola	2013-04-03	How much more would it have cost for them to have bodies of NW men on the ground around the survivors, when Old Bear and Sam were talking?  Honestly?  Just to show that a slaughter occured?
902	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Well that part actually does make sense, because assuming that like the book they lost and retreated (though the show doesn't make that particularly clear) the bodies would be back on the fist, or reanimated as wights, not where ever they retreated to.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
903	protar	2013-04-03	At the very least they could have shown images of the carnage at the fist. Or they could have had Sam come across the Zombear rather than a run of the mill wight. That still wouldn't solve the disjointedness of the scene but it would at least be impressive and probably wouldn't be too difficult to do with Bart the Bear and a greenscreen.
904	shiola	2013-04-03	But how would any non-book reader know that they retreated?  I just don't think the battle was adequately explained at all.  I'm just happy I re-read aSoS before the season started.
905	Tadco26	2013-04-03	No I agree that it wasn't explained well at all, but we almost have to believe they retreated, mainly based on what happened in the book, because if they didn't retreat it would imply they won.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 10:19 AM.
906	Daske	2013-04-03	Might be wrong, but I'm assuming there will be a much smaller scale confrontation still to come between the Night's Watch and Wights/WWs in the next episode or so, and we will see some of the fighting action there. If they couldn't afford the larger battle or multiple fights they may be going for the smaller scale one? Could be a running battle while retreating or an attack at Craster's. Maybe anyway.
907	Lady KotLT	2013-04-03	My family have not read the books and were confused as to what happened there.  My mum thought the Nights Watch won the battle and my Dad was still waiting for all the White walker's army to attack them.  It wasn't explained well at all. It went from a black screen to the sun rising, the white walkers are suppose to come out at night but it wasn't clear, they could've at least said "we survived this night". They could've added Ravens and flapping wings to the sounds at the begining. I was expecting it to be a very dark terrifying opening scene at least.
908	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Might be wrong, but I'm assuming there will be a much smaller scale confrontation still to come between the Night's Watch and Wights/WWs in the next episode or so, and we will see some of the fighting action there. If they couldn't afford the larger battle or multiple fights they may be going for the smaller scale one? Could be a running battle while retreating or an attack at Craster's. Maybe anyway.There is a decent chance we will get some variation of the Sam the Slayer scene still, but I don't expect any thing bigger than that.  Of course depending on how they do that it may be counter productive, because they just haven't made the white walkers that scary so far, or given enough clues for a non-reader to even say they didn't lose to the night's watch at the Fist beyond Mormont saying that if they didn't get back to the wall then everyone they knew would die.  Without the slaughter at the fist of first men, Sam killing one may not seem like such a big deal and may even further reduce the sense of threat to the viewers.
909	kevin1989	2013-04-03	Or another flash to black with some grunting and fighting sounds.While I expected the fight to be cut for budget reasons I do think they did a very poor job making the White Walkers scary.  Starting with having them walk right past Sam and ignore him in the daylight at the end of last season.  I think that ending would have worked better at night with Sam watching at a distance.  We didn't actually see the white walkers kill anyone, and as far as the show goes all we know for sure at this point is that one night's watch guy died and some how is holding his own head and one wight died to Mormont.  They were much scarier in the season 1 prologue where you don't get as good of a look at them.It's already know that the battle at the wall will be a bigger battle than BW.And about the WW, Personally I found them scary.
910	kevin1989	2013-04-03	At the very least they could have shown images of the carnage at the fist. Or they could have had Sam come across the Zombear rather than a run of the mill wight. That still wouldn't solve the disjointedness of the scene but it would at least be impressive and probably wouldn't be too difficult to do with Bart the Bear and a greenscreen.You know that Jon is going to visit the fist next episode?
911	protar	2013-04-03	You know that Jon is going to visit the fist next episode?I do, but there seems little point in starting off so confusingly. It doesn't really add anything to the opening and left a bad taste in a lot of people's mouthes.
912	shiola	2013-04-03	Sam the Slayer didn't happen at the battle at the Fist, so I don't know why people keep bringing it up.  It happened after when they were walking back to the Wall, which is where the show is at now.  Sam the Slayer will happen soon.
913	Young Nan	2013-04-03	I left season 2 thinking, "oh shit, how is Sam gonna escape this!?". After episode 1 of season 3, I still dont know. They didnt explain anything. Are we supposed to believe he just magically out ran all these zombies or they felt bad for him but yet try to kill him 2 min later?Season 2 never should have ended like it did. It seems to me like they werent even thinking about how Sam would escape while they were filming season 2 and just said fuck it.Exactly!  The white walker looked right at him.  Was the WW was just like, fuck it, this dude is fat, me and these 500+ wights are just gonna ignore him? And why was ghost there?Budget aside, the scene was poorly executed, didn't make sense, and ignored a majorly expensive cliffhanger from season two.And to all those who claim budgetary reasons- I get it, they couldn't afford another big battle.  But that doesn't mean they didn't missappropriate the budget on bullshit.  The scene where Dany's dragon catches a fish was probably expensive, and could have been used for a minor battle, or at least SOMETHING other than a black screen.Also, characters like "Ros".   Imagine how much more time HBO could have if they didn't create an unecessary whore character whose sole purpose in the show is to have boobs, and show them.  I guess they have to cater to the "i'm watching this show for the boobs" audience, but still.Bad decisions, IMO.
914	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Sam the Slayer didn't happen at the battle at the Fist, so I don't know why people keep bringing it up.  It happened after when they were walking back to the Wall, which is where the show is at now.  Sam the Slayer will happen soon.It should happen soon, which is why I said we have a decent chance of seeing a variation of it still.  The show has changed enough other things that I can't assume that there is no chance that they cut it or completely re-write it though.
915	TRAVYS	2013-04-03	And where did that army go? Evaporated upon rooster crowing three times? Turned left and then left again to go back walking in circles for a few years the plot requires them again? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> If we are meant t believe that handful of NW brothers dealt with that army and the Walkers leading them, then why are they presented as a treat at all? If a group of unprepared freezing men took them out in a fight with a ratio 1:100(0)?One not familiar with the books could easily come away with the impression the NW won the skirmish with the WW's.  And why is the Lord Commander giving that speech there?  Hasn't his ragged band of Black Brothers been together since escaping the Fist? Typical TV writing.
916	kevin1989	2013-04-03	I do, but there seems little point in starting off so confusingly. It doesn't really add anything to the opening and left a bad taste in a lot of people's mouthes.I think every smart person would have know that this was the best that they could have get. Wanted to get more is just ignorant imo. It's a TV show not a movie, even movies can't have the amount of action that people want this season, except maybe Peter Jackson.About dragon scene: the dragons are in someway characters of the show, they need screentime before episode 4 to have some impact what will happen there. and about ross, She's covering a lot of other characters, so they safe some budget here. About winning battle. The speech isn't there for nothing, Mormont clearly stated that they need to get south to warn them. Why warn people when they won? Next episode we will get some more info i guess, that the WW still lives etc. And maybe even that they only come when it's getting dark.
917	Tadco26	2013-04-03	I think every smart person would have know that this was the best that they could have get. Wanted to get more is just ignorant imo. It's a TV show not a movie, even movies can't have the amount of action that people want this season, except maybe Peter Jackson.No battle was expected by me, but to say that there is no way they could have handled it any better is certainly misleading.  Part of the problem is how poorly they ended last season with Sam surrounded and inexplicably surviving.Like I said earlier, personally I would have preferred they do the end of last season completely different.  Have it be night time, back at the fist of first men with Sam and the others doing whatever there.  Horn blows 3 times, Sam tells them that means the White Walkers, and either fade to black or have a bunch of blue eyed dark silloutes approaching the fist in the night.Next season starts:Frantic movement and panic around the camp.  Mormont tells Sam to send the ravens, and he runs to go do that, but when he opens the cage they escape and fly off before he has a chance to attach the messages.  Use the money saved from not showing the CGI undead "army" at the end of last season to show some of them advancing on the Fist even if it is just black shapes with blue eyes in the night.  Fade to black as some one yells that they are being over run, and you hear Mormont yell to retreat, with screams and cries.  Cut to Sam running thru the snow, and continue on similar to how the show actually did.  It's hard to imagine a variation of that scene being THAT cost prohibitive since you wouldn't actually see a battle or even need detailed CGI for the White Walkers, just glowing blue eyed figures advancing in the dark.Worst case scenario they could have just had Mormont fill in some of the blanks after killing the wight that was attacking Sam.  Something like Mormont:"Sam your alive!  We thought we had lost you when the walkers over ran us.  Did you send the ravens out?"Sam:  "NNNooo.. I was with Gren and Dolorous Ed and then the wights surrounded me.  I hid and luckily they passed me by.  I have been running ever since."Mormont:  "We lost most of our force when the White Walkers attacked, and they are still pursuing us.  Since you weren't able to send out any ravens, we need to get back to the wall as soon as possible or everyone we know will die."They don't actually have to show any of the battle to do a much better job of implying what happened.
918	Ampris	2013-04-03	My family have not read the books and were confused as to what happened there.  My mum thought the Nights Watch won the battle and my Dad was still waiting for all the White walker's army to attack them.  It wasn't explained well at all. It went from a black screen to the sun rising, the white walkers are suppose to come out at night but it wasn't clear, they could've at least said "we survived this night". They could've added Ravens and flapping wings to the sounds at the begining. I was expecting it to be a very dark terrifying opening scene at least.Exactly, like I said yesterday - if you haven't read the books there's no way you would have any clue what just happened. I have read the books and I was still confused at first as to what this scene was supposed to portray. When I realized that it was after the battle all I was left with was a "wtf?!" feeling. Bodies, dialogue, whatever - SOMETHING could have been used to indicate a battle had occurred.
919	a shadow	2013-04-03	I think every smart person would have know that this was the best that they could have get. Not in the truthful and believable narration departament. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I think they just enjoyed themselves with a big scene in the end of last season, but had no smarts how to follow up. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
920	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-03	About winning battle. The speech isn't there for nothing, Mormont clearly stated that they need to get south to warn them. Why warn people when they won? Next episode we will get some more info i guess, that the WW still lives etc. And maybe even that they only come when it's getting dark.It ain't that clear. Was there a battle? Did Mormont et al just sortie out to get Sam out? Did the zombies pass by? Did they attack?Of course I know what was supposed to happen, I did read the book, but the scene was pretty unclear.
921	Lady KotLT	2013-04-03	Exactly, like I said yesterday - if you haven't read the books there's no way you would have any clue what just happened. I have read the books and I was still confused at first as to what this scene was supposed to portray. When I realized that it was after the battle all I was left with was a "wtf?!" feeling. Bodies, dialogue, whatever - SOMETHING could have been used to indicate a battle had occurred.I know Ghost being there really threw me. I had to explain to my family what had happened at the fist afterwards because they were looking for all the Wights and WW.I suppose they are waiting for us to see the aftermath when Mance and Co get to the fist... This is the first time i'm watching the show after reading the books, it will be an interesting season(my poor tv is going to bare the brunt of it though /box.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':box:' /> )! I do think the opening could've been better though.
922	Delmas	2013-04-03	the scene was bad
923	kevin1989	2013-04-03	@Tadco26:You know that they can't save money from a last season? you have a budget per season. If you don't use it all. You're not going to get what's left for next season. And yes they could handle it better. Maybe it was better to have cut when Sam saw the wights. And wait when Jon visited the fist next episode. We think they're all dead. Than we see that sam lives. But they need to write something.Not in the truthful and believable narration departament. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I think they just enjoyed themselves with a big scene in the end of last season, but had no smarts how to follow up. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Personally I liked the way that they didn't show the battle. That way it remains a mystery how they fight, and it will be more epic once the real battle with the white walkers occure. And for not showing that there was a battle. People have blood over their face, and I liked it that you don't see the body's before Jon's chapter. If they had shown the battle, people would be moaning about that scene, because "we already know, there was a battle, people died."It ain't that clear. Was there a battle? Did Mormont et al just sortie out to get Sam out? Did the zombies pass by? Did they attack?Of course I know what was supposed to happen, I did read the book, but the scene was pretty unclear.Did you watch the same episode, because as far as I heard, Mormont stated there was a big battle, and that most had died. As far as I know he isn't a liar. I think it's a beautiful thing we didn't had the battle. Now the Mystery remains. and showing the battle, would also made some thing worse, like when we have the big battle at the end of the series, we would have had, already saw that on screen boring.But why not be happy, that they saved money for more important things? like the RW that doesn't have a second run in the show. A battle with the others we have.
924	Dumptruck	2013-04-03	I really need to fact check, the wights seem to have left Sam alone as he had no weapon drew. Again I'm spitballing mostly can any body recall a wight attacking unarmed Crows or Wildlings? Maybe this means nothing or I'm mistaken - just the sort of thing that would not be shocking with GRRM's penchant for they grey areas.
					
					
							Edited by Dumptruck, 03 April 2013 - 07:24 PM.
925	juanml82	2013-04-03	Regarding budget, let's keep in mind what they already have:
The 3d model for the wights and white walkers
A bear, to be used with Brienne, either real or cgi, only that's not in Iceland
The NW actors
The location
A full blown battle would be expensive. Five to ten flashes of close ups of the battle in the dark it's not.
They'll need one more day of shooting. Costly, but well, they are already shooting.
The lightning will be tricky, but I guess they are paying top notch DPs.
Several extras, but not many, because it will be close ups.
The actors are already there, and so is the crew, props, etc. It's one more day of salary.
A bunch of wights and a white walker. The models are already done and paid for. They have to animate them and render them. Costly, but they only need 2-4 seconds of them and, since it's in the dark and probably during a blizzard, they don't really need a top notch job. 'Just works' would be unnoticeable in such a short, dark, shot.
Maybe a flaming arrow or two against the sky, in the dark. They don't even need to do that in Iceland and they have done similar shots during the season. Heck, if money is tight, reuse some of the shots made during Blackwater Bay.
The bear, if real, in Ireland. If CGI, already paid for - animate and render a second of it. If real, a couple hours to make it 'act' shortly in front of a chroma screen (in Ireland), or just shoot dark in the open. Again, it's a second at so nobody will get to have a good look at it.
					
					
							Edited by juanml82, 03 April 2013 - 07:42 PM.
926	GameofThronesFanatic#42	2013-04-03	How is everyone so sure we won't see the battle in flashbacks?  It seemed to me that Sam was in shock.  Maybe they'll do flashbacks when he relays what happened to Gilly & is forced to deal with it himself for the first time.  Did anyone from the show officially say they didn't film anything here?  The build up at season 2 end...they'd have to know this would cause everyone to cry foul!
927	Springs09	2013-04-03	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />I'm not upset in the least.The audience has had ten months to imagine in their head what that battle would be like, book and non-book readers alike. Not even a James Cameron/Peter Jackson coproduction budget could match what's in your head, so why waste time and money on it when there are far more important battles, dragons, more story, and more characters to spend that time and money on?Opening with a black screen (so you can imagine 10 months of thinking up all that magical stuff in your head which is always better and more scary anyway), was perfect.You want dragons, more story, more characters, more fx? Or do you want the battle at the Fist that you'll hate and complain about anyway beause "it's not like the book" or "it's not what I imagined"? Make a choice, because it's TELEVISION, yes, I know it's HBO, but it's still television, and you can't have both.How many battles that involve The Watch do you think they need anyway? If they show all of them, it will get very repetitive. It will also spoil
	Spoiler  whatever George has in mind for the Walkers later in the story.
 Whatever it is, it will be big, and shouldn't lose it's impact.Maybe Sam will tell Gilly about it, and we'll get the story that way. If we have both, it will be repetitive, but telling Gilly gives them a scene they need.We don't need to see it, because what you can imagine in your head is always better anyway. We're going to get battles. Lots of them. You're not going to get every single action and character in the books. If that's what you're expecting, stop watching unless you like being continually let down.Try letting go of your expectations and just enjoy the best show on television. Shows this good, (with this budget and source material) are rare. But hell, maybe HBO will decide it's not worth it after all and pull the plug. Then you won't have it to let you down anymore.Nope. I agree with King Cheops.Ghost will find Jon. He's Ghost. He's not some stupid puppy who hangs out with people who have food. There will be ravens. So many people are acting like every detail needed to be in the first hour of ten. There are nine more episodes to tell this part of the story.That's crap.The Walking Dead have zombie fights every episode. It would not cost nor would it take money away from the Red Wedding or Castle Black, which will be next season anyway. One scene, probably a minute at best. Edd makes it back to warn Mormont. Wights attack (it can be dark only need to see a few), they fail to kill a few, some of the Watch are killed, Mormont orders a barrier of fire and then they retreat. Don't see how it would be anymore expensive than the ridiculous shot of hundreds of them last season. They clearly didn't think that through.The scene they had made no sense. Especially after last season. How they hell did Sam escape? How the hell did Mormont expect him to send the ravens when he wasn't even at the Fist? Hundreds of wights disappeared? Yeah we had time to imagine what it was like, no way they could live up to it apparently so let's just not show anything at all! Brilliant logic. Opening with a black screen so we can just imagine it was perfect....lol. How about the whole show can just be black screen so we can imagine it instead of it not living up to our standards? The battle at the fist is more important than showing Drogon flying around for a few seconds. Do people watch this show just for a few glimpses of dragons? How could someone say 'I don't care that they didn't show the battle because we got to see dragons!'How about they save some money by not paying random girls to appear as nude whores on screen all the time? The point of Bronn almost taking off a girl's underwear with his teeth? Oh that's right, none. How about taking out some useless scenes like Ros and Shae talking. That might be an idea.How many battles have there been involving the watch? None! Jon fought a wight and then fought Qhorin, that's about it unless you want to remind me of some more.We aren't going to get battles. We have had one so far and the rest have been black screen. How do we know there will be more non-black screen battles? We don't. The Ghost thing is important. The whole Ghost story has him not being loyal to Jon at all. He left him and wandered all the way back to Sam? WTF? You can't just defend everything about the show. It has a lot of flaws.
928	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	Valid points.
I'm thinking they will focus on Danny's story and bring the wights and WW to crasters on screen during the revolt, that's the oy way I can justify it and not get pissed off...I'm trying not too.
929	Springs09	2013-04-03	And if they can't even show a little skirmish like that how are they possibly going to show the big battles in books 6 and 7? How will they have the budget to have fully grown Dragons attacking during battle?
Blackwater will be nothing compared to that and they had to cut that battle down remarkably.
930	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	It's still the biggest battle sequence on tv ever.
931	Springs09	2013-04-03	Well maybe, Band of Brothers would push for that. 
I'm not saying Blackwater was bad, I'm just wondering how they will possibly be able to do bigger battles if the Battle at the Fist was cut because of 'budget'.
932	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	I would suggest a BOB battle would be far cheaper than a GOT battle.
Costumes are less involved. Squibs are cheap. Not as much training of extras required, easy historical/archival access for authenticity.
Play their budget, was stupendous.
933	Nuttz	2013-04-04	No battle was expected by me, but to say that there is no way they could have handled it any better is certainly misleading.  Part of the problem is how poorly they ended last season with Sam surrounded and inexplicably surviving.Like I said earlier, personally I would have preferred they do the end of last season completely different.  Have it be night time, back at the fist of first men with Sam and the others doing whatever there.  Horn blows 3 times, Sam tells them that means the White Walkers, and either fade to black or have a bunch of blue eyed dark silloutes approaching the fist in the night.Next season starts:Frantic movement and panic around the camp.  Mormont tells Sam to send the ravens, and he runs to go do that, but when he opens the cage they escape and fly off before he has a chance to attach the messages.  Use the money saved from not showing the CGI undead "army" at the end of last season to show some of them advancing on the Fist even if it is just black shapes with blue eyes in the night.  Fade to black as some one yells that they are being over run, and you hear Mormont yell to retreat, with screams and cries.  Cut to Sam running thru the snow, and continue on similar to how the show actually did.  It's hard to imagine a variation of that scene being THAT cost prohibitive since you wouldn't actually see a battle or even need detailed CGI for the White Walkers, just glowing blue eyed figures advancing in the dark.Worst case scenario they could have just had Mormont fill in some of the blanks after killing the wight that was attacking Sam.  Something like Mormont:"Sam your alive!  We thought we had lost you when the walkers over ran us.  Did you send the ravens out?"Sam:  "NNNooo.. I was with Gren and Dolorous Ed and then the wights surrounded me.  I hid and luckily they passed me by.  I have been running ever since."Mormont:  "We lost most of our force when the White Walkers attacked, and they are still pursuing us.  Since you weren't able to send out any ravens, we need to get back to the wall as soon as possible or everyone we know will die."They don't actually have to show any of the battle to do a much better job of implying what happened.I'm not sure if they can logistically film in Iceland at night due to the cold and darkness. Safety might be a concern.I agree with you that the massive wight horde at the end of last season could have been done in other ways, and the budget would have been better used elsewhere (from a reader perspective at least, most show-only watchers would probably disagree), but they couldn't have 'saved' that money for this season. HBO gives them the money for each season individually, if there is a single cent that they don't spend then HBO doesn't give them that money in the first place.The scene certainly could have been better given the massive build up last season, but I don't think they could have gone too crazy (certainly there could in no way have been the undead bear). I would bet money that that scene was more elaborate in earlier drafts, and it was just one of the things that was cut down when the producers asked the writers to minimise budget and shorten the page length. Showing the battle doesn't really have a lot of ebaring on this season, it was more wrapping up the (unkeepable) promise of last season. I'm sad to see it go, but if that meant we get an epic Dracarys or Wall climbing scene then I'll live with it. There are probably some very good reasons as to why the scene ended up as it did. As much as we talk about the show on these forums, D&D live with it even more. They spend almost every waking minute all year round working on the show, so I have no doubt that they have thoguht long and hard about stuff like this and made tough decisions. Whether or not they are the right decisions I have no idea though.
934	MoA«t	2013-04-04	The battle of the fist isn't as simple as hiring a bunch of extras, and doing a one-day shoot. It's humans fighting rotting CGI dead guys who aren't there. That's a lot of FX $$. You want this minor battle that's only told in flashbacks in the books, or do you want Dracarys? You can't have both.But since you guy are all such international telelvision budget experts, perhaps you should launch a Kickstarter and forward the money to HBO along with spec scripts so you can have everything shot exactly as it is in all your heads, since you all seem to think with a hivemind and agree on how it should be perfectly shot. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />D&D have said it's cheaper to take a unit to Iceland than to build a set like they need. Iceland saves money.There are only about six hours of daylight to shoot in Iceland. That is nothing considering most of it is spent setting up shots.How many battles do you think this show needs? All of them? Or just the ones that actually appear in the books? *This one doesn't, it's told in flashbacks.I suggest you watch both versions of Kingdom of Heaven, both the theatrical and the Director's Cut which has 45min of additional footage. One is a bunch of battles and makes no sense whatsoever, making the viewer think they've been abducted by aliens because of the lack of narrative. Whereas the director's cut actually tells an awesome story, and has more characters in it, that are actually important to the plot and main characters.I think we're going to find out what happened at the fist. Otherwise what would Sam and Gilly talk about?The lower they take Sam, the better his heroic moment will be.You guys should watch the emmycast and listen to the commentary on the DVDs. It would answer a lot of your production and budget questions, and help alleviate your disappointment. It would also help make sense why this show on Premium cable and something like Walking Dead on commercial basic cable, should never ever be compared in any prodution universe, for they are as different as things on broadcast networks versus theatrical films.it's a miracle we have this show. It shouldn't exist. It's Fantasy, it's unfilmable, and no network can afford it, not even a major commercial network.Yet people are complaining about a battle that is really going to be a repeat of something bigger coming later in the story (we all suspect), that hasn't been written yet. Personally, I'd rather save that giant reveal for then, instead of having the baby version now. But that's just me.As for the WW/wights leaving Sam alone, so? They left the ranger that deserts and Ned executes alone too. And they looked right at him also. So? It's established, that they do that. I don't see why people are acting like it's out of character somehow.That's crap.You can't just defend everything about the show. It has a lot of flaws.Yes I can. It might have flaws for you, but it doesn't for me. I'm not you. I probably don't like the music you like either. So? Not everyone is just like you.You do not speak for me. You do not shape my opinion. I don't want to be part of your hive.I'm not sure if they can logistically film in Iceland at night due to the cold and darkness. Safety might be a concern.They can't, mostly for temperature reasons ("we have to stop filiming and get inside NOW, or you won't be coming in at all"), and they don't seem to haul lighting units out into the tundra. They explain a lot of that in the DVD commentary, and in the emmycast.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 04 April 2013 - 12:28 AM.
935	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	One need not be an international movie budget expert to recognize a gigantic plothole and flimsy scene that opens a season.  
The budget doesnt matter, the cliffhanger ending of last season wasn't done justice by the first scene of the freakin season this year.  There was nothing scary, suspenseful, exciting, shocking, or logical about this first scene.  A corpse holding its head for some reason almost got me excited and my wife could barely hold interest.  
I mean, the way it comes off is that they should have just lit a few torches and they would have made easy work of those wights.
936	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	Sam didn't exactly do much battling there anyway.
i don't mind, it costs a lot to do battles and i don't want them to run out of cash.
937	ghost of Harrenhall	2013-04-04	I knew we were not going to get a full on battle in ep1, but I would have liked a little more smoke and mirrors.
I was picturing a heavily misted scene with shadows fighting, screams and a close up of a severed arm or two.  Horror movie style
Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t just say it was not in the budget, with all the dragon porn we got this week, /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
the only reason I can think of as to why they had so much trouble is Iceland being icy. should have done most of this shot inside.
938	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-04	Regarding "not showing battle itself (due to budget), I think the battle of Green Fork is a good example: We get battle preparations, chaos, then "charge", then Tyrion is brained and wakes up among bodies etc. We don't see battle itself, but we see battle hapened... Same with Robb's battles. The Fist fails to show this, there's one guy without head, one zombie and a group of watchmen who look rather like after a pub fight.
939	pleonasm	2013-04-04	I haven't see anyone suggest that we needed a Blackwater In The Snow to open the season, but it would have been possible to construct a scene that either showed a part of the battle or a more effective aftermath of the conflict. Something dramatic, tense, scary, and highlighted that the White Walkers are a real threat to the realm.What we got was so not that. We got a CGI blizzard, a single zombie, and then a dozen extra's and Mormont standing around shooting the breeze. It was one of the least creative ways to present the aftermath. No chaos, no fear, just some guys standing in a fake snowfall. There a dozen cost effective ways this could have been written and shot so it that delivered a dramatic payoff from the last season cliffhanger.You guys should watch the emmycast and listen to the commentary on the DVDs. It would answer a lot of your production and budget questions, and help alleviate your disappointment. It would also help make sense why this show on Premium cable and something like Walking Dead on commercial basic cable, should never ever be compared in any prodution universe, for they are as different as things on broadcast networks versus theatrical films.What does this even mean? GOT has the largest budget of any show on TV. Yes, by its nature, it's very expensive (Costumes, Sets, Special Effects, Locations, Large Cast, etc...), but that doesn't preclude some criticism of where they are choosing to spend the money. There is nothing unreasonable about suggesting that dropping a couple of effects shots and a scene or two, would have been better than scrimping on the opening scene of the third season.The bottom line for me, is the scene as filmed just didn't work. It didn't deliver a payoff for the cliffhanger, it wasn't memorable really in any way, and it didn't hint at the threat the White Walkers really are to the realm and how unprepared everyone is to deal with them <<< which really is the key objective of the scene.
940	kevin1989	2013-04-04	The battle of the fist isn't as simple as hiring a bunch of extras, and doing a one-day shoot. It's humans fighting rotting CGI dead guys who aren't there. That's a lot of FX $$. You want this minor battle that's only told in flashbacks in the books, or do you want Dracarys? You can't have both.But since you guy are all such international telelvision budget experts, perhaps you should launch a Kickstarter and forward the money to HBO along with spec scripts so you can have everything shot exactly as it is in all your heads, since you all seem to think with a hivemind and agree on how it should be perfectly shot. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />D&D have said it's cheaper to take a unit to Iceland than to build a set like they need. Iceland saves money.There are only about six hours of daylight to shoot in Iceland. That is nothing considering most of it is spent setting up shots.How many battles do you think this show needs? All of them? Or just the ones that actually appear in the books? *This one doesn't, it's told in flashbacks.I suggest you watch both versions of Kingdom of Heaven, both the theatrical and the Director's Cut which has 45min of additional footage. One is a bunch of battles and makes no sense whatsoever, making the viewer think they've been abducted by aliens because of the lack of narrative. Whereas the director's cut actually tells an awesome story, and has more characters in it, that are actually important to the plot and main characters.I think we're going to find out what happened at the fist. Otherwise what would Sam and Gilly talk about?The lower they take Sam, the better his heroic moment will be.You guys should watch the emmycast and listen to the commentary on the DVDs. It would answer a lot of your production and budget questions, and help alleviate your disappointment. It would also help make sense why this show on Premium cable and something like Walking Dead on commercial basic cable, should never ever be compared in any prodution universe, for they are as different as things on broadcast networks versus theatrical films.it's a miracle we have this show. It shouldn't exist. It's Fantasy, it's unfilmable, and no network can afford it, not even a major commercial network.Yet people are complaining about a battle that is really going to be a repeat of something bigger coming later in the story (we all suspect), that hasn't been written yet. Personally, I'd rather save that giant reveal for then, instead of having the baby version now. But that's just me.As for the WW/wights leaving Sam alone, so? They left the ranger that deserts and Ned executes alone too. And they looked right at him also. So? It's established, that they do that. I don't see why people are acting like it's out of character somehow.Yes I can. It might have flaws for you, but it doesn't for me. I'm not you. I probably don't like the music you like either. So? Not everyone is just like you.You do not speak for me. You do not shape my opinion. I don't want to be part of your hive.They can't, mostly for temperature reasons ("we have to stop filiming and get inside NOW, or you won't be coming in at all"), and they don't seem to haul lighting units out into the tundra. They explain a lot of that in the DVD commentary, and in the emmycast.Save you're breathe, I think you and I must learn that some people think they know everything about making TV without even a little bit of research. the battle that we saw now already cost are more than 1 milion with a max of 50 million a season. Island is a very difficult country too shoot. and about WW aren't a treat. Wait for episode 2. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
941	Springs09	2013-04-04	The battle of the fist isn't as simple as hiring a bunch of extras, and doing a one-day shoot. It's humans fighting rotting CGI dead guys who aren't there. That's a lot of FX $$. You want this minor battle that's only told in flashbacks in the books, or do you want Dracarys? You can't have both.But since you guy are all such international telelvision budget experts, perhaps you should launch a Kickstarter and forward the money to HBO along with spec scripts so you can have everything shot exactly as it is in all your heads, since you all seem to think with a hivemind and agree on how it should be perfectly shot. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />D&D have said it's cheaper to take a unit to Iceland than to build a set like they need. Iceland saves money.There are only about six hours of daylight to shoot in Iceland. That is nothing considering most of it is spent setting up shots.How many battles do you think this show needs? All of them? Or just the ones that actually appear in the books? *This one doesn't, it's told in flashbacks.I suggest you watch both versions of Kingdom of Heaven, both the theatrical and the Director's Cut which has 45min of additional footage. One is a bunch of battles and makes no sense whatsoever, making the viewer think they've been abducted by aliens because of the lack of narrative. Whereas the director's cut actually tells an awesome story, and has more characters in it, that are actually important to the plot and main characters.I think we're going to find out what happened at the fist. Otherwise what would Sam and Gilly talk about?The lower they take Sam, the better his heroic moment will be.You guys should watch the emmycast and listen to the commentary on the DVDs. It would answer a lot of your production and budget questions, and help alleviate your disappointment. It would also help make sense why this show on Premium cable and something like Walking Dead on commercial basic cable, should never ever be compared in any prodution universe, for they are as different as things on broadcast networks versus theatrical films.it's a miracle we have this show. It shouldn't exist. It's Fantasy, it's unfilmable, and no network can afford it, not even a major commercial network.Yet people are complaining about a battle that is really going to be a repeat of something bigger coming later in the story (we all suspect), that hasn't been written yet. Personally, I'd rather save that giant reveal for then, instead of having the baby version now. But that's just me.As for the WW/wights leaving Sam alone, so? They left the ranger that deserts and Ned executes alone too. And they looked right at him also. So? It's established, that they do that. I don't see why people are acting like it's out of character somehow.Yes I can. It might have flaws for you, but it doesn't for me. I'm not you. I probably don't like the music you like either. So? Not everyone is just like you.You do not speak for me. You do not shape my opinion. I don't want to be part of your hive.They can't, mostly for temperature reasons ("we have to stop filiming and get inside NOW, or you won't be coming in at all"), and they don't seem to haul lighting units out into the tundra. They explain a lot of that in the DVD commentary, and in the emmycast.You think the show is 100% perfect? That's irrational. No show is.The Walking Dead has tons of little zombie fights that honestly don't look too hard to film. Nobody has said the Battle has to be CGI. You can create wights with make-up. I doubt the season 1 wights were CGI. How hard is it to have wights appear on the Fist, a couple of them stabbed, a couple of rushed battle shots, some Night's Watch dying, a fire and a retreat? Probably cost less than the CGI blizzard cost. I would rather have a one minute skirmish (all it needs to be) than a scene of Drogon flying above the water and frying a fish that shows nothing at all. I'd also rather have it than numerous random naked whores guaranteed to be scattered around the season. How battles has the show had? 1. It needs battles more than it needs Ros and Shae. A little skirmish isn't going to ruin anything and will be entertaining. No one is saying it should be Kingdom of Heaven battle like. A one minute battle in a 55 minute episode in a 550 minute season is nothing. How is that 'all battles'? and would you honestly complain in six seasons when the big Others battle does come about a little skirmish six seasons ago? That's like saying the Pelennor was ruined because of the battle in Balin's Tomb. The scene as it is doesn't make sense. How hard is it to show wights killing a couple guys then a retreat?
942	Nuttz	2013-04-04	They can't, mostly for temperature reasons ("we have to stop filiming and get inside NOW, or you won't be coming in at all"), and they don't seem to haul lighting units out into the tundra. They explain a lot of that in the DVD commentary, and in the emmycast.Yeah this was my thinking. Not to mention teh absolute nightmare of trying to mantain lighting continuity. Replicating the moon with artificial lights would be seriously hard with all that snow.The scene as it is doesn't make sense. How hard is it to show wights killing a couple guys then a retreat?To put it simply: much, much harder that you may think. That's what Moet and I have been trying to explain. This stuff is hard.I'm glad you compared it to The Walking Dead, as that's a show that actually does spend too much of its time and money on flashy effects (having so many fights with zombies). They tend to shoot scenes to save time, rather than to look as professional as possible. They use a lot of handheld/shoulder mount shots in their composition, with very long durations. The result of this is a product that does not look as cinematic as something like Game of Thrones. That's not to say The Walking Dead is doing it wrong or anything, they're aiming for a more realist style and as a result the show takes on a docudrama kind of feel, whereas Game of Thrones feels much more cinematic (to its benefit as I'm sure you would agree). The fact that The Walking Dead uses this cost-effective shooting style means that they have more money to spend on their awesome prosthetics and not so awesome CGI (IMO).I have no problem with people talking about what they wish the show did, and how it could have been done better, but when they start insulting the people who have worked really, really hard on the show, then it becomes too much. Some people think the crew just shit this content out, but it takes a hell of a lot of effort to make what you see, and a lot of hard decisions have to be made. As someone who has experience this kind of stress before it just makes be annoyed when people insult the creator's work for stuff that was out of their control.
					
					
							Edited by Nuttz, 04 April 2013 - 02:15 AM.
943	zaphodbrx	2013-04-04	What struck me about this scene was that Sam managed to run away while being surrounded by hordes of zombies last season ( protected by plot armor? ) And then Mormont asks if he sent ravens. Um, what? How could he send ravens while surrounded by hordes of zombies.
944	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-04	As far as carnage goes, if they took half of "bloody body" extras from Harrenhall scene and shifted them to FotFM scene, it would be much more convincing. Especially if some of them begun to rise with blue eyes... As it is, there was far mopre carnage in the limited scene with two or three others in Season 1 prologue /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
945	a shadow	2013-04-04	Personally I liked the way that they didn't show the battle. That way it remains a mystery how they fight, and it will be more epic once the real battle with the white walkers occure. And for not showing that there was a battle. People have blood over their face, and I liked it that you don't see the body's before Jon's chapter. If they had shown the battle, people would be moaning about that scene, because "we already know, there was a battle, people died."I am good with no battle shown. I find it funny (in an amusing kind of way so far), how they could not resist showing hundreds and thousands of wights being purposefully led by the White Walkers as a cliffhanger of the season, just to fallow up with that army evaporating at the beginning of the next episode. I do not need to be shown how a small group of unprepared freezing men took out each of those thousands of wights and some Walkers, but I would like to at least hear something being said to explain this kind of outcome, where NW is still standing after that kind of force came onto them. Now, on the contrary, Mormont announces doom to "everyone who has ever lived". As a viewer, I can not see why it is so, when what I am being led to understand is that a handful of not the best kind of warriors defeated the WW army to the ratio 1:100(0) and behind the Wall of all places, which should be the homebase for the WW.How do you even kill a Walker, which is supposed to be invincible? Or did they just ran?What we were shown, is a very bad fallow-up story-wise. They simply could not resist that scene in the end of last season, like overeating on sweets. It should have been clear (and was, for the book readers, I think), that they just won't be able to solve it believably. Now it is a fact that they didn't. And that is wrong to a point where it does not quite bother you too much, but makes you wonder, if we'll be having George Clooney playing Talisa's father, just for the â<U+0080><U+009C>visual effectâ<U+0080><U+009D> on women /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I really need to fact check, the wights seem to have left Sam alone as he had no weapon drew.He did not draw a weapon when the axe wielding wight attacked either. And what was it with that wight? He seemed much quicker and much more determinated than the snail army we've seen last season /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 04 April 2013 - 06:09 AM.
946	kevin1989	2013-04-04	As far as carnage goes, if they took half of "bloody body" extras from Harrenhall scene and shifted them to FotFM scene, it would be much more convincing. Especially if some of them begun to rise with blue eyes... As it is, there was far mopre carnage in the limited scene with two or three others in Season 1 prologue /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />True, a bad that the scheduling was difficult and the scene at Harrenhal was shot first. I hope that season 4 will have more budget.@Free shadow: Those answers will be coming this season, probably all next episode. How many NW had died, how many wights. Are the WW still alive, how can they get killed. Some major things that will be answered later.But maybe it was better if they just left out the battle at all. Not showing this scene and that viewers will get to know the answers as in the books. Or maybe everything will be falling in place next episode. But why need every answer be directly answered? Isn't it something beautiful that we get to see the aftermath of the battle, and have all those questions, and a episode later they will get answered.But if you want the answers: 
	Spoiler Jon will go to the fist with Mance en co, to witness the battle that happened there, there will be a lot of bodies. A lot of NW and a lot of wights. WW can be killed, you will know soon how, but they all survived the battle of the fist.
947	juanml82	2013-04-04	The battle of the fist isn't as simple as hiring a bunch of extras, and doing a one-day shoot. It's humans fighting rotting CGI dead guys who aren't there. That's a lot of FX $$. You want this minor battle that's only told in flashbacks in the books, or do you want Dracarys? You can't have both.But since you guy are all such international telelvision budget experts, perhaps you should launch a Kickstarter and forward the money to HBO along with spec scripts so you can have everything shot exactly as it is in all your heads, since you all seem to think with a hivemind and agree on how it should be perfectly shot. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />D&D have said it's cheaper to take a unit to Iceland than to build a set like they need. Iceland saves money.There are only about six hours of daylight to shoot in Iceland. That is nothing considering most of it is spent setting up shots.How many battles do you think this show needs? All of them? Or just the ones that actually appear in the books? *This one doesn't, it's told in flashbacks.I suggest you watch both versions of Kingdom of Heaven, both the theatrical and the Director's Cut which has 45min of additional footage. One is a bunch of battles and makes no sense whatsoever, making the viewer think they've been abducted by aliens because of the lack of narrative. Whereas the director's cut actually tells an awesome story, and has more characters in it, that are actually important to the plot and main characters.I think we're going to find out what happened at the fist. Otherwise what would Sam and Gilly talk about?The lower they take Sam, the better his heroic moment will be.You guys should watch the emmycast and listen to the commentary on the DVDs. It would answer a lot of your production and budget questions, and help alleviate your disappointment. It would also help make sense why this show on Premium cable and something like Walking Dead on commercial basic cable, should never ever be compared in any prodution universe, for they are as different as things on broadcast networks versus theatrical films.it's a miracle we have this show. It shouldn't exist. It's Fantasy, it's unfilmable, and no network can afford it, not even a major commercial network.Yet people are complaining about a battle that is really going to be a repeat of something bigger coming later in the story (we all suspect), that hasn't been written yet. Personally, I'd rather save that giant reveal for then, instead of having the baby version now. But that's just me.As for the WW/wights leaving Sam alone, so? They left the ranger that deserts and Ned executes alone too. And they looked right at him also. So? It's established, that they do that. I don't see why people are acting like it's out of character somehow.Yes I can. It might have flaws for you, but it doesn't for me. I'm not you. I probably don't like the music you like either. So? Not everyone is just like you.You do not speak for me. You do not shape my opinion. I don't want to be part of your hive.They can't, mostly for temperature reasons ("we have to stop filiming and get inside NOW, or you won't be coming in at all"), and they don't seem to haul lighting units out into the tundra. They explain a lot of that in the DVD commentary, and in the emmycast.The way I picture a cheap battle, for instance, doesn't involve melee at all. Quick, closeup shots of men fighting in the dark. Quick, dark shots of wights approaching. We also know they had a set to make the scenes at Craster's keep, so that's an option again - again dark background. An HBO series can afford close up shots of actors against a dark background, probably the already used CGI blizzard to mud the shot somewhat.Not quite as cinematic as the Danny scene at the ship? Probably. But certainly far more cinematic than voice overs in a black screen.
948	Rayn	2013-04-04	True, a bad that the scheduling was difficult and the scene at Harrenhal was shot first. I hope that season 4 will have more budget.@Free shadow: Those answers will be coming this season, probably all next episode. How many NW had died, how many wights. Are the WW still alive, how can they get killed. Some major things that will be answered later.But maybe it was better if they just left out the battle at all. Not showing this scene and that viewers will get to know the answers as in the books. Or maybe everything will be falling in place next episode. But why need every answer be directly answered? Isn't it something beautiful that we get to see the aftermath of the battle, and have all those questions, and a episode later they will get answered.But if you want the answers: 
	Spoiler Jon will go to the fist with Mance en co, to witness the battle that happened there, there will be a lot of bodies. A lot of NW and a lot of wights. WW can be killed, you will know soon how, but they all survived the battle of the fist.
The dead should be raised as wights not laying there after the battle.
949	Honey Badger	2013-04-04	It was handled weird for sure.  You could only piece it together as a book fan with outside knowledge.  I find it interesting that some TV viewers thought the NW won. 
They should have shown Sam somehow hide from the passing Horde, then inch back to his camp.  Through some exposition and chaos where he releases the crows, we get an update that things didn't work out and they need to run.
I wish they could have shown the battle at the hill top.  The way they set up trenches and pallisades, the fire arrows raining down on advancing Others.  The way they were overrun.  They could have even shown a horse wedge charge into the fray against impossible odds.  All awesome.  Oh well, HBO doesn't show battles.
950	MoA«t	2013-04-04	The budget doesnt matter,You're right, how silly of me.It's not like we're watching a 10-episode per season television show produced by humans on planet Earth, where things cost actual money, and time is limited.You think the show is 100% perfect? That's irrational. No show is.Then I'm the irrational one, because for me, it's perfect.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 04 April 2013 - 12:41 PM.
951	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-04	How is everyone so sure we won't see the battle in flashbacks?  It seemed to me that Sam was in shock.  Maybe they'll do flashbacks when he relays what happened to Gilly & is forced to deal with it himself for the first time.  Did anyone from the show officially say they didn't film anything here?  The build up at season 2 end...they'd have to know this would cause everyone to cry foul!The show never had a flashback, so it is very unlikely (and wise) to they will be not a flashback. It is about "directorial" issues.
952	ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>	2013-04-04	You're right, how silly of me.It's not like we're watching a 10-episode per season television show produced by humans on planet Earth, where things cost actual money, and time is limited.Then I'm the irrational one, because for me, it's perfect.If you have no money to solve your problem then you should come with smart solutions for your problem. A black screen is not a solution. It is a rejection for the problem.
					
					
							Edited by ConstantinÎ<U+00BF>I<U+0082>, 04 April 2013 - 12:59 PM.
953	MoA«t	2013-04-04	As far as carnage goes, if they took half of "bloody body" extras from Harrenhall scene and shifted them to FotFM scene, it would be much more convincing. Especially if some of them begun to rise with blue eyes... As it is, there was far mopre carnage in the limited scene with two or three others in Season 1 prologue /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />But they are already risen. Or do you mean other wights should drag dead bodies along like luggage to the fist? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />How did the Fist battle work out? You set wights on fire, try not to get killed, and the handful (there were two in the finale) of WW probably split. My brain worked that out after Jon did in the first season. I'm not confused.It was handled weird for sure.  You could only piece it together as a book fan with outside knowledge.  I find it interesting that some TV viewers thought the NW won.The person I watched it with is a non-book reader, and pieced it together fine. The NW did win, in that there were survivors. We will hear more of this, it's not over. The details will spill out over a few episodes.They should have shown Sam somehow hide from the passing Horde, then inch back to his camp.  Through some exposition and chaos where he releases the crows, we get an update that things didn't work out and they need to run.I wish they could have shown the battle at the hill top.  The way they set up trenches and pallisades, the fire arrows raining down on advancing Others.  The way they were overrun.  They could have even shown a horse wedge charge into the fray against impossible odds.  All awesome.  Oh well, HBO doesn't show battles.That scene would take a lot of time the series doesn't have. And I've yet to see a horse in any of the Iceland shoots. Probably way too dangerous for them, and too $$$$ for the insurance.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 04 April 2013 - 01:57 PM.
954	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-04	^lol briefly read through this thread. How anyone can defend that scene is beyond me. The wight wiggling on the ground like in a third rate zombie movie, the inconsistency of how Sam is running back to tFoFM from wights and he is somehow supposed to send ravens in the process, completely omitting an opportunity for a great battle/horror scene, THE CHEESIEST LINE EVER spoken by Mormont. The producers should count themselves lucky that most people didnt vomit and switch the channel after this joke of a prologue. The episode had some nice points all in all (though i rather disliked it) but the first five minutes were the worst so far in all 3 seasons. After seeing the end of season 2 i was expecting this to be one of the highlights of this season. Again, cant believe how they wasted a scene with so much potential.
955	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-04	Not all rose immediately, there is some "cooldown" time /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Dead rangers rising would add to the horror and doom and gloom.
956	MoA«t	2013-04-04	^lol briefly read through this thread. How anyone can defend that scene is beyond me. The wight wiggling on the ground like in a third rate zombie movie, the inconsistency of how Sam is running back to tFoFM from wights and he is somehow supposed to send ravens in the process, completely omitting an opportunity for a great battle/horror scene, THE CHEESIEST LINE EVER spoken by Mormont. The producers should count themselves lucky that most people didnt vomit and switch the channel after this joke of a prologue. The episode had some nice points all in all (though i rather disliked it) but the first five minutes were the worst so far in all 3 seasons. After seeing the end of season 2 i was expecting this to be one of the highlights of this season. Again, cant believe how they wasted a scene with so much potential.Glad I don't go through life with your standards, I'd be miserable. But I get this means you're not watching the show anymore, since it's just so horrid, right? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not all rose immediately, there is some "cooldown" time /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> Dead rangers rising would add to the horror and doom and gloom.LOL /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. Definitely a long "cooldown" time.... seems like it was a few days for the ones Ghost found.
957	Tadco26	2013-04-04	Well I think this debate has about run it's course for me.  Those who dislike it aren't going to change their minds, and those who think it is fine aren't either, and regardless it isn't going to change at this point.  
To wrap up my thoughts on the topic:
1) I completely understand the need to cut the battle itself due to budget.
2) The ending of season 2 put Sam in a situation that was virtually impossible to rationalize how he would survive.  Instead they just had Sam alive and running with no attempt at an explanation which didn't help.  To be fair I can't think of an explanation that would have worked.  Of course they should have thought of that when they were writing the season 2 finale.
3) They could have done a much better job of setting up what was happening before and after the flash to black "battle" that was skipped over.  I listed several ways they could have done that without using a bunch of special effects or any actual scenes during the battle. Budget is always a valid reason for why some things don't make it in the show, but there is a middle ground between expecting a Lord of Rings Battle of Pelennor Fields scene, and showing a black screen where some viewers didn't even realize a battle took place.
4)  Mormont expecting Sam to send ravens when he wasn't at camp didn't make much sense.  Perhaps future episodes will better clarify what happened to Sam and what happened at the Fist, but regardless it was poorly handled in this episode.
The north of the wall story line has had problems for me since season 2 started, so I didn't expect a lot going in.  Perhaps it is because my expectations were so low, but I enjoyed this premiere over all despite this scene being poorly executed.  Debating what we like or don't like is part of the fun of the show and fortunately most of us can do that in a civil manner.
958	Greywolf2375	2013-04-04	He did not draw a weapon when the axe wielding wight attacked either. And what was it with that wight? He seemed much quicker and much more determinated than the snail army we've seen last season /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />that's the problem I have with the scene.  I am fine with not showing the fight, but they gave Sam an out by not fighting and being afraid, so when he is not fighting, being afraid and running he is now a target?  There are some leaps that have happened where the response is "plot armor" as to why what would seem to be the logical conclusion doesn't happen and it really leaves a sour taste around those scenes.
959	Drogo_1	2013-04-04	I just hope they include the later scene sam killing the other with dragonglass
960	Honourable Ser	2013-04-04	Battles with CGI Snow Bears are very expensive.
I'm glad they saved the budget and are spending it on other things we can enjoy seeing i.e. Dracarys and the other battle that it looks like we'll see. And besides this, the shows strength is in the ability of it's lead actors to hold a conversation and develop the essential concept of the show - 'A Game of Thrones'
961	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-04	Glad I don't go through life with your standards, I'd be miserable. But I get this means you're not watching the show anymore, since it's just so horrid, right? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />LOL /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. Definitely a long "cooldown" time.... seems like it was a few days for the ones Ghost found.Of course i still watch, i am addicted of ASOIAF content. Doesn't change the fact that the show has massively declined since season 1 (which was near perfect imho, even according to "my standards" /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />). I am not all critical, i loved the unsullied scenes, the Davos ones were pretty good, and i could watch Charles Dance impersonate Tywin forever. But you just CANT defend the fist scene, seriously that was such a disappointment to me. I dont need it to be a big battle, basically something along the climate of the prologue in first season would be very good. They botched it terribly instead.EDIT: moved my response out of your quote lol
					
					
							Edited by WardenOfTheNerds, 04 April 2013 - 04:58 PM.
962	Lord Godric	2013-04-04	it's a miracle we have this show. It shouldn't exist. It's Fantasy, it's unfilmable, and no network can afford it, not even a major commercial network.Yet people are complaining about a battle that is really going to be a repeat of something bigger coming later in the story (we all suspect), that hasn't been written yet. Personally, I'd rather save that giant reveal for then, instead of having the baby version now. But that's just me.Bravo, my friend!
963	Ampris	2013-04-04	@Tadco26:You know that they can't save money from a last season? you have a budget per season. If you don't use it all. You're not going to get what's left for next season. And yes they could handle it better. Maybe it was better to have cut when Sam saw the wights. And wait when Jon visited the fist next episode. We think they're all dead. Than we see that sam lives. But they need to write something.Personally I liked the way that they didn't show the battle. That way it remains a mystery how they fight, and it will be more epic once the real battle with the white walkers occure. And for not showing that there was a battle. People have blood over their face, and I liked it that you don't see the body's before Jon's chapter. If they had shown the battle, people would be moaning about that scene, because "we already know, there was a battle, people died."Did you watch the same episode, because as far as I heard, Mormont stated there was a big battle, and that most had died. As far as I know he isn't a liar. I think it's a beautiful thing we didn't had the battle. Now the Mystery remains. and showing the battle, would also made some thing worse, like when we have the big battle at the end of the series, we would have had, already saw that on screen boring.But why not be happy, that they saved money for more important things? like the RW that doesn't have a second run in the show. A battle with the others we have.I watched twice and I don't remember Mormont saying ANYTHING about a battle. All I remember is him asking Sam about the ravens and saying they needed to warn the Wall before everyone they've ever known is dead. Anyone else remember Mormont talking about a battle? HBO is still replaying it so maybe I'll go DVR it again and rewatch.
964	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	No, Mormont didn't say anything about a battle but his face was kinda bloodied as was everyone else with him so it indicated some shit went down. 
I thought they would have at least shown Sam sending the ravens while the battle was happening outside with a few quick shots of fire arrows being shot at the army of wights, then intro, then the retreat
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 04 April 2013 - 07:25 PM.
965	tito5601	2013-04-04	I doubt it's going to be that one. The season previews have Mance climbing The Wall, which makes me think they're going to leave out the Battle for the Wall completely. The battle for Castle Black or the Red Wedding will probably take a substantial amount of the budget. it was tormund climbing the wall i believe
966	wolverine	2013-04-04	I thought the scene was terrible.  There was little indication there was a battle, I kept waiting to see them fighting something.
967	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	I see where you guys are coming from, but I agree with the decision making here. Narratively speaking, this battle is not that important. Giants, dragons, werewolves and Jaime's hand are.
It probably was this or cut of Nicolaj's hand.
					
					
							Edited by Jon Mark Selmy, 05 April 2013 - 04:38 AM.
968	protar	2013-04-05	I see where you guys are coming from, but I agree with the decision making here. Narratively speaking, this battle is not that important. Giants, dragons, werewolves and Jaime's hand are.It probably was this or cut of Nicolaj's hand.In that case why get everyone's hopes up by teasing the battle at the end of S2? They could easily have started off the season in exactly the same manner as SOS with the NW at the Fist hearing the horns. Then next episode they've been forced to flee into the Haunted Forest. Why make a promise they can't keep?
969	valerio	2013-04-05	I don't really mind the absence of the actual battle, but i didn't really like the linking with the second season's ending; i mean, the scene looked like it was showing what was happening immediately after the battle,before the beginning of the retreat towards the Wall,  and it didn't sound like everything was in place (Is the battle over ? Since how long? Where the hell was Sam running to ? ) ;IMO it would have been better if they started in the middle of the march as in the books.
970	Caryn Stark	2013-04-05	Well I think this debate has about run it's course for me.  Those who dislike it aren't going to change their minds, and those who think it is fine aren't either, and regardless it isn't going to change at this point.  To wrap up my thoughts on the topic:1) I completely understand the need to cut the battle itself due to budget.2) The ending of season 2 put Sam in a situation that was virtually impossible to rationalize how he would survive.  Instead they just had Sam alive and running with no attempt at an explanation which didn't help.  To be fair I can't think of an explanation that would have worked.  Of course they should have thought of that when they were writing the season 2 finale.3) They could have done a much better job of setting up what was happening before and after the flash to black "battle" that was skipped over.  I listed several ways they could have done that without using a bunch of special effects or any actual scenes during the battle. Budget is always a valid reason for why some things don't make it in the show, but there is a middle ground between expecting a Lord of Rings Battle of Pelennor Fields scene, and showing a black screen where some viewers didn't even realize a battle took place.4)  Mormont expecting Sam to send ravens when he wasn't at camp didn't make much sense.  Perhaps future episodes will better clarify what happened to Sam and what happened at the Fist, but regardless it was poorly handled in this episode.The north of the wall story line has had problems for me since season 2 started, so I didn't expect a lot going in.  Perhaps it is because my expectations were so low, but I enjoyed this premiere over all despite this scene being poorly executed.  Debating what we like or don't like is part of the fun of the show and fortunately most of us can do that in a civil manner.1. Completely agree2. Agree it seemed contrived.3. I didn't expect them to show the battle but the way they handled it left me confused.4. The whole Mormont speech to Sam had me upset because Sam did get them out albeit without messages. I don't see why that couldn't have been explained and I think it changes Sam's character. What it really does is make me worried if we are going to see Sam the Slayer at all. Not to be negative, but it wouldn't be the first time we saw major character changes. I've heard Catelyn will be doing a 'I love Jon' speech. Chilling. That's not Cat. Sam is surprisingly useful and together. That's why I love him. Making him completely useless is just. Ugh. No need.I agree we are lucky there is a show. But. I personally don't know if I will continue watching if they have complete character assassination on a broad scale. I get they can't show ever bloody battle. I can get my chills from the books again. One missing CGI bear isn't going to ruin my day as long as they show Brienne's bear- that one moves the character along. All they needed to do was show the fear through the reactions of the characters that they had. And leave ghost with Jon. But. Oh well. Hopefully it will get better.
971	Snookson	2013-04-05	Forgive me if this has already been mentioned, as I have not read all the posts in this thread, but I just had an idea.
Since Ghost is with the survivors of the NW beyond the wall and not with Jon, maybe we will get some sort of flashback of the battle through Ghost's eyes when Jon sees the remnants of the fight? This would help introduce the non-book readers more to warging as well. I feel like this could help tie everything up nicely as to what happened at the Fist along with adding an integral part of the story into one scene. Thoughts?
972	Honourable Ser	2013-04-05	Forgive me if this has already been mentioned, as I have not read all the posts in this thread, but I just had an idea.Since Ghost is with the survivors of the NW beyond the wall and not with Jon, maybe we will get some sort of flashback of the battle through Ghost's eyes when Jon sees the remnants of the fight? This would help introduce the non-book readers more to warging as well. I feel like this could help tie everything up nicely as to what happened at the Fist along with adding an integral part of the story into one scene. Thoughts?Can't see it myself.
973	Tadco26	2013-04-05	The cost for a ghost flash back of the battle would be just as prohibitive as showing the battle live and probably even more difficult to film the whole battle thru Ghost's eyes.  I can't recall them doing any flashbacks so far, and I would not expect them to do a Ghost flash back.  I expect the only further follow up to the story line will be Mance and Jon visiting the Fist and whatever aftermath of the battle is left behind.
974	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-06	In that case why get everyone's hopes up by teasing the battle at the end of S2? They could easily have started off the season in exactly the same manner as SOS with the NW at the Fist hearing the horns. Then next episode they've been forced to flee into the Haunted Forest. Why make a promise they can't keep?To hook the audience by showing them the others, of course.
975	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-06	4)  Mormont expecting Sam to send ravens when he wasn't at camp didn't make much sense.  Perhaps future episodes will better clarify what happened to Sam and what happened at the Fist, but regardless it was poorly handled in this episode.For non-readers probably meant nothing at all, like, "why is everybody outside scolding on him for not sending the ravens?" or worst, "what ravens?".
976	Ser Luke.	2013-04-07	This was my least favorite part of an otherwise great episode. I understand about the whole budget issue, but come on, the scene was handled very amateurishly and felt a bit choppy.
977	Early Earl	2013-04-10	Everything's said. But not by me!
BookSam is a great character for the important deeds he is capable of, despite his obvious "flaws". The show is ruining that to fit the average TV-viewers' stereotypes, I assume. The fat comic-relief/ side-kick character Sam, existing only to show the greatness of others by contrast. (Boring.)
Similarly, another interesting character edge was blunted: Jon actually not being (that) bitter about being a bastard, but cleverly playing with the prejudices of Mance. Now, I can't see a budget reason to cut out the BookJon's pretend reason to desert. In fact I can't see any reason to do that, except introducing Jon's motives that will first be appearing in ADWD (not fighting Wildlings, but Others), already now. Which means, that in his heart TVJon has deserted the NW and his whole internal struggle will be cut out (except the sex-scenes with Ygritte of course. It's HBO, duh.).
That both is very sad, as I always got the sense from the book, that everything happening in King's Landing and related matters are just a distraction from the really important things going on in Westeros. Now the maybe most important characters for the story as a whole are reduced to Hollywood stereotypes, in a way.
However, the TV show doesn't delete the books but is a nice extra. So I can sit back and enjoy the tremendously great acting of the Lannister family and a few others and just ignore what they patch together in the North (including the casting of the Lord of the Bones and Mance. Didn't really fit the characters of devious, scraggy Rattleshirt and the lute playing, "Abel the bard" Mance.)
978	Timotheus	2013-04-10	Yea, I didn't expect to see the battle either. I expected them to do something like this, but I agree it was pretty cheap.
In stead of a black screen and some screams in the background, they could've showed us flashes of the battle. At least something to make clear that there was a battle, and that the NW lost a lot of men.
979	Ebusitanus	2013-04-10	Hi all,
The show just started over here in Spain and thus I reach you with a week of delay. Did not want to read here before, afraid of possible major spoilers.
Well, here I am now, careful to avoid S3E2 threads which I have not yet seen.
Anyhow. After watching the season premiere I came away with a sweet-sour taste in my mouth and lo and behold there is this very thread here ready to channel my grievances.
Most has been already been said here by one or another but I have to vent /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I have not read the books and I have to heavily agree that, before reading some posts here, I was of the distinct opinion that the Nightwatch had indeed beat back the thousands of undead and white walkers and that Samwell reached the victorious few survivors of the Watch.
I could not make any sense, and still can not, even after reading this thread, as to why would Samwell still be alife given the ending of season two. A White walker was mere feet away from him, he looked down on him and when you see the camera pan off for the panoramic view of the undead army you can see Samwell was in the very midst of its advance towards the Fist of the first men, with wrights walking past him left and right.
How on earth did he manage to get out of this situation?
Being used by now at the way HBO deals with the big battles I did not expect really any climatic engagement being shown and was not surprised (a bit disapointed for the weak choice though) by the black scene with the battle sounds. I must admit I was also one of those who thought my TV set had crapped out on me.
So...I understand and have digested the budget line but still the whole thing, worse being this the bloody premiere, reeked of pure amateurism and lack of basic respect for the viewer.
How did Samwell survive/escape? If the NW was defeated and retreated, how did Samwell find them through the undead army? Why, oh why, would the Lord Commander chastise Samwell for not sending the crows? What crows? Was Samwell not sent to dig up dung to burn? How can he do two things at once? And given this situation, why would Samwell not have objected at such unfair treatment?
I just can not understand how this scene went to the premiere episode unchallenged. Its outright insulting to our intelliegence and I do not believe IÂ´m nitpicking here. One can but hope that sometime down the line there will be an Extended collector Bluray that will include deleted scenes or a remake for this crap.
980	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	Personally, I was pretty damn disappointed  but I love the show and I can understand why they did not include a big battle, however the blank screen with a few war sounds was quite frustrating.
981	Gendels Children	2013-05-09	very anticlimactic especially for the viewer who havnt read the books, they have no idea of what went down kinda sad and disappointing to say the least, but it is what it is /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
982	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-02	[img]http://i1004.photobu...1h02m54s169.png[/img][img]http://i1004.photobu...1h02m26s158.png[/img]...tempt the wolves...cleared the forest...revenge on our ____That's some pretty neat handwriting.
983	Ser Emilion Ryth	2013-04-02	To me it looks like:
-venge on our wo--
It's probably something like "after that it's time to get revenge on our wolf". Meaning the RW.
984	Justin Danford	2013-04-02	could have sworn I caught a "ripe for" before it was closed
which I took to mean the time is ripe for setting the trap
985	AdiTarg	2013-04-02	There was also the word marrige...
986	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-02	im pretty sure that is the letter he writes to Lord Frey in regards to the RW
987	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-02	I caught the "ripe for the..." part. Definitely looks like wedding planning details.
988	DurararaFTW	2013-04-02	I believe the last line is "scavenge on our lands", probably a promise that the Mountain will leave Frey lands alone from now on in exchange for their cooperation.
989	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	Wouldn't he have to know that Robb has married Talisa to start prepping the RW?
990	Bestkeptsecret	2013-04-02	I'm pretty sure "Talisa"s bitch of a mother is how Tywin knows so quickly about Robb's broken vow. At least in the books...
991	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	Talisa is a different character from Volantis and one would be pressed to assume that Tywin knows already from the TV show material so far. I wonder if they are going to change how Tywin gets this info since Talisa isn't a westerner???
992	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-02	There's this also: http://s23.postimg.o...tiwk8be/tl1.jpg"-rmined to scavenge (?) on our lands"may be long, we shall have [might be hunt] to fill"need those supplies for a long while to come"successful hunt deserves to be marked"- ck and ripe for the ta--Tywin's letter to Roose.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 02 April 2013 - 08:22 AM.
993	velki	2013-04-02	What's the actual proof evidence that it is a letter in relation to the RW? Honestly, to me it all just sounds like Generic Campaign Stuff. I don't know about you guys, but I don't really read anything related to Roose or the Freys or the RW plot -- it just sounds like general 'running a war' stuff; foraging (scavenging) the land is something every army does, luring your enemy into a more opportune position is an obvious thing to do in a campaign, you need supplies ('for a long while to come'? That doesn't sound like someone with a plan to end things decisively would say) for your army.. etc. What am I missing?Edit - Obviously there's no proof of anything so that was dumb wording, I meant evidence or suggestion. Obviously I'm not asking if there's a quote from someone on the show saying it's that! Hah. If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, of course.. but I'm not seeing how it looks or quacks.
					
					
							Edited by velki, 02 April 2013 - 08:31 AM.
994	DurararaFTW	2013-04-02	Wouldn't he have to know that Robb has married Talisa to start prepping the RW?Could be Bolton learned of their marriage and that, along with Jaime's escape and sensing Karstark's discontent led him to decide to contact Tywin.
995	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Heh, I figured would not be the only one reading too much into that letter. Alas, I do not think we can completely prove it one way or the other. But it would be a good call-back scene later on in the season when Tywin says "some wars are won with.. quill and ink etc etc".
Assuming they don't cut out that line of baddassery.
996	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	I hope it is. I hope the RW plays out as close to the books as possible. It was the scene they have been hoping to do for all these years. Let's hope that they do it right.
997	shiola	2013-04-02	Since hindsight is 20/20, it appears like it could be RW planning.  To non-readers it may look like anything or nothing.  It's definitely a neat catch, and it could go either way.
998	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Spoiler RW planning
 for sure IMO,  why would they show Tywin writing letters that aren't
	Spoiler  related to the RW
.  I loved this scene, just wish he would have busted out the "quills" line.  Thanks so much for posting those stills.
999	darrylzero	2013-04-02	I think given that the showrunners' keep talking about a certain key event in S3 they were desperate to get to (which has about a .00001% chance of NOT being the RW), the most likely reason for the letter's inclusion, to me, is for it to be connected to the RW.  Does this imply anything about Talisa?  Or would Tywin have reached out to Frey and Bolton as soon as he heard about the wedding either way?
1000	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-02	If they (the show runners) just wanted to show Tywin ignoring Tyrion they did not need to do a close up of what he is writing. I think they know the nerds among us would do some pausing and screen captures to try to see what he is writing. I was bouncing up and down when I saw this scene because I wanted to read the letters. (Many thanks for those of you who have added screen shots as I have not been able to go back to watch the scene again yet.) I also doubt Tywin would spell it out in the letters he would couch it in some subtle language in case the letters fell into the wrong hands.
Even though we have not seen Tywin receive this information it is quite easy to imagine that he has heard the news already. Rumors and gossip get around quick in Westeros.
1001	Tadco26	2013-04-02	It's always possible Talisa told Tywin herself if you believe this rumor that Talisa is really a Lannister spy:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgOtherwise, we know he has spies in the Stark camp, as based on his conversations in Harrenhall last season.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 02 April 2013 - 11:06 AM.
1002	FloredaA—	2013-04-02	What struck me was the difference in writing between the beginning of the letter and what we see Tywin writing. My first thought was "wow it seems Jaime inherited his poor penmanship from someone", and I wondered if we were shown something important. But it would suggest that the beginning was dictated to someone else, which seems improbable.
So maybe it's only that writing with a quill pen is a skill Charles Dance didn't have time to learn.
It does remind us that "some battles are won with a quill"
					
					
							Edited by FloredaA—, 02 April 2013 - 10:14 AM.
1003	Franz95	2013-04-02	I tought it was a RW letter the second I saw Tywin writing. I wonder whether it was for Walder or for Roose, though... As for Tywin getting the information, Roose Bolton himself might have seen to that.
1004	SerSavage	2013-04-02	I saw lines saying "...a successful hunt, deserves to be morked..." and "weak and ripe for the... "
I'm assuming this means that after Robb's success of winning all the battles, and embaraasing Tywin, he deserves to be morked (a derogatory sexual act). Following this I believe "ripe for the" was meant as ripe for the taking, in reference to the future RW plans.
EDIT: @Floredai - I actually believe this was just a case of the props had been prepared for the show, but they had to show Tywin writing and so the letter had been largely made already, but Charles Dance's writing needed to be shown on screen and therefore he only wrote a few words, for the sake of time saving.
					
					
							Edited by SerSavage, 02 April 2013 - 10:30 AM.
1005	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	Wouldn't he have to know that Robb has married Talisa to start prepping the RW?Technically no - it might be that his marrying Talisa gave them another reason for the RW, but they could easily have planned this for a Frey-Robb wedding as well.  Frey always hated being slighted and he always feels slighted at, well, everything.
1006	FloredaA—	2013-04-02	SerSavage : I'm sure you're right; it makes much more sense and the fact that nobody else noticed prooves it's only my old-writings nerdiness.showing.
1007	Kasrith	2013-04-02	Epic forshadowing
1008	BastardFromTheNorth	2013-04-02	Great post. Epic foreshadowing. I saw it as it happened and knew wat it was but its great seeing the validation and other readers catching it too
1009	dubq	2013-04-02	What struck me was the difference in writing between the beginning of the letter and what we see Tywin writing. My first thought was "wow it seems Jaime inherited his poor penmanship from someone", and I wondered if we were shown something important. But it would suggest that the beginning was dictated to someone else, which seems improbable.So maybe it's only that writing with a quill pen is a skill Charles Dance didn't have time to learn.I really just think you're seeing writing done previously to prepare the prop and then the fresher ink is stuff they wanted to film Dance writing so that he's actually interacting with the prop and not just faking a scrawl.
1010	Soiled Septa	2013-04-02	Well we got a nice closeup on the sealing wax. If they want to use an anvil, we will see Roose opening a letter sealed this way.
1011	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	Technically no - it might be that his marrying Talisa gave them another reason for the RW, but they could easily have planned this for a Frey-Robb wedding as well.  Frey always hated being slighted and he always feels slighted at, well, everything.precicely, and they don't want to over-complicate the show for casual watchers.I'm intrigued, if they put in this foreshadowing, how many other points did i miss or take for granted?
1012	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-02	Ok finally had a chance to watch this again and pause it.  This is what I can read:...mined to scavenge......__xy be long, we shall ____ to fill... (cannot figure out what the word is)...need those supplies for a long while to come......___ufull hunt deserves to be marked. I h__......__ck and ripe for th...His new writing includes the last two lines above. I believe we can conclude the line is "successfull hunt deserves to marked." I think this may be to Bolton since he is talking about a "hunt" in the previous scene. Perhaps Tywin is indicating that if the hunt (i.e. Jamie's return to KL)for his son goes well he will be rewardedhttps://www.dropbox....atmlpko/GOT.JPG
					
					
							Edited by Nymeria's pup, 02 April 2013 - 09:12 PM.
1013	Lord Godric	2013-04-02	Well we got a nice closeup on the sealing wax. If they want to use an anvil, we will see Roose opening a letter sealed this way.I also expect that we'll see that seal somewhere it shouldn't be later. I can't imagine that Roose and Tywin have been in communicate for long though, I mean Roose was traveling with Robb this whole time.  Unless the producers/writers just don't take that into consideration.
1014	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-02	I did get excited when they made a point of showing the text of the letter he was writing. I gave pausing a go but there's nothing significant to pick up really which is a shame.
1015	Honey Badger	2013-04-02	It'd have to be Tywin making Red Wedding preparations.  Robb has foolishly slighted the Freys, anything between now and then will be ample time for various players to plot.
1016	stiff_pirates	2013-04-03	An interesting point regarding the deciphered text in Tywin's letter:
"...hunt deserves to be marked..."
Could this refer to Talisa?
We know in season 2 she mentioned that the people on Volantis brand the faces of their slaves, and we know Jorah gets this done to him in the books.
Also, her presence at (what looks like) the red wedding in the season 3 trailers suggests she must suffer some fate at the hands of Bolton/Frey etc.
Basically, would it be a long shot if Talisa suffered an ironic face branding as a result of her being cozy with Stark's? Would be kind of brutal to have a direwolf forever scarred into her cheek. Or worse, a Lannister Lion/Bolton Flayed Man/Frey Towers = so she never 'forgets where her allegiance should lie'...
					
					
							Edited by stiff_pirates, 03 April 2013 - 04:52 AM.
1017	Mulled Wino	2013-04-03	It's always possible Talisa told Tywin herself if you believe this rumor that Talisa is really a Lannister spy:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgOtherwise, we know he has spies in the Stark camp, as based on his conversations in Harrenhall last season.His spies arent very effective, at all.
1018	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	[img]http://i1004.photobu...54s169.png[/img][img]http://i1004.photobu...26s158.png[/img]...tempt the wolves...cleared the forest...revenge on our ____That's some pretty neat handwriting.I know how to write like this. /smug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smug:' />That kind of handwriting was also used in "The Book of Kells".
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Tyrion, 06 April 2013 - 05:45 AM.
1019	Clariana	2013-04-05	An interesting point regarding the deciphered text in Tywin's letter:"...hunt deserves to be marked..."Could this refer to Talisa?We know in season 2 she mentioned that the people on Volantis brand the faces of their slaves, and we know Jorah gets this done to him in the books.Also, her presence at (what looks like) the red wedding in the season 3 trailers suggests she must suffer some fate at the hands of Bolton/Frey etc.Basically, would it be a long shot if Talisa suffered an ironic face branding as a result of her being cozy with Stark's? Would be kind of brutal to have a direwolf forever scarred into her cheek. Or worse, a Lannister Lion/Bolton Flayed Man/Frey Towers = so she never 'forgets where her allegiance should lie'..."She lay with wolves" gruesome.I think it would be more effective if her punishment is to be slain with all the rest of them at the RW. That would also put an end to the character.Oh yes, and she could support the Frey's request that Grey Wind be left outside.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 05 April 2013 - 06:45 AM.
1020	Caryn Stark	2013-04-05	"She lay with wolves" gruesome.I think it would be more effective if her punishment is to be slain with all the rest of them at the RW. That would also put an end to the character.Oh yes, and she could support the Frey's request that Grey Wind be left outside.But if she has a part in keeping grey wind outside, won't the big puppy realise she is no good? I realise they are largely cutting the characterisations of the direwolves as seen in books, but... Why hasn't Grey Wind sniffed her or the others out? I am hoping she is a spy so that her character changes aren't so dramatic but I fear it's wishful thinking.
1021	beric_dondarrion	2013-04-05	I loved this scene, just wish he would have busted out the "quills" line.  Thanks so much for posting those stills.Maybe the "quills" line will be included in the upcoming small council meeting. You know, the best small council meeting ever, with Tywin, Tyrion, Cersei, Kevan, LF, Varys, and Pycelle.
1022	The Pita	2013-04-06	If she's a spy, that'll be awesome. It'll also let the showrunners keep her and add her to King's Landing, which is something they appear to be fond of (Hey Ros!)
1023	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	As usual, people read whatever they want into a scene. Looking at the screenshots, there is nothing that really suggests that he is writing RW plans, unless you twist the words around and interpret them very freely.
Come on guys, its the first episode, 8 more to go before the RW happens. I doubt Tywin even knows about Talisa and Robb yet.
In season 2 there was a short close-up of the letter Arya stole from Tywin, and that did not contain any hints about a major future event. Its been done before, so its probably just a stylistic filming choice.
Remember that the showrunners are creating this show with a TV Audience in mind, so i doubt they would add plot-related information to a letter that you only see for a few seconds and only people who download the episode illegaly can pause and read.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 06 April 2013 - 07:25 AM.
1024	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-17	FYI Maester Ruin you do not have to download the episode illegally to read it. I simply paused it while watching it via On Demand and took a photo of the TV screen with my phone. They can add little easter eggs like this to keep people talking and guessing. I bet they knew that the book readers would be salivating at that letter else wise why bother to show the script of the letter? They could have just shown him writing without displaying the text. Anyway I just did this for fun to pass the time. I cannot say that the letter actually gives anything away and will not know until the season is over.
1025	Capt Banjo	2013-04-30	Does episode 5 prove these letters are not RW plans to Roose? I would think Roose would've handled Locke differently when he returned with unhanded Jaime.
1026	Ghosteline	2013-04-02	Could someone explain what was that all about? And why was it necessary?
1027	Nictarion	2013-04-03	I'm not sure what the woman who plays Ros has on D&D to get so much screen time. Her scenes really irritate me when there are so many better characters she is taking screen time away from.
1028	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	I'm thinking Ros will have a big part to play in
	Spoiler Sansa's escape from KL.

Hence her added screentime.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 03 April 2013 - 12:54 AM.
1029	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	I'm thinking Ros will have a big part to play in
	Spoiler Sansa's escape from KL.
Hence her added screentime.Agree. Or maybe
	Spoiler Shae's eventual betrayal of Tyrion. 
They have to find some way to deal with that since they made Shae such a whiny, emotional little pain in the ass rather than the far more subtle character she was in the books. They completely RUINED her character IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Smith, 03 April 2013 - 01:04 AM.
1030	Titan	2013-04-03	I actually really liked the Ros/Shae conversation. A nice callback to Ros actually being from Winterfell, and showing the common people's respect/reverence for the Stark family.
1031	Salome Sand Witch	2013-04-03	At least after 2 seasons, someone seems to have given Ros the acting note to stop talking through her gritted teeth... /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
					
					
							Edited by Salome Sand Witch, 03 April 2013 - 01:13 AM.
1032	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-03	I actually really liked the Ros/Shae conversation. A nice callback to Ros actually being from Winterfell, and showing the common people's respect/reverence for the Stark family. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />She's basically asking Shae to take care of Sansa.
1033	Lord_Ravenstone	2013-04-03	They have to find some way to deal with that since they made Shae such a whiny, emotional little pain in the ass rather than the far more subtle character she was in the books. They completely RUINED her character IMO.Lol. What's there to ruin? Shae was a little bitch in the books.
1034	Warrior Queen	2013-04-03	I actually like Ros. Esme Bianco is IMO a good actress and Ros seems like a very clever and calculated character. I really wonder in which direction D&D are taking her! It anoys me that people talk shit about her, just because she is a non-book character made up by the showrunners.
					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 03 April 2013 - 04:41 PM.
1035	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Lol. What's there to ruin? Shae was a little bitch in the books.Maybe, but she was a lot more soft and feminine, and more importantly
	Spoiler She didn't profess to love Tyrion like she did in the movie, she was a purely sexual animal. IMO it made her eventual betrayal of Tyrion far more believable, now it'll just be like... WTF?
1036	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	Which is why, most likely,
	Spoiler 
Tywin will kill Shae.
I won be into it, but for tv and for Tyrion needing a good reason to kill him. Makes sense.
It will be like tysha 2.0

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:00 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1037	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-03	I'm not sure what the woman who plays Ros has on D&D to get so much screen time. Her scenes really irritate me when there are so many better characters she is taking screen time away from.Honestly, what's with all the constant complaining about Ros. The scene was about thirty seconds long. Get over it.She is an excellent character that is giving viewers insight into how the common people get fucked over by the highborn constantly, as well as serving to give insight into the minds of many important characters. In this case: Tyrion, Pycelle, Littlefinger, Varys, Cersei and so on.
1038	Vikingkingq	2013-04-03	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />She's basically asking Shae to take care of Sansa.And acting as a double-agent, warning Shae against Littlefinger on Varys' behalf.
1039	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-03	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />She's basically asking Shae to take care of Sansa.Agree but I don't think is out of respect for the Starks rather than her having a slight idea of what baelish would like to do with Sansa.
1040	Ghosteline	2013-04-03	I guess Ros does have an important scene coming up. But as English is not my first language, it was a bit tricky for me to make up what were they talking about - especially with Shaes accent. So Ros was telling her to take care of Sansa?
1041	Newstar	2013-04-03	I think the scene accomplished a few things of importance, which I can't really discuss without getting into book spoilers, so here goes, underneath the cut:
	Spoiler 1. Sets up Ros' role this season (managing Littlefinger's affairs, while we know from 2x10 that she's also going to be spying for Varys). This will probably play into Sansa's arc in some way. (Ros could be the "Dontos"--helps Sansa in the escape attempt, coldly murdered by Littlefinger to cover his tracks--but it's too early to tell.)2. Provides a reminder from Shae that Sansa is "important," even though everyone has forgotten about her and she's been eclipsed by Margaery. Her "importance" is mentioned in relation to Winterfell, which ties into the fact that Sansa is "important" because she may become the heir to Winterfell, a fact the Lannisters seem to have forgotten for the moment but that the Tyrells assuredly have not.3. Provides information to Shae that Sansa needs protection, which ties into later developments, although it's difficult to say how given that this is a divergence from the books.4. Reminds the audience that Littlefinger is bad news (as Ros, whose dialogue also suggests a certain respect/affection for Sansa, has been on the receiving end of LF's cruelty), and that his intentions towards Sansa are likely less than benevolent whatever his offer of escape/assistance might be.5. Establishes/confirms Shae's seeming affection for/protectiveness of Sansa, which will likely lead to drama down the line when Sansa weds Tyrion.
There was also the obligatory on the nose commentary about women having to dig their way out of the sex worker mud, blah blah blah ain't no shame ladies do your thang just make you're ahead of the game, blah blah blah, but I don't consider that important for plot purposes.Someone who's seen the first four episodes also had this TV spoiler (not a book spoiler) about Shae in eps 3x02-3x04, which might explain the "point" of Ros asking Shae to watch out for Sansa:
	Spoiler Shae asks Tyrion to help protect Sansa, then gets jealous when he talks about how beautiful she is. (Tyrion and Sansa apparently don't interact in the first four at all, so I'm not sure if Tyrion actually does anything to help Sansa.)...It seems too early to tell (interviews from Peter Dinklage and Sibel Kekilli made it sound as if Tyrion and Shae would be even closer and more lovey-dovey this season than in Season 2), but it sounds as if the writers are going to use jealousy/revenge as a wedge--maybe even the wedge--to drive Shae and Tyrion apart and explain Shae's betrayal. If TV Shae genuinely loves Tyrion, jealousy and feelings of betrayal might explain why she'll turn on him. I really doubt TV Shae is going to be as nonchalant about the wedding as Book Shae.

					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 April 2013 - 02:27 AM.
1042	Salome Sand Witch	2013-04-03	It anoys me that people talk shit about her, just because she is a non-book character made up by the showrunners.This is not my reasongiving viewers insight into how the common people get fucked over by the highborn constantly, as well as serving to give insight into the minds of many important characters. In this case: Tyrion, Pycelle, Littlefinger, Varys, Cersei and so on.And Theon, and Shae and and and.  There are only so many "sexposition" scenes I can handle, and I have not been happy with her acting skills (as often mentioned her speaking through gritted teeth is only one of my critiques).  It also doesn't help that it seems they give her tons of screen time when there are simple, and very beautiful, moments and characters that we are missing out on.Edit:  Newstar posted while I was writing - some good point(s).  This was the first exposition scene where Ros kept her clothes on.
					
					
							Edited by Salome Sand Witch, 03 April 2013 - 02:06 AM.
1043	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-03	And Theon, and Shae and and and.  There are only so many "sexposition" scenes I can handle, and I have not been happy with her acting skills (as often mentioned her speaking through gritted teeth is only one of my critiques).  It also doesn't help that it seems they give her tons of screen time when there are simple, and very beautiful, moments and characters that we are missing out on.Why can't you handle it? If they need to do an exposition why not provide the sex backdrop? What's wrong with that?Besides, I think Esme has done a terrific job.
1044	Woman of War	2013-04-03	She is an excellent character that is giving viewers insight into how the common people get fucked over by the highborn constantly, as well as serving to give insight into the minds of many important characters. In this case: Tyrion, Pycelle, Littlefinger, Varys, Cersei and so on./agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />It was good to have been reminded that Ros actually is from Winterfell. She may help Sansa to escape out of genuine conviction - and she may die for it.And I like the actress!
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 03 April 2013 - 02:18 AM.
1045	Words of Winter	2013-04-03	Spoiler Which is why, most likely, Tywin will kill Shae.I won be into it, but for tv and for Tyrion needing a good reason to kill him. Makes sense.It will be like tysha 2.0
This is what I think will happen.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:03 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1046	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-03	Well, as Doreah said, "men talk when they're happy" so, I guess it's the only and more reliable way a prostitute in Westeros is going to know what men are saying.
1047	Clariana	2013-04-03	Spoiler Which is why, most likely, Tywin will kill Shae.I won be into it, but for tv and for Tyrion needing a good reason to kill him. Makes sense.It will be like tysha 2.0

	Spoiler Yes, this is my thought too, Shae is too good (in the moral sense) a character for readers to be expected to sympathise if Tyrry kills her so Tywin will or she will die in course of some plot or other and Tyrion killing Tywin will in part be to avenge her death.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:04 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1048	Clariana	2013-04-03	I guess Ros does have an important scene coming up. But as English is not my first language, it was a bit tricky for me to make up what were they talking about - especially with Shaes accent. So Ros was telling her to take care of Sansa?Ros said something like... "Be careful of him..." meaning Baelish and added "Be careful of her with him...", ie, look out because he is planning something involving Sansa.
1049	D_Richard	2013-04-03	Could someone explain what was that all about? And why was it necessary?I'm not sure what the woman who plays Ros has on D&D to get so much screen time. Her scenes really irritate me when there are so many better characters she is taking screen time away from.Well, now you're hating for hate's sake at this point.Get over it.
1050	SkyBry	2013-04-03	I actually like Ros. Esmee Bianco is IMO a good actress and Ros seems like a very clever and calculated character. I really wonder in which direction D&D are taking her! It anoys me that people talk shit about her, just because she is a non-book character made up by the showrunners.You're absolutely right! Some people really can't separate the show and the books unfortunately...
1051	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Spoiler 
Tywin better not kill Shae. Tyrion murdering her is a significant darkening of his character which the show really shouldn't change. It also explains his descent into the perverted misogyny he displays in ADWD.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:06 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1052	targhus	2013-04-03	Just something that crossed my mind, but thinking about it..it doesn't make sense..
Ros may be getting so much screen time now is because she can be a candidate for...
	Spoiler Fake Arya. I'm not sure how they are going to introduce Jeyne Poole at this point. Ros is a Northern girl, in Baelishs control. Obvi there are things that don't support it, one being the fact that she looks NOTHING like Arya.
1053	Loras	2013-04-03	I really enjoyed this exchange.  It is nice to see the minor characters getting fleshed out, particularly Ros who has been part of the show for 21 episodes now.
I liked hearing about Sansa's birth - as others have pointed out it shows the love that Ned had for his daughter and the respect of the common people towards Ned.
I thought they were the highlight of the scene, especially when compared to Aiden Gillen's Littlefinger - someone I'd quite happily push the mute button on.
1054	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Just something that crossed my mind, but thinking about it..it doesn't make sense..Ros may be getting so much screen time now is because she can be a candidate for...
	Spoiler Fake Arya. I'm not sure how they are going to introduce Jeyne Poole at this point. Ros is a Northern girl, in Baelishs control. Obvi there are things that don't support it, one being the fact that she looks NOTHING like Arya.
I once had the idea that she would instead be fake Sansa, given her history with Theon, but I doubt that would happen.
1055	zaphodbrx	2013-04-03	I'm thinking Ros will have a big part to play in
	Spoiler Sansa's escape from KL.
Hence her added screentime.But how will that happen, if Ros is a Varys double agent?Won't Varys try to prevent it, or just play along?
1056	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	I once had the idea that she would instead be fake Sansa, given her history with Theon, but I doubt that would happen.That's actually a good theory. I had assumed Littlefinger was doing her due to her red hair etc...
	Spoiler I have no idea how they'll have a fake Arya now, but a fake Sansa? In the books it's stated she's well developed and curvy for her age, and if the whole Harry the Heir thing is in the show that could be much more interesting with Sansa plotting against LittleFinger because of Fake Sansa in Winterfell.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:07 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1057	Newstar	2013-04-03	I liked hearing about Sansa's birth - as others have pointed out it shows the love that Ned had for his daughter and the respect of the common people towards Ned.I liked it, but when you think about it, it was awfully depressing: when she was born, Sansa was so loved and so wanted when she was born that the bells were rung all day, but now, in King's Landing, she's in an environment where she's forgotten about and shunted to the side by all but Shae (who's pretty much stuck with her no matter how many annoying make-believe games she's forced to play) and Littlefinger (creeper). Others may take an interest in her for political (or creeper) reasons from here on in, but the love and joy those at Winterfell took in her existence that would cause them to ring the bells all day for her are gone.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 April 2013 - 03:40 AM.
1058	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	But how will that happen, if Ros is a Varys double agent?Won't Varys try to prevent it, or just play along?
	Spoiler I assume they'll have Varys be aware of the plot, but do nothing to stop it. After all, it only helps his purpose. However, when Ros reaches the boat, LF reveals to her that he knew that she was spying on him, and then has her killed.
That's actually a good theory. I had assumed Littlefinger was doing her due to her red hair etc...
	Spoiler I have no idea how they'll have a fake Arya now, but a fake Sansa? In the books it's stated she's well developed and curvy for her age, and if the whole Harry the Heir thing is in the show that could be much more interesting with Sansa plotting against LittleFinger because of Fake Sansa in Winterfell.
Thanks /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. I thought it was a good theory too,
	Spoiler but then again Sansa would be wanted for treason charges, so there's that.I've heard that the character "Myranda" that's been cast for the show might be Fake Arya. She's briefly shown being disrobed in one of the trailers.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:11 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1059	Alice in Westeros	2013-04-03	Just something that crossed my mind, but thinking about it..it doesn't make sense..Ros may be getting so much screen time now is because she can be a candidate for...
	Spoiler Fake Arya. I'm not sure how they are going to introduce Jeyne Poole at this point. Ros is a Northern girl, in Baelishs control. Obvi there are things that don't support it, one being the fact that she looks NOTHING like Arya.

	Spoiler That what I thought too when I saw this scene the whole "I grew up in her shadow" things (can't remember what she said exactly but it was something like that) reminded me of Jeyne. I don't know how they could do it exactly, it would have to be FakeSansa, and that just raises to many issues, but I think that Ros will have something to do with this particular plot point in one way or another.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:11 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1060	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Spoiler I assume they'll have Varys be aware of the plot, but do nothing to stop it. After all, it only helps his purpose. However, when Ros reaches the boat, LF reveals to her that he knew that she was spying on him, and then has her killed.Thanks /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />. I thought it was a good theory too, but then again Sansa would be wanted for treason charges, so there's that.I've heard that the character "Myranda" that's been cast for the show might be Fake Arya. She's briefly shown being disrobed in one of the trailers.

	Spoiler That what I thought too when I saw this scene the whole "I grew up in her shadow" things (can't remember what she said exactly but it was something like that) reminded me of Jeyne. I don't know how they could do it exactly, it would have to be FakeSansa, and that just raises to many issues, but I think that Ros will have something to do with this particular plot point in one way or another.
Well maybe Sansa won't be wanted for treason, as we 
	Spoiler We don't know how the PW will go, maybe even with the hairnet she'll merely be wanted for escaping, but not as a suspect. 
 A stretch I know but I really like this theory lol.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:12 PM.
							
								added spoiler tags
1061	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Spoiler 
If they do use Ros as fake Sansa, that allows them to do the wedding night scene if needed.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:12 PM.
1062	Iotun	2013-04-03	Spoiler 
I don't get why people think that Tywin will kill Shae. Its such a needless change, and has much less impact than the books. I think some of you lack imagination in being unable to see how Shae could come to betray Tyrion and how he can go about to kill her. Just because they have a more loving relationship now doesn't mean that it can't deteriorate, and it'll actually be more emotionally impactful if Tyrion kills somebody with whom he had actual feelings, rather than a girl who had never actually pretended to be anything other than a whore. In many ways Tyrion killing Shae in the books was much worse because Shae never pretended to be anything but a whore in the books, and thus her betrayal of him is much less severe.
My own prediction is that Tyrion and Shae will start coming apart in this season, first because Shae will hate how tyrion is cowed by his father and unwilling to recognize her because of his threats, and secondly because of the fallout that will be caused by Tyrion agreeing to marry Sansa, which show Shae is unlikely to take kindly given her commitment to Sansa. How do you imagine show Shae to take that decision given that her lover is unwilling to recognize her, and is willing to marry a teenage girl whom she is trying to protect, just because he is cowed by his fatehr, and partly because he is tempted by the promise of taking Winterfell?

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:13 PM.
1063	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Spoiler If they do use Ros as fake Sansa, that allows them to do the wedding night scene if needed.That scene was the one that disturbed me the most in the entire series thus far. I wonder if we'll see Ramsay sexually abuse Reek too? (Not that what he makes Reek do isn't sexual abuse...)As long as they leave at the scene where he takes a dump on her chest.... ShudderBut I agree, a fake Sansa would allow for more leeway to show the abuse of Ros/Jeyne/Whatever.It would also show that Littefinger's speech when she was crying about Robert's murdered bastard excellent (and uber chilling) foreshadowing.Then there's always the possibility they'll just go the road of 'everyone knows this isn't Arya, it's ridiculously obvious but what do we say?'

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:13 PM.
1064	Balefont	2013-04-03	Shea and who? I just thought it was some random whore.
1065	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Spoiler I don't get why people think that Tywin will kill Shae. Its such a needless change, and has much less impact than the books. I think some of you lack imagination in being unable to see how Shae could come to betray Tyrion and how he can go about to kill her. Just because they have a more loving relationship now doesn't mean that it can't deteriorate, and it'll actually be more emotionally impactful if Tyrion kills somebody with whom he had actual feelings, rather than a girl who had never actually pretended to be anything other than a whore. In many ways Tyrion killing Shae in the books was much worse because Shae never pretended to be anything but a whore in the books, and thus her betrayal of him is much less severe.My own prediction is that Tyrion and Shae will start coming apart in this season, first because Shae will hate how tyrion is cowed by his father and unwilling to recognize her because of his threats, and secondly because of the fallout that will be caused by Tyrion agreeing to marry Sansa, which show Shae is unlikely to take kindly given her commitment to Sansa. How do you imagine show Shae to take that decision given that her lover is unwilling to recognize her, and is willing to marry a teenage girl whom she is trying to protect, just because he is cowed by his fatehr, and partly because he is tempted by the promise of taking Winterfell?

	Spoiler I agree, I also think they'll start to come apart because Tyrion will be very attracted to Sansa and sexually frustrated. So Shae will be hearing Sansa's misery and getting more upset at Tyrion's lust.I agree it's very important he kills Shae, it's crucial to the darkening of his character (which at least on the show will slowing start with his lust for Sansa, and the frustration of all the mocking from everyone at court knowing they never consummated)Killing Tywin after what he did with Tysha was no surprise, Tyrion snapping at the betrayal of Shae and feeling a fool for thinking she truly loved him after Sansa's revulsion, the mocking, the PW... He needs to kill from rage, not revenge like with Tywin. I always viewed his murder of Shae as not just the obvious humiliation, but all the anger and humiliation he's endured his whole life, ever since Tysha,

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:14 PM.
1066	Daske	2013-04-03	I thought this little scene was one of the best of the episode. Wonderfully understated. There's a lot going on in just a few lines of dialogue.
1067	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Spoiler That scene was the one that disturbed me the most in the entire series thus far. I wonder if we'll see Ramsay sexually abuse Reek too? (Not that what he makes Reek do isn't sexual abuse...)As long as they leave at the scene where he takes a dump on her chest.... ShudderBut I agree, a fake Sansa would allow for more leeway to show the abuse of Ros/Jeyne/Whatever.It would also show that Littefinger's speech when she was crying about Robert's murdered bastard excellent (and uber chilling) foreshadowing.Then there's always the possibility they'll just go the road of 'everyone knows this isn't Arya, it's ridiculously obvious but what do we say?'

	Spoiler Wait, Ramsay SHAT ON HER CHEST? /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />  I can't believe I don't remember that. Well, either way, it would be definitely toned down, if they even bother including it. Heh. Joffrey's scene with the whores is mere child's play compared to Jeyne's wedding night.Oh, as for Ramsay sexually abusing Reek, judging by the spoilers for this season:  [ spoiler ]Apparently Theon is nearly raped by Bolton men, but Ramsay saves him by killing them. This works well because not only would it make Theon feel emasculated, but it would also make him feel indebted to Ramsay[ /spoiler ]Agree on the foreshadowing bit. It goes well with Jeyne getting "training" in the brothel.
The way I see it, they have 3 seperate ways to fulfill the Ros saga.
	Spoiler Once LF leaves KL, there's no real use for her. So they can either: 1) have her as a substitute for Dontos 2) have her as a substitute for Kyra-she can choose to leave KL, and head home, only to be captured and taken to the Dreadfort 3) have her as a substitute for fake Arya. Either way, poor old Ros is going to suffer. (I guess that should satisfy book purists)

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:19 PM.
1068	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Spoiler Wait, Ramsay SHAT ON HER CHEST? /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />  I can't believe I don't remember that. Well, either way, it would be definitely toned down, if they even bother including it. Heh. Joffrey's scene with the whores is mere child's play compared to Jeyne's wedding night.Oh, as for Ramsay sexually abusing Reek, judging by the spoilers for this season:  [ spoiler ]Apparently Theon is nearly raped by Bolton men, but Ramsay saves him by killing them. This works well because not only would it make Theon feel emasculated, but it would also make him feel indebted to Ramsay[ /spoiler ]Agree on the foreshadowing bit. It goes well with Jeyne getting "training" in the brothel.
The way I see it, they have 3 seperate ways to fulfill the Ros saga. 
	Spoiler Once LF leaves KL, there's no real use for her. So they can either: 1) have her as a substitute for Dontos 2) have her as a substitute for Kyra-she can choose to leave KL, and head home, only to be captured and taken to the Dreadfort 3) have her as a substitute for fake Arya. Either way, poor old Ros is going to suffer. (I guess that should satisfy book purists)
Yep, another poster on here told me after I asked
	Spoiler what Ramsay did to Jeyne with his dogs,
I totally agree on the bolded. I think Shae will substitute Dontos, so I think it'll be option 2 or 3.
	Spoiler It does make me sad to think people would actually be happy to see Ros receive the Reek treatment. Theon didn't deserve it and he actually did bad things.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:19 PM.
1069	Mulled Wino	2013-04-03	That's actually a good theory. I had assumed Littlefinger was doing her due to her red hair etc...
	Spoiler I have no idea how they'll have a fake Arya now, but a fake Sansa? In the books it's stated she's well developed and curvy for her age, and if the whole Harry the Heir thing is in the show that could be much more interesting with Sansa plotting against LittleFinger because of Fake Sansa in Winterfell.
Its terrible actually.  
	Spoiler She's about 12-15 yrs older than arya.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:20 PM.
1070	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Its terrible actually. 
	Spoiler She's about 12-15 yrs older than arya.

	Spoiler Unless they do FakeSansa?I like the idea that everyone would know it isn't really Arya and their reactions. In the books we only get Theon's POV and he suspects people know. I would love to see the Northmen reaction to such a ridiculous 'Arya'

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:20 PM.
1071	moonsblood	2013-04-03	Spoiler 
I'm thinking Ros will take over for Dontos and give Sansa the hair net (possibly this season) and then, next season lead her to the ship.  Littlefinger will have found out that she was working for Varys and will (hopefully) kill her like Dontos.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:20 PM.
1072	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	I actually really liked the Ros/Shae conversation. A nice callback to Ros actually being from Winterfell, and showing the common people's respect/reverence for the Stark family. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> My thoughts exactly. And I guess they wanted to show the difference between Shae and Ros. Two persons "working" in the same field, but two completely different characters. And after all, Shae is known at court as Sansa's handmaid.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Tyrion, 03 April 2013 - 08:13 AM.
1073	moonsblood	2013-04-03	Yep, another poster on here told me after I asked
	Spoiler what Ramsay did to Jeyne with his dogs,
Where can I find this?  
	Spoiler I had no idea about shitting on chests!

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:21 PM.
1074	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Where can I find this?  
	Spoiler I had no idea about shitting on chests!
I'm not sure sorry, I asked on a thread (I think it might have been the Hypothetical Ramsay Bolton thread?) about
	Spoiler what he did to Jeyne with the dogs as they were bitches, and a poster said it was implied he defecated on Jeyne and Theon.

					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:22 PM.
1075	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Regarding Ros taking Dontos role:
	Spoiler Ros taking Dontos spot doesn't make much sense because Littlefinger has taken Dontos spot.  The whole point of using Dontos was so that Littlefinger wouldn't be directly seen interacting with Sansa and he wouldn't be suspected in her disappearance at all.  Sansa doesn't even know that Littlefinger is behind Dontos.  TV Littlefinger conspires directly with Sansa to help her escape in public places, so what's the point of having a Dontos replacement?
1076	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	I actually like Ros. Esmee Bianco is IMO a good actress and Ros seems like a very clever and calculated character. I really wonder in which direction D&D are taking her! It anoys me that people talk shit about her, just because she is a non-book character made up by the showrunners.I hate her, because she is a non-book character that gets alot of screentime while actual important book characters, who I've really enjoyed reading about, get introduced later or left out completly.That fact places Ros very high on my show character hate list. So far she is #2, but i have a strong feeling, that this season she will take Jof's #1 spot /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> (I saw neither Val nor Dalla, but had to endure what seemed an eternity with her...)
					
					
							Edited by nyos, 03 April 2013 - 11:14 AM.
1077	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	I actually like Ros. Esmee Bianco is IMO a good actress and Ros seems like a very clever and calculated character. I really wonder in which direction D&D are taking her! It anoys me that people talk shit about her, just because she is a non-book character made up by the showrunners.I second that Warrior Queen.  Fanboys seem to have a problem with her and are unable absorb the scene dynamic for frothing over Ros' existence.
1078	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	I second that Warrior Queen.  Fanboys seem to have a problem with her and are unable absorb the scene dynamic for frothing over Ros' existence.I wrote what i hate about it the most.GRRM gave the showrunners more than 2000 characters to pick from, but no they have to create their own. Why on gods green earth they would choose a for the story completely useless whore, i can't understand at all.So this, non-book character gets alot of (imo wasted) screentime, while other important, funny or intriguing book characters get left out, is what i hate... alot!
1079	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	I wrote what i hate about it the most.GRRM gave the showrunners more than 2000 characters to pick from, but no they have to create their own. Why on gods green earth they would choose a for the story completely useless whore, i can't understand at all.So this, non-book character gets alot of (imo wasted) screentime, while other important, funny or intriguing book characters get left out, is what i hate... alot!The fact that you refer to her character as a "useless whore", not only speaks volumes, but proves my point.  If she didn't have breasts and a vulva, would you like her better?
1080	Tadco26	2013-04-03	The fact that you refer to her character as a "useless whore", not only speaks volumes, but proves my point.  If she didn't have breasts and a vulva, would you like her better?No, if the character was a male character who they made up and devoted practically the same amount of screen time they do to many of the PoV characters that would be annoying too.  Not that all of her scenes are bad, but there is virtually always something that they have to cut due to time restrictions that would be better.
1081	Clariana	2013-04-03	I wrote what i hate about it the most.GRRM gave the showrunners more than 2000 characters to pick from, but no they have to create their own. Why on gods green earth they would choose a for the story completely useless whore, i can't understand at all.So this, non-book character gets alot of (imo wasted) screentime, while other important, funny or intriguing book characters get left out, is what i hate... alot!Ros introduces us to Theon and his attitude to women.She gives us an inside view on Littlefinger.She shows us Pycelle is not quite the doddery, sweet old man he is pretending to be and demonstrates that Joffrey is a sadist.Ie she's used as a link and to show us the darker aspects of life in KL, I think that's pretty good.
1082	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	No, if the character was a male character who they made up and devoted practically the same amount of screen time they do to many of the PoV characters that would be annoying too.  Not that all of her scenes are bad, but there is virtually always something that they have to cut due to time restrictions that would be better.You know this how?  Have you personally read every script. pour over every story board and hashed out what, who, when, where and how D&D plan their adaptation?  Or is it just want YOU want to see so be damned that the professionals film what they want to film?
1083	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	Ros introduces us to Theon and his attitude to women.She gives us an inside view on Littlefinger.She shows us Pycelle is not quite the doddery, sweet old man he is pretending to be and demonstrates that Joffrey is a sadist.Ie she's used as a link and to show us the darker aspects of life in KL, I think that's pretty good.She also introduces us to Tyrion when he arrives North with the royal family.
1084	mankytoes	2013-04-03	Spoiler Which is why, most likely, Tywin will kill Shae.I won be into it, but for tv and for Tyrion needing a good reason to kill him. Makes sense.It will be like tysha 2.0
Agreed, Shae has done several selfless things in the tv show, so the book events wouldn't really make sense.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 02:23 PM.
1085	Brienne Of Bombay	2013-04-03	I liked the interaction between Ros and Shae. It would be interesting to see what Shae's arc would be in the show..
1086	Elba the Intoner	2013-04-03	I was surprised that I actually liked this scene but I did.  I thought what Ros, who is from the North and near Winterfell, said to Shae about Sansa's birth was touching and her warning about watching out for Sansa with LF was nice.  I guess I was surprised because normally I don't like the Ros scenes but I realize this has nothing to do with the actress or character but rather with the fact that she usually turns up in some way over the top, annoying, gratuitous brothel scene.  I'm okay with Ros and I think Esme is doing a fine job with her.  Now if we are talking about hating a character that was completely made up for the show in a poorly written storyline where her character exposition took precious time away from actual book characters, then that award for me goes to Talisa.  I really can't stand anything about that character but since this thread isn't about her I'll shut up now.
1087	Soiled Septa	2013-04-03	This scene is indicative of the way Ros should be in the series. Small doses to facilitate movements of major characters. I liked her in this scene a lot. The callback to Winterfell was great and really rounds out this world.The rapid promotions are where the show runners lose me.Littlefinger first finds her in need of serious training in Season 1. plausibleThen she is promoted to a supervisory role in Season 2. okay...He then has to remind her of how little he values her by threatening to ship her off if she can't earn. realisticThen Varys thinks she would be a perfect addition to his network. Why her? It rings as way too convenient.Now she handles Littlefinger's affairs! Really? Can she even read?
1088	zaphodbrx	2013-04-03	This scene is indicative of the way Ros should be in the series. Small doses to facilitate movements of major characters. I liked her in this scene a lot. The callback to Winterfell was great and really rounds out this world.The rapid promotions are where the show runners lose me.Littlefinger first finds her in need of serious training in Season 1. plausibleThen she is promoted to a supervisory role in Season 2. okay...He then has to remind her of how little he values her by threatening to ship her off if she can't earn. realisticThen Varys thinks she would be a perfect addition to his network. Why her? It rings as way too convenient.Now she handles Littlefinger's affairs! Really? Can she even read?This exactly! It doesn't make any sense.In season 1, her only role was to get naked while characters spout exposition ( Tyrion, Theon, Littlefinger, Pycelle )In s2e1, she was quite clearly a 'manager' of sorts, telling other whores what to do.In the next two episodes, she was back to plain whore ( LF scene, Joffrey abuse )Then she made a 'deal' with Varys ( who was apparently stupid enough to do so in LF's brothel where there are peepholes everywhere, but who cares show!Varys is still lightyears ahead of show!Littlefinger, who is a bumbling idiot who spends 90% of his time training whores and the remaining time offending highborn ladies - Cersei 'power is power' , Catelyn 'hey baby I heard you're single again' etc )Now she's handling affairs for LF? Hmm..
1089	Eira Seren	2013-04-03	I'm not sure what the woman who plays Ros has on D&D to get so much screen time. Her scenes really irritate me when there are so many better characters she is taking screen time away from.i will always suspect that they are still awkwardly trying to weave Ros into better, already existing plot only because they are desperately trying to prove that all the nudity and whores aren't really there just for T&A.  She's the token whore.
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 03 April 2013 - 01:24 PM.
1090	Tadco26	2013-04-03	You know this how?  Have you personally read every script. pour over every story board and hashed out what, who, when, where and how D&D plan their adaptation?  Or is it just want YOU want to see so be damned that the professionals film what they want to film?I know this by watching the scenes they made up for Ros vs scenes they have cut from the book and judging their quality.  Obviously it is a completely subjective opinion, and obviously they can film whatever they want.  Honestly I didn't have any problems with this particular scene in regards to Ros and Shae.  In fact Littlefinger meeting with Sansa in public to further his plot to "rescue" her was much more problematic as far as being directly contradictory to his book behavior.Again, it's what YOU want to see.  Obviously D&D have a different vision for THEIR show.  Where is your screen adaptation?Of course it's what I want to see.  It makes no sense to suggest that just because I'm not producing my own adaptation, I'm not allowed to disagree with any of their choices.  With that logic we would have to consider every TV show and movie ever created as good, unless you are producing tv shows and movies yourself.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 01:29 PM.
1091	mankytoes	2013-04-03	This scene is indicative of the way Ros should be in the series. Small doses to facilitate movements of major characters. I liked her in this scene a lot. The callback to Winterfell was great and really rounds out this world.The rapid promotions are where the show runners lose me.Littlefinger first finds her in need of serious training in Season 1. plausibleThen she is promoted to a supervisory role in Season 2. okay...He then has to remind her of how little he values her by threatening to ship her off if she can't earn. realisticThen Varys thinks she would be a perfect addition to his network. Why her? It rings as way too convenient.Now she handles Littlefinger's affairs! Really? Can she even read?Does she actually manage his affairs? I thought she was just picking nice words to say "I'm his bottom bitch", or top whore if you don't know the street lingo.
1092	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	This scene is indicative of the way Ros should be in the series. Small doses to facilitate movements of major characters. I liked her in this scene a lot. The callback to Winterfell was great and really rounds out this world.The rapid promotions are where the show runners lose me.Littlefinger first finds her in need of serious training in Season 1. plausibleThen she is promoted to a supervisory role in Season 2. okay...He then has to remind her of how little he values her by threatening to ship her off if she can't earn. realisticThen Varys thinks she would be a perfect addition to his network. Why her? It rings as way too convenient.Now she handles Littlefinger's affairs! Really? Can she even read?Thank you! Her arc is indeed completely implausible...Especially her season 3 promotion to 'Hand of the Pimp' as i would propose to call it, is beyond ridiculous...
1093	Clariana	2013-04-03	This scene is indicative of the way Ros should be in the series. Small doses to facilitate movements of major characters. I liked her in this scene a lot. The callback to Winterfell was great and really rounds out this world.The rapid promotions are where the show runners lose me.Littlefinger first finds her in need of serious training in Season 1. plausibleThen she is promoted to a supervisory role in Season 2. okay...He then has to remind her of how little he values her by threatening to ship her off if she can't earn. realisticThen Varys thinks she would be a perfect addition to his network. Why her? It rings as way too convenient.Now she handles Littlefinger's affairs! Really? Can she even read?She wouldn't be the first whore to make it quickly to madam.If LF didn't value her he would have actually shipped her off to wherever whores go or disposed of her.  She's useful so he didn't.She made it into the King's bedchamber and discovered what a horrible, sadistic little s**t he is... She even made it back out again. No surprise Varys is interested... Ditto the LF promo.Who knows if she can read? She might not be able to read books but she can read people... And as someone else said "You don't need to read to do business, but you have to know how to add up".
1094	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-03	I didn't mind -- and even enjoyed -- the Shae/Ros scene, as well. Would I rather see screen time devoted to actual book characters? Sure. We all prefer book characters because that's who we've been following through the last five books. But, to say that Ros serves no purpose is pretty short-sighted. She's a plot device. She allows the writers to condense numerous functions into one character. She's around to observe and inform. It's not like she gets much characterization. She's mostly used to accomplish goals involving other characters. And, as much as people say they hate her, they'd probably hate her more if she was -- indeed -- a real book character, whom acted completely out of character to accomplish her objectives. David and Dan are probably just preserving purist blood pressure by making her a created character. I think the uproar should truly happen if it ever gets to a point where they're creating arcs for her, independent of main characters.
For now, she's around to navigate the complexities of telling the story in a more streamlined fashion. She was Alayaya last season...she'll be something else this season. She's what David and Dan need her to be, and since she's their creation, they can make her anything they want her to be since Ros has no precedent. So, she'll be around to give important exposition, connect certain dots, etc.
I also enjoyed her recollections of Sansa.
1095	Angalin	2013-04-03	People.  Does the title of the thread say "spoilers" in it?  No, it doesn't.  Right now I'm being nice about editing in spoiler tags upthread; this will not last.
1096	Eira Seren	2013-04-03	I didn't mind -- and even enjoyed -- the Shae/Ros scene, as well. Would I rather see screen time devoted to actual book characters? Sure. We all prefer book characters because that's who we've been following through the last five books. But, to say that Ros serves no purpose is pretty short-sighted. She's a plot device. She allows the writers to condense numerous functions into one character. She's around to observe and inform. It's not like she gets much characterization. She's mostly used to accomplish goals involving other characters. And, as much as people say they hate her, they'd probably hate her more if she was -- indeed -- a real book character, whom acted completely out of character to accomplish her objectives. David and Dan are probably just preserving purist blood pressure by making her a created character. I think the uproar should truly happen if it ever gets to a point where they're creating arcs for her, independent of main characters.For now, she's around to navigate the complexities of telling the story in a more streamlined fashion. She was Alayaya last season...she'll be something else this season. She's what David and Dan need her to be, and since she's their creation, they can make her anything they want her to be since Ros has no precedent. So, she'll be around to give important exposition, connect certain dots, etc.I also enjoyed her recollections of Sansa.lol!  kind of like. . .  a prostitute?ETA: especially since she has very little character arc or substance!though, most of what she informed us about in that scene was already pretty obvious, since most of us are already aware that Petyr is grooming Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 03 April 2013 - 02:33 PM.
1097	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-03	Of all the Ros scenes thus far, this was about my equal favourite. It was important to reinforce at the start of the season the back story of Sansa and why she is still important despite being set aside by Joffrey, and also to reestablish the menacing character of Baelish.
The other scene I liked was when she was leaving Winterfell, that had a lot of charm going for it.
Other than that, I really find myself grimmacing my way through Ros scenes. For me it is not the actor. In fact I give her a lot of credit because she has the toughest job in the cast. All the other actors have the books as a fall back guide to develop their roles. Esme doesn't have that - only the advice of the writers as the script lands in her hands.... and as the role is a 'bucket' role her story flip-flops.
I am firmly on the side of those who argue that Ros was not required for the development of Theon's character. This could have been done perfectly well with leering looks and comments at serving girls. The Ros character was not required for the Tyrion scene in Winterfell - in fact she was so inconsequential, that I forgot she was in it. She was not required for the Joffrey scene. She does help with the development of Littlefinger, but I really question whether the importance justifies the time and emphasis put on it. I love a good sex scene as much as the next red-blooded human, but I emphasise 'good'. A couple of the brothel scenes just had me scratching my head thinking "What the heck was that all about?"
The entire Ros character development just irks against the flow of character development in the story. Perhaps now with a guaranteed contract for 2 seasons, D&D can actually develop her into a replacement role for one or more other characters with small yet significant roles.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 03:48 PM.
1098	Clariana	2013-04-03	lol!  kind of like. . .  a prostitute?ETA: especially since she has very little character arc or substance!though, most of what she informed us about in that scene was already pretty obvious, since most of us are already aware that Petyr is grooming Sansa.We the book readers are... The TV viewers might not be so alert (although I admit, his turning on Ned was a big giveaway...)
1099	Eira Seren	2013-04-03	We the book readers are... The TV viewers might not be so alert (although I admit, his turning on Ned was a big giveaway...)true. . .  but the show's established that Petyr's clearly still in love with Cat. . .  who he can't have. . .  instead, he's always hanging around Sansa (ever since the tournament in KL in season 1). . . bookreaders or not, the audience is not dumb.
1100	The Monkey	2013-04-03	To me, the main point of that scene was to show the northern commoners' fierce devotion to the Starks.
1101	Soiled Septa	2013-04-03	She wouldn't be the first whore to make it quickly to madam. I have no frame of reference for this so I using my understanding of the world presented by the show runners. A world where upward mobility is rare.If LF didn't value her he would have actually shipped her off to wherever whores go or disposed of her.  She's useful so he didn't.Without a doubt, that's why I thought this scene was realistic.She made it into the King's bedchamber and discovered what a horrible, sadistic little s**t he is... She even made it back out again. No surprise Varys is interested... Ditto the LF promo.I think that the Varys interest is problematic for me because it signals a larger role in the story. As mentioned by plenty others, there is plenty of story to tell without inventing stuff.Who knows if she can read? She might not be able to read books but she can read people... And as someone else said "You don't need to read to do business, but you have to know how to add up".In the scene she actually uses the word "manages". I'll take that term with a grain of salt, but it is just difficult for me to accept.
1102	Er Rn	2013-04-03	I was surprised that I actually liked this scene but I did.  I thought what Ros, who is from the North and near Winterfell, said to Shae about Sansa's birth was touching and her warning about watching out for Sansa with LF was nice.  I guess I was surprised because normally I don't like the Ros scenes but I realize this has nothing to do with the actress or character but rather with the fact that she usually turns up in some way over the top, annoying, gratuitous brothel scene.  I'm okay with Ros and I think Esme is doing a fine job with her.  Now if we are talking about hating a character that was completely made up for the show in a poorly written storyline where her character exposition took precious time away from actual book characters, then that award for me goes to Talisa.  I really can't stand anything about that character but since this thread isn't about her I'll shut up now.Totally agree with this. Very well said.
1103	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-03	I actually really liked the Ros/Shae conversation. A nice callback to Ros actually being from Winterfell, and showing the common people's respect/reverence for the Stark family.Yep. A much needed reminder that common people also play a role in this story. Her little warning to Shae was also nice. To everyone else... Ros was created to give an inside look on Littlefinger, now please stop whining.
1104	Warrior Queen	2013-04-03	Spoiler Regarding Ros taking Dontos role:Ros taking Dontos spot doesn't make much sense because Littlefinger has taken Dontos spot.  The whole point of using Dontos was so that Littlefinger wouldn't be directly seen interacting with Sansa and he wouldn't be suspected in her disappearance at all.  Sansa doesn't even know that Littlefinger is behind Dontos.  TV Littlefinger conspires directly with Sansa to help her escape in public places, so what's the point of having a Dontos replacement?It kinda makes sense to me if they choose to use Ros for this role. She is from the north, and aren't Sansa and Dontos their meetings in the Godswood? Ros being there makes more sense than Dontos being in the Godswood. Plus the fact that Ros is close to LF, and he seems to 'trust' her, letting her handle his affairs etc.

					
					
							Edited by Warrior Queen, 03 April 2013 - 05:06 PM.
1105	teemo	2013-04-03	the only useful thing ever done with ros was have her replace alayaya. besides that, she's just a nuisance. i just try to ignore it though, and honestly...there are now characters way worse than ros. Ah, the worries of season one, before characters like talisa were introduced.  She is wayyyy more annoying and takes up a lot more screen time...
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 03 April 2013 - 06:43 PM.
1106	Lion of Judah	2013-04-03	I'm not a fan of completely made up characters like Ros, especially when so many from the book has been omitted. That scene in particular was kind of tacky to me personally, I suppose the message was that whores have hearts too.
1107	zaphodbrx	2013-04-03	Seeing the episode again I just wondered another thing.
How do Ros and Shae know each other are prostitutes? So far as we know, they have never seen each other before.
Shae is Lorathi, Ros is a northerner. They don't have anything in common.
have they been watching the show?
1108	Angalin	2013-04-03	NB: I am now deleting posts with spoilers drawn from future events in the books.
Correct spoiler tags, once the spaces inside the square brackets have been removed:
[ spoiler ]
Jon Snow will become God Emperor
[ /spoiler ]
Use them or lose your posts.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 03 April 2013 - 09:05 PM.
1109	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Seeing the episode again I just wondered another thing.How do Ros and Shae know each other are prostitutes? So far as we know, they have never seen each other before.Shae is Lorathi, Ros is a northerner. They don't have anything in common.have they been watching the show?If she's in cahoots with Varys, there's a chance she knows.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 03 April 2013 - 09:30 PM.
1110	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Seeing the episode again I just wondered another thing.How do Ros and Shae know each other are prostitutes? So far as we know, they have never seen each other before.Shae is Lorathi, Ros is a northerner. They don't have anything in common.have they been watching the show?Maybe they have spidey senses?
1111	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Which is why, most likely,
	Spoiler Tywin will kill Shae.I won be into it, but for tv and for Tyrion needing a good reason to kill him. Makes sense.It will be like tysha 2.0
It does NOT make sense. Well maybe it does, but it would be a really REALLY weak way to do it. Honestly, I will be so angry at D and D if that's what they do...
1112	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	Spoiler Unless they do FakeSansa?I like the idea that everyone would know it isn't really Arya and their reactions. In the books we only get Theon's POV and he suspects people know. I would love to see the Northmen reaction to such a ridiculous 'Arya'

	Spoiler I could see the first sentence, but its a stretch b/c she'd probably be wanted for her part of the purple wedding, but maybe not.[/spoiiler][spoiler]I loathe the idea of a super fake fake arya, its just not believable to me 
and its not somethijg that the types of minds we're dealing with of these characters.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 04 April 2013 - 12:33 AM.
1113	Eira Seren	2013-04-04	i think we've been getting the idea since we met Shae in Tyrion's tent that she isn't exactly who she appears to be.  maybe it is helpful to be reminded of it now, if things go according to the book.  
	Spoiler  then we won't have to have revisions by D&D to make us sympathetic to Tyrion's murderous impulses.
1114	Tommen	2013-04-04	Maybe, but she was a lot more soft and feminine, and more importantly
	Spoiler She didn't profess to love Tyrion like she did in the movie, she was a purely sexual animal. IMO it made her eventual betrayal of Tyrion far more believable, now it'll just be like... WTF? 
I like the fact that she's not a caricature of an evil slutty woman. No character in either the books or the show is just purely sexual imo, all of them have their own passions and foibles. The show giving Shae some substance will make the betrayal far more interesting.As for the Ros and Shae scene, it's cool that they're in such similar positions but in ways that aren't obvious (i.e. being "whores"). Each is with one man who underestimates her talent for deception. I think it's touching that each of these women has something of an emotional connection to the far more innocent creature that is Sansa; they all have in common the fact that they need to deceive in order to protect themselves.
					
					
							Edited by Angalin, 04 April 2013 - 10:26 AM.
1115	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	True, mayhaps 
	Spoiler this new Myranda character is Arya? if so, I'm very interested to see the resemblance.lack of.
Me too.  Im warming up to options with Ros, im just having trouble figuring out how, if she reports to Varys 
	Spoiler  lf is gonna get sansa out of there without varys knowing
1116	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	I like the fact that she's not a caricature of an evil slutty woman. No character in either the books or the show is just purely sexual imo, all of them have their own passions and foibles. The show giving Shae some substance will make the betrayal far more interesting.As for the Ros and Shae scene, it's cool that they're in such similar positions but in ways that aren't obvious (i.e. being "whores"). Each is with one man who underestimates her talent for deception, unaware that she is aligned with his most formidable foe (Ros and Varys, later Shae and Tywin). I think it's touching that each of these women has something of an emotional connection to the far more innocent creature that is Sansa; they all have in common the fact that they need to deceive in order to protect themselves.Her loving Tyrion also makes for better tv for the average non reading viewer i think.
1117	ebevan91	2013-04-04	I thought the whole scene was cringeworthy myself.
Would've been better with Sansa just sitting there watching the ships and then Littlefinger showing up.
1118	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-04	It was a rubbish scene. With two whores together for a fleeting moment i thought we might have got at least a hint for the answer to that infernal question to be asked later on: 
	Spoiler where do whores go?
. It was too much to ask.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 04 April 2013 - 11:17 AM.
1119	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	I really don't get Shae. I have no problem with Ros even though she's an entirely new character, she serves a purpose of giving us insight to character motivations and attitudes that you miss when there's no internal monologue. She's also a good actor, at least. I hope they prove me wrong but anything that happens with Shae is looking like it's going to be super cheesy and unnecessary.
1120	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	Me too.  Im warming up to options with Ros, im just having trouble figuring out how, if she reports to Varys 
	Spoiler  lf is gonna get sansa out of there without varys knowing
Well, 
	Spoiler knowing Varys, they'll add a hint in the show that The Spider knew all along and it worked for his Wolf vs Lion plans.
1121	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	Seeing the episode again I just wondered another thing.How do Ros and Shae know each other are prostitutes? So far as we know, they have never seen each other before.Shae is Lorathi, Ros is a northerner. They don't have anything in common.have they been watching the show?Maybe its because they're women.Women know when other women are whores.There's something in their expression that screams "i hate that i sell myself, but its my only choice"Also, Ros only assumes.Even then LF may have said something. he seems to think he knows everything.
1122	Adak	2013-04-04	It is to establish the fact that Ros has highly tuned and accurate whore radar, and to let the viewers know in more explicit detail that Littlefinger really wants to get in Sansa's pants or skirts in the parlance of the times.
1123	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	I liked this scene.  Apparently I'm the only person here who doesn't hate Ros and think she is a "waste of screen time."   Probably because I watched season one before I read the books.
1124	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	I liked this scene.  Apparently I'm the only person here who doesn't hate Ros and think she is a "waste of screen time."   Probably because I watched season one before I read the books.I actually like her character. I think she plays it very well also. I don't particularly like Littlefinger's portrayal and perhaps some people put the blame on her for some of it, and some people claim she's a bad actor which I really don't get.But on a sidenote, watching the series before reading the books is actually a benefit I wish I had. It makes you like the show more without changing anything for your appreciation of the books at all.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 April 2013 - 09:41 PM.
1125	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	I watched the show first. I don't mind Ros, I only hated that 'LittleFinger playing teacher' scene because it was just too much for me.
1126	Titan	2013-04-04	I liked this scene.  Apparently I'm the only person here who doesn't hate Ros and think she is a "waste of screen time."   Probably because I watched season one before I read the books.You are not the only one (and I even read the books first) - With the exception of the infamous ep107 littlefinger monologue, I think her scenes have all served a good purpose, and I liked this one.
1127	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	You are not the only one (and I even read the books first) - With the exception of the infamous ep107 littlefinger monologue, I think her scenes have all served a good purpose, and I liked this one.I would almost agree, but then I think that a TV character LF who's sort of seemingly all over the place with no agenda might not play out so well as a book character we don't have a PoV from. I know people hate that he would confide so much in some northern whore he basically just met - but who else can he have that dialogue with? If anything it works since he "owns" her and her voice and opinion are so insignificant that he's not worried about her running off and telling someone. I've been saying I dislike the TV Littlefinger, but that's more because he seems kind of cheesy and not so brilliant. Although I did enjoy when Tywin tells him "You act like you're the first man who's ever thought of that" or something along those lines.
1128	billy g.	2013-04-04	I actually really liked the Ros/Shae conversation. A nice callback to Ros actually being from Winterfell, and showing the common people's respect/reverence for the Stark family. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />She's basically asking Shae to take care of Sansa.And to beware of the treacherous LF.
1129	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	I actually like her character. I think she plays it very well also. I don't particularly like Littlefinger's portrayal and perhaps some people put the blame on her for some of it, and some people claim she's a bad actor which I really don't get.But on a sidenote, watching the series before reading the books is actually a benefit I wish I had. It makes you like the show more without changing anything for your appreciation of the books at all.As far as people saying she's a bad actress, I think that is just a case of people wanting to justify their opinion beyond "I don't like this because it's different from the book."  I see this kind of thing all the time here.I too am glad I watched season one before I read the books, I guess because it helped me appreciate the show on its own merits right from the start, rather than examining it as an adaptation.Although personally I can separate books I enjoy from their adaptations and enjoy them each on their own merits.  Changes don't bother me (unless they are DRASTIC and severely diverge the tone/spirit of the film from that of the book - a la The Walking Dead - and none of the changes in Game of Thrones have been or done so).  Why would you want them to be exactly the same?  If you need it all to be the same, just reread the books.  This is the most faithful book-to-screen adaptation I have ever seen.I watched the show first. I don't mind Ros, I only hated that 'LittleFinger playing teacher' scene because it was just too much for me.I can understand why some people would be uncomfortable with this scene, but I have to admit I thought "play with her ass" was HILARIOUS and it cracks me up every time I watch it, haha.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 04 April 2013 - 09:59 PM.
1130	Francis Buck	2013-04-04	As far as people saying she's a bad actress, I think that is just a case of people wanting to justify their opinion beyond "I don't like this because it's different from the book."  I see this kind of thing all the time here.I too am glad I watched season one before I read the books, I guess because it helped me appreciate the show on its own merits right from the start, rather than examining it as an adaptation.Although personally I can separate books I enjoy from their adaptations and enjoy them each on their own merits.  Changes don't bother me (unless they are DRASTIC and severely diverge the tone/spirit of the film from that of the book - a la The Walking Dead - and none of the changes in Game of Thrones have been or done so).  Why would you want them to be exactly the same?  If you need it all to be the same, just reread the books.  This is the most faithful book-to-screen adaptation I have ever seen.Nail on the head with both of these. The actress playing Ros is absolutely fine. Is she the greatest thing ever? No. But she's in no way terrible. And the changes from the books are really, really minimal in comparison to most adaptations, to the point that 90% of the complaints I see simply register as being totally over-the-top purist nonsense. The show is a faithful adaptation. Period. Adaptation being the key word here, people. That doesn't mean that every single little thing from the books is 100% identically translated into video form. It means that, for the most part, major events, plot turns, major character arcs, and most importantly the spirit of the work, is...wait for it...adapted for television.Now don't get me wrong, there are absolutely some changes I did not like at all. The biggest one for me was the latter half of Jon's story in S2 (and a lot of Dany's story as well). The handling of Qhorin's relationship with Jon was not well executed at all. But it's not like it ruined the entire fucking show or something. It doesn't matter one iota in the grand scheme of things. And that was for a major character. To see the way people bitch about a thirty second Ros scene is almost comical in its absurdity.
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 04 April 2013 - 10:19 PM.
1131	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	That scene was really the only one to bother me in the whole episode. Not so much that it exists, but the way they wrote it. It's as if the viewer is stupid and needs a reminder that Littlefinger is an evil-to-shoes card-carrying villain. Seriously, I expected more from the writers who usually do a good job.
1132	Khal Porno	2013-04-05	That scene was really the only one to bother me in the whole episode. Not so much that it exists, but the way they wrote it. It's as if the viewer is stupid and needs a reminder that Littlefinger is an evil-to-shoes card-carrying villain.Can you explain why you think this?
1133	Redmjh	2013-04-05	I think Ros knows Shae is a whore because she works for Varys, and Varys knows.
I think Ros will be a collection of characters...
	Spoiler 
I think she will be Dontos and help get Sansa out. Then "evil Shae" and testify against Tyrion. Which will either get her killed (by Tyrion) or she will escape KL and we will see her again in the North either suffering at the hands of Ramsey or whoring in Moles Town, and then consequently at the Wall. Shae will be hung by Tywin, and Tyrion will kill him. It's also possible Ros makes it to Harrenhal and eventually gets to be the washerwoman Jamie takes along to Riverrun. (Pia) Although the timing probably wouldn't work for that part.
1134	Lord Martin	2013-04-05	My question is why is Shae still alive?  Tywin knew that Tyrion brought a whore into his bed.  I have to re-watch the scene, but he may have even said, "that" whore which I take as the specific camp follower Tywin told Tyrion not to bring to court. So clearly Tywin knows Shae is a whore and not a handmaiden.
Is this a goof up in the translation from book to film?  Or am I missing something.
1135	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-05	To everyone saying that Ros sucks because she takes away screen time from actual book characters: A lot of the characters from the book wouldn't have the screen time they do if it weren't for Ros....The main function of Ros is to be the lens through which we see a lot of the non-POV characters from the books: Theon, LF, Pycelle, Varys, etc. She serves as the means in which we actually see what these characters are doing in the background, since viewers dont have the convenience of inner monologues and exposition. Shes also a vehicle to further develop and explore these characters from their print counterparts. I watched the show before reading the books *dodges tomatoes*, and I was pretty confused about Theon until that scene with him and her in season 1.
Whether her scenes help the viewer glean some really important insights into LF's backstory/personality, or simply provide an accent to themes or events already happening (IE P90X Pycelle doing some power squats and stretches before pretending to be flimsy, decrepit, brittle Pycelle that everyone sees), shes important to the show. And judging by the scene from 301, shes going to keep on trucking with this role, and maybe even become more central to the plot, as some have suggested. Not to mention that from a show standpoint, having a recognizable face to interact with all of the main characters and cover as much ground in Westeros as she has is something shows are rarely afforded. Shes a very well written character.
And to all the armchair casting coordinators out there analyzing her teeth and saying shes sucks...Calm down and leave the books on the shelf while the show is on. I mean, I get having gripes and problems here and there, and I know that not everyone is going to like her...but this type of venom and disgust for a really well written character just seems misplaced.
					
					
							Edited by Hodors Shlong, 05 April 2013 - 11:15 AM.
1136	Tadco26	2013-04-05	I would almost agree, but then I think that a TV character LF who's sort of seemingly all over the place with no agenda might not play out so well as a book character we don't have a PoV from. I know people hate that he would confide so much in some northern whore he basically just met - but who else can he have that dialogue with?The counter to that arguement is that Littlefinger isn't a PoV character so the readers don't get any insight into what he is thinking or doing when he isn't interacting with a PoV character either.  The only reasonable explanation for creating new scenes for him is that the actor needs work, much like Robb and Jaime couldn't just be gone for all of season 2 and hope to keep the actor under contract.  Of course that excuse only works if you have already included all the possible scenes that Littlefinger was in from the book first, which they haven't.
1137	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-05	To everyone saying that Ros sucks because she takes away screen time from actual book characters: A lot of the characters from the book wouldn't have the screen time they do if it weren't for Ros....The main function of Ros is to be the lens through which we see a lot of the non-POV characters from the books: Theon, LF, Pycelle, Varys, etc. She serves as the means in which we actually see what these characters are doing in the background, since viewers dont have the convenience of inner monologues and exposition. Shes also a vehicle to further develop and explore these characters from their print counterparts. I watched the show before reading the books *dodges tomatoes*, and I was pretty confused about Theon until that scene with him and her in season 1.Whether her scenes help the viewer glean some really important insights into LF's backstory/personality, or simply provide an accent to themes or events already happening (IE P90X Pycelle doing some power squats and stretches before pretending to be flimsy, decrepit, brittle Pycelle that everyone sees), shes important to the show. And judging by the scene from 301, shes going to keep on trucking with this role, and maybe even become more central to the plot, as some have suggested. Not to mention that from a show standpoint, having a recognizable face to interact with all of the main characters and cover as much ground in Westeros as she has is something shows are rarely afforded. Shes a very well written character.And to all the armchair casting coordinators out there analyzing her teeth and saying shes sucks...Calm down and leave the books on the shelf while the show is on. I mean, I get having gripes and problems here and there, and I know that not everyone is going to like her...but this type of venom and disgust for a really well written character just seems misplaced.And now there is tea coming out my nose. Thanks. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But other than that, I totally agree. Ros is 'glue' more than a character. She's a useful (and very pretty) plot device.
1138	Hodors Shlong	2013-04-05	And now there is tea coming out my nose. Thanks. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But other than that, I totally agree. Ros is 'glue' more than a character. She's a useful (and very pretty) plot device.I'm glad I could be of service! Haha.But yeah, glue is a great way of phrasing it! /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
					
					
							Edited by Hodors Shlong, 05 April 2013 - 12:05 PM.
1139	go joff go	2013-04-06	I saw this posted on another board and thought it was kind of interesting.  Not sure I buy it but I was wondering if anyone else thought this scene was a shot at "book purist"?
"I was rewatching the first episode and realized something- I think the Shae/Sansa scene was sort of a subtle shot at the hardcore fans. Watch the scene again only pretend Sansa is D&D and Shae is book purists. The scene kind of has a totally new meaning when viewed that way.
Sansa (D&D) is saying if you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t change things (in the book) a la that ship is from Dorne the truth (the show) will be either terrible or boring. But Shae (Book purists) doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care and wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t play along and thinks if a ship(way it is in the book) is from volantis then one should just say the ship is from volantis. Even Rosâ<U+0080><U+0099> line watch sansa with Littlefinger (D&D with littlefinger) followed by shae (book purists) saying I always do, has a totally different meaning. Its a very clever scene. viewed that way"
1140	Mladen	2013-04-06	I saw this posted on another board and thought it was kind of interesting.  Not sure I buy it but I was wondering if anyone else thought this scene was a shot at "book purist"?"I was rewatching the first episode and realized something- I think the Shae/Sansa scene was sort of a subtle shot at the hardcore fans. Watch the scene again only pretend Sansa is D&D and Shae is book purists. The scene kind of has a totally new meaning when viewed that way.Sansa (D&D) is saying if you donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t change things (in the book) a la that ship is from Dorne the truth (the show) will be either terrible or boring. But Shae (Book purists) doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t care and wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t play along and thinks if a ship(way it is in the book) is from volantis then one should just say the ship is from volantis. Even Rosâ<U+0080><U+0099> line watch sansa with Littlefinger (D&D with littlefinger) followed by shae (book purists) saying I always do, has a totally different meaning. Its a very clever scene. viewed that way"Nice reasoning. I doubt they went that deep, but I like it. This is one very intelligent idea. Congratulations.Also, welcome to the forums /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1141	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-06	To everyone saying that Ros sucks because she takes away screen time from actual book characters: A lot of the characters from the book wouldn't have the screen time they do if it weren't for Ros....The main function of Ros is to be the lens through which we see a lot of the non-POV characters from the books: Theon, LF, Pycelle, Varys, etc. She serves as the means in which we actually see what these characters are doing in the background, since viewers dont have the convenience of inner monologues and exposition. Shes also a vehicle to further develop and explore these characters from their print counterparts. I watched the show before reading the books *dodges tomatoes*, and I was pretty confused about Theon until that scene with him and her in season 1.Whether her scenes help the viewer glean some really important insights into LF's backstory/personality, or simply provide an accent to themes or events already happening (IE P90X Pycelle doing some power squats and stretches before pretending to be flimsy, decrepit, brittle Pycelle that everyone sees), shes important to the show. And judging by the scene from 301, shes going to keep on trucking with this role, and maybe even become more central to the plot, as some have suggested. Not to mention that from a show standpoint, having a recognizable face to interact with all of the main characters and cover as much ground in Westeros as she has is something shows are rarely afforded. Shes a very well written character.And to all the armchair casting coordinators out there analyzing her teeth and saying shes sucks...Calm down and leave the books on the shelf while the show is on. I mean, I get having gripes and problems here and there, and I know that not everyone is going to like her...but this type of venom and disgust for a really well written character just seems misplaced. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  Thank you!  P90X.LOLOLOL
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 06 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
1142	Arrow	2013-04-06	Hi, newbie here - I'm really hooked on this series! It's nice to find such an informative site. A lot of my questions have been answered in the course of wandering around the threads for the past couple of days.This has been a fascinating thread so far - I've studied women's issues for a long time and the subtext of the TV series regarding women and their roles in Westeros society (I haven't read the books yet) is explored in this article in the online New Yorker Magazine:http://www.newyorker...vision_nussbaumThe author of the review gets a few series details wrong, but it offers what I thought was an interesting point of view.
1143	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-07	I like EsmA© Bianco and I understand the need for Ros as a plot device. But I still found the scene in question the worst on the 1st episode by far. It was just unecessary, unless you are a lazy viewer who "forgot" that Littlefinger is evil or something. Littlefinger talking to Sansa was necessary plot development, even Shae being onscreen there was ok. But Ros was just not needed at this point.
1144	Ser Desmond Wine's Bane	2013-04-07	I like EsmA© Bianco and I understand the need for Ros as a plot device. But I still found the scene in question the worst on the 1st episode by far. It was just unecessary, unless you are a lazy viewer who "forgot" that Littlefinger is evil or something. Littlefinger talking to Sansa was necessary plot development, even Shae being onscreen there was ok. But Ros was just not needed at this point.Don't over estimate people. There are a number of viewers who think that Rob arrived at the ruins of Winterfell, not the ruins of Harrenhall, despite Rob and Roose clearly talking about Harrenhall, and the fact it has been shown a number of times previously.
1145	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-07	Don't over estimate people. There are a number of viewers who think that Rob arrived at the ruins of Winterfell, not the ruins of Harrenhall, despite Rob and Roose clearly talking about Harrenhall, and the fact it has been shown a number of times previously.Well, these people probably wouldn't understand the series anyway, right? What's next? Should the characters also wear badges with their names on it?
1146	Masamune	2013-04-07	Ros served a purpose in S1 as the "go-to whore", as she provided 'establishing scenes' for certain characters. Now she's just dead-weight and needs to be dropped by the writers, which naturally won't happen because she's their pride and joy.
1147	Kasrith	2013-04-07	And acting as a double-agent, warning Shae against Littlefinger on Varys' behalf.I totally forgot Varys' meddling in the Ros-LF dynamic. Brilliant, that adds so many levels to what was going on.
1148	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-07	Ros served a purpose in S1 as the "go-to whore", as she provided 'establishing scenes' for certain characters. Now she's just dead-weight and needs to be dropped by the writers, which naturally won't happen because she's their pride and joy.^ This.
1149	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	I like EsmA© Bianco and I understand the need for Ros as a plot device. But I still found the scene in question the worst on the 1st episode by far. It was just unecessary, unless you are a lazy viewer who "forgot" that Littlefinger is evil or something. Littlefinger talking to Sansa was necessary plot development, even Shae being onscreen there was ok. But Ros was just not needed at this point.People complain that you have to be a lazy viewer not to understand something, but there are 3 threads on this single episode about how something was too confusing even though it's quite clearly spelled out and explained if you're attentive. This is the problem with producing something like this - you kind of have to cater to both the hardcore and casual fans so sometimes things get a bit dumbed down.That being said we have no idea what's in store for Ros but this scene does 4 things:1. Reinforces the idea that she may be a spy for Varys2. Reminds the viewer that Sansa is a Lady with a lot to inherit should something ill happen to her brother3. Insinuate that LF may have a creepy or dangerous infatuation with Sansa beyond using her for inheritance4. Introduces the idea that Shae's background is actually known, and that perhaps she is not who she entirely seems to be.It was a quick scene too, not like 5 minutes of dialoge. There were maybe 10 lines between them. If you're not a "lazy viewer" you would see that there is subtlety to this conversation that is quite interesting, and doesn't eat up much time at all.
1150	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	I don't hate Roz persay but I agree that there are scenes that she is in that are completely unnecessary and force out better material.  There have been episodes where, while I was watching them, I was like, "Seriously?  We're doing a Roz scene now?  But some many important things need to happen this episode!"  Some of her scenes are important to help flesh out other characters but too many are not. 
I don't like non-Martin characters in general but I feel like at least Talisa is replacing someone specific and someone whose story gets short changed in the books.  I don't mind them spending time developing her and Rob's relationship.  But some of Roz's scenes are completely pointless.
1151	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	As for the scene, I think there are a couple subtle details that might be more important than they seem.  When Shae says where the ship came from she knows because it looks like the ship that she took from, I want to say, Volantis.  I could be wrong about that, correct me if I am, because I only saw the episode once.  If that's the case it tells us something new about Shae and also ties her tenuously to Talisa.  There is a theory going around that Talisa is a Lannister spy.  I doubt it's true but I would like it to be.
I do think that Shae is or at least started out working for Tywin.  So two girls from Volantis, both Lannister spies?  This of course doesn't work if I'm wrong about where the ship is from.  And I know that in the books Shae is Lorathi but is that mentioned in the show?  If Shae is working for Tywin her line "I always do" after Roz tells her to keep an eye on Sansa could have a double meaning.
Also, does anyone have any theories about what the flower next to Sibel Kekilli's name in the credits represents?
1152	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	As for the scene, I think there are a couple subtle details that might be more important than they seem.  When Shae says where the ship came from she knows because it looks like the ship that she took from, I want to say, Volantis.  I could be wrong about that, correct me if I am, because I only saw the episode once.  If that's the case it tells us something new about Shae and also ties her tenuously to Talisa.  There is a theory going around that Talisa is a Lannister spy.  I doubt it's true but I would like it to be.I do think that Shae is or at least started out working for Tywin.  So two girls from Volantis, both Lannister spies?  This of course doesn't work if I'm wrong about where the ship is from.  And I know that in the books Shae is Lorathi but is that mentioned in the show?  If Shae is working for Tywin her line "I always do" after Roz tells her to keep an eye on Sansa could have a double meaning.Also, does anyone have any theories about what the flower next to Sibel Kekilli's name in the credits represents?The ship is from Volantis, but in S02E09 (Blackwater) Cersei detects Shae's accent as Lorathi, as she once had a Lorathi high-born hand maiden. I don't think there is any connection between the two, plot-wise.
1153	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	Ah, fair.  I've only seen Season 2 once so I didn't recall that part.  I still like one or both  of them for Lannister agents but I don't think the show is subtle or clever enough for that.
1154	Conchobar	2013-04-07	Ros is hot as fuck. But she will die this season.
1155	shiola	2013-04-07	Shea and who? I just thought it was some random whore.Are you..  Are you for real?  Ros has been around since episode 1..
1156	shiola	2013-04-07	Thank you! Her arc is indeed completely implausible...Especially her season 3 promotion to 'Hand of the Pimp' as i would propose to call it, is beyond ridiculous...That is the funniest thing I've read in a while.  Hand of the Pimp...  Oh gods.
1157	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-07	Don't over estimate people. There are a number of viewers who think that Rob arrived at the ruins of Winterfell, not the ruins of Harrenhall, despite Rob and Roose clearly talking about Harrenhall, and the fact it has been shown a number of times previously.I am a fan of the show and have read the books and I at first thought that Rob had arrived at Winterfell until the scene played out.  And I like Ros.
1158	shiola	2013-04-07	Since a lot of this has become just discussing Ros and Shae in general, I asked my non-reader friend what he thought about both of them.
ros: i haven't really paid too much attention to her. i like her though. she seems smarter than she wants to let on. plus basically anyone who gets tortured by joffrey gets an automatic "like" pass from me for sympathy.
shae: idk why, but i really like shae. she's really smart, and very cunning. i think she truly has sansa's and tyrion's best interests at heart, and she would do basically anything to protect them. she also knows how to protect herself using any means necessary, and i like that about her.
Based on what he's said, I think it'd be a mindfuck if 
	Spoiler Shae betrays Tyrion.
  I don't think it will be unbelievable, really, because with this show it's clear that anyone can be a liar and you can't trust anyone.
1159	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-08	this scene does 4 things:1. Reinforces the idea that she may be a spy for Varys2. Reminds the viewer that Sansa is a Lady with a lot to inherit should something ill happen to her brother3. Insinuate that LF may have a creepy or dangerous infatuation with Sansa beyond using her for inheritance4. Introduces the idea that Shae's background is actually known, and that perhaps she is not who she entirely seems to be.It was a quick scene too, not like 5 minutes of dialoge. There were maybe 10 lines between them. If you're not a "lazy viewer" you would see that there is subtlety to this conversation that is quite interesting, and doesn't eat up much time at all.1. Unecessary. Both because we already know that from last season and because... you know... she's not a character, but a plot device.2. Unecessary. Isn't that why the Lannisters keep her? Won't it be explained later on with the Tyrion business?3. This was the necessary part. And Ros doesn't need to be there for that.4. The scene as it is doesn't necessarily accomplishes that. And Shae is also a character who's been given far to much time than she should.Actually there is very few subtlety, that's exactly my complaint. And the silliness of the little that is.
1160	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-11	I can guarantee the fact that if Ros had been in the books, and excluded from the show, there would be people who would never stop complaining about it. In reality, there aren't many strong arguments to prove that Ros actually affects the quality the series. People find her rise to higher places in KL hard to believe? What about a traitor's daughter disguised as a boy, who still manages to survive the war-torn Riverlands and serve as a cupbearer to one of the most powerful men in the Seven Kingdoms? 
Ultimately, while I don't like the show deviating too much from the book, I now view them as seperate entities. The show is not the books, and the books are not the show. Each essentially tell the same story, but tell it in different ways. So if the show decides to create a character that works as a plot device, that doesn't really undermine the quality of the story, that's fine with me. As long as they don't do something ridiculous with her like having her kill Shae or something, I don't mind too much.
1161	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	In my opinion, it was possibly the worst scene of the episode, however it wasn't awful itself. I'm definitely not a fan of Ros and never was, nor of what they have done to Shae, however; reading everyone's opinions here, I'm starting to definitely see the purpose of these changes that never occurred to me before and now think in future I might appreciate these two characters more.
	Spoiler 
Ros might also be a Pia type character, Pretty Pia always resonated with me in the books for being so heart-breaking.
1162	Wong Chia Chi	2013-04-15	Does she actually manage his affairs? I thought she was just picking nice words to say "I'm his bottom bitch", or top whore if you don't know the street lingo.Lmaoo @ bottom bitch. Shae would know what she meant by that I think. The writers have a purpose for Ros other than being a form of sexposition, I think...we'll see.
1163	House Hodorgaryan	2013-04-16	Spoiler  I think they tidbit about her being from Winterfell was actually the most important part of that scene. I have feels that Ros will eventually fill the role of Jeyne Poole, given her involvement with Littlefinger. Remember it's Littlefinger who decides to play Jeyne off as Arya. I can't see them introducing Jeyne in like Season 6 or something... Plus it would be more motivation for Theon to rescue her from Ramsay. Only thing I'm totally lost on is how her alliance with Varys will play out. 

					
					
							Edited by Kcf52, 16 April 2013 - 07:37 AM.
1164	ViserionsFire	2013-04-28	The writers have a purpose for Ros other than being a form of sexposition, I think...we'll see.I was wondering about this scene also. To me this conjures a meaning that feels different than just someone born a peasant child having concerns for the daughter of the Lord of the region sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s from.  Her concerns are like those of a distant family member looking out for her relation.  I know that weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve got a ton of hidden bastards in this story, but could the script writers have Ros be a bastard child of Brynden Tully.  After all, Cat would have had an escort to take her to Winterfell when she came there with her infant son Robb. Blackfish escorted Lysa to the Vale after Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Rebellion; he could have taken Cat to Winterfell before he escorted Lysa to the Vale. He wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have just turned around and gone back to Riverrun, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d have stayed a few days to rest and make preparations for the return trip. After the long travel to Winterfell in the company of his niece day and night, perhaps he looks for a different form of company once Cat's been delivered to her husband.  If Ros were Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s second cousin, this would account for her interest in Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s well being.
					
					
							Edited by ViserionsFire, 29 April 2013 - 12:34 PM.
1165	Masamune	2013-04-29	I can guarantee the fact that if Ros had been in the books, and excluded from the show, there would be people who would never stop complaining about it.But she isn't and she wouldn't, therefore your argument is pointless.
1166	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	So what was your funniest moment in episode one?I enjoyed Cersei's meta remark about hearing Tyrion had lost his nose.The banter between Tyrion and Bronn was once more brilliant.And the 'lost in translation' scene between Dany and Kraznys was just as good as it was in the book. I hope we get a bit more mileage out of that before dracarys.
1167	Darkstar For King	2013-04-01	Bronn to Pod.
"I'll murder you boy"
1168	Maizel	2013-04-01	Cersei:
'They said you'd lost your nose, but it's not as gruesome as all that'
So awesome. on different levels.
					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 01 April 2013 - 07:19 PM.
1169	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	Everything Bronn did.
1170	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-01	The Dothraki puking everywhere.
1171	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Missandei asking Kraznys if she should tell Jorah he smells like piss.
1172	DolorousKim	2013-04-01	For me it's a  toss up between Bronn's dissing of the King's Guard, Bronn's threat to murder Pod, and Salla's comment to Davos regarding Davos' drinking at all 4 of Salla's weddings and Salla's still not asking Davos for any favors.
1173	darksellsword	2013-04-01	The Dothraki puking everywhere. hahahhahaha that made me laugh too. No amount of money would get me on that boateven Daenerys looked ill
1174	cybobbie	2013-04-01	Bronn and Tyrion conversations always make me laugh. His scene with Pod was a good fun too.
1175	Reposado	2013-04-01	joff "maergery does this all the time. she knows what shes doing"
cersei "im sure she does"
perfectly delivered
1176	boojam	2013-04-01	So what was your funniest moment in episode one?I enjoyed Cersei's meta remark about hearing Tyrion had lost his nose.I would bet you a golden dragon that Lena Headey and Peter Dinklage ad-libbed that line.So clever Dave and Dan had to leave it in.
1177	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-01	Definitely the first scene with Bronn and Pod, but also for sure Cersei's meta "lost your nose" joke.
1178	tito5601	2013-04-01	if u fail, they will burn you. if u succeed, they will burn you - sallador sann
and also i found tormund reaction to being called your grace pretty funny, for some reason this guy cracks me up
1179	Hellfell	2013-04-01	Plenty of little men tried to put a sword through my heart, and there are plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods.
The delivery was priceless
1180	tito5601	2013-04-01	the halfhand was my brother back when he had a whole hand LOL
1181	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	Bronn: "Ser Teryn Mant, and, uhh... Sir Whos-it the fookit."
Tyrion: "Double? I don't even know how much I'm paying you now."
Bronn: "Which means you can afford it."
Tyrion: "Grandmaester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees."
Sam somehow made being attacked by the zombie look funny, too... gotta love Jon Bradley.
					
					
							Edited by StannisandDaeny, 01 April 2013 - 07:54 PM.
1182	rystine	2013-04-01	joff "maergery does this all the time. she knows what shes doing"cersei "im sure she does"perfectly deliveredI know it's odd, but when Joffrey said the word "charity" in that conversation it sounded like the first time he'd ever said that out loud, and that he was barely aware of the concept.  I lol'd
1183	North man	2013-04-01	My two are "I will murder you boy" and how every time after bronn spoke you could tell he was trying to go back to his business haha
And I found some of lena's facial expressions in her scene with peter were great
"What are they doing here?"
"Protecting me I assume?
1184	Spearsister	2013-04-01	"Tell the old man he smells of piss."
"...Really, my lord?"
"NO, NOT REALLY!"
Ha.
Still bothered by the fact that Missandei is a grown woman, though. I sense a lesbian scene between her and Dany is approaching, and I am not happy.
1185	Bride of Winter	2013-04-01	I found the dinner scene really funny for some reason. Nothing laugh out loud but Joffs trying to impress Margaery combined with Cersei's snide remarks and Marg and Loras being classic Tyrells was just great all around. Still bothered by the fact that Missandei is a grown woman, though. I sense a lesbian scene between her and Dany is approaching, and I am not happy.If I know the writers well enough by now, it seems almost imminent /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> also, hooray for being sort-of-icon-twins!
1186	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	I know it's odd, but when Joffrey said the word "charity" in that conversation it sounded like the first time he'd ever said that out loud, and that he was barely aware of the concept.  I lol'd I noticed that, too. What a brilliant guy Jack Gleeson is.
1187	Warden of the North121	2013-04-01	Definitely the Unsullied slave trader (Kraznys?). Can't wait for Drogon and co. to burn his ass though.
1188	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	Yeah Joffrey probably made me laugh the most
1189	Top Notch Balanter	2013-04-01	"Tell the old man he smells of piss.""...Really, my lord?""NO, NOT REALLY!"Ha.Still bothered by the fact that Missandei is a grown woman, though. I sense a lesbian scene between her and Dany is approaching, and I am not happy.Well Dany and Irri get a bit jiggidy in the books and well that can't happen in the show so while not essential for Dany to go lesbian it is still relevant to her arc Back on topic the Tyrion comment about Cersei being as funny as Pycellle was class
1190	wolverine	2013-04-01	I don't have the Bronn mancrush that most of you sport, but his confronting the Kingsguard was pretty sweet.
I also liked the "should I tell him that" part too.
1191	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-01	Joffrey looked like he's in a manic withdrawal - he seemed to want to unleash his inner craziness and punish someone but can't do it with the Tyrells around. The dinner scene was awkward, and kinda funny..
1192	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	I found it slightly amusing when Cersei told Margaery she could use some armour in her dress when she's queen, perhaps even before her marriage and then looks at Joffrey in a 'come on, beat her!' kind of way. It's somehow funny how disturbed she is.
1193	wolverine	2013-04-01	I found it slightly amusing when Cersei told Margaery she could use some armour in her dress when she's queen, perhaps even before her marriage and then looks at Joffrey in a 'come on, beat her!' kind of way. It's somehow funny how disturbed she is.Never thought of that, but yeah, she is one sick bitch.
1194	ohpooratlas	2013-04-01	As someone already mentioned, some of Lena's facial expressions as Cersei were hillarious.  "What are they doing here?" "To protect me ... I presume?"
1195	Ciglon	2013-04-01	Still bothered by the fact that Missandei is a grown woman, though. I sense a lesbian scene between her and Dany is approaching, and I am not happy.Well, they have to make up for the missed opportunity with Dany and Irri onboard the boat, I suppose. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1196	Currawong	2013-04-01	My biggest laugh continues to be Gorgeous Glamorous Ygritte.
I mean, here we are in the frozen world beyond the Wall, where everyone else is swathed in furs and heavy skins, looking like people who somehow survive in this tough environment, with ice and snow in their hair, their beards, their eyebrows ... and Ygritte just swans along with her hood thrown back to reveal a complexion so gloriously perfect that she looks more like a model on a Paris catwalk parading the latest line in winter furs than any sort of Wildling woman!  Come on makeup guys - if you can uglify the gorgeous Gwendoline Christie as Brienne, and manage to make Catelyn look as though she is a woman ageing under the cares of a woman who's lost her husband and most of her family, then surely you can do a better job with Wildling Ygritte.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 01 April 2013 - 08:39 PM.
1197	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-01	Jon falling to his knees and saying "your Grace!" to Tormund. But him doing that in general was hilarious.
1198	Lady Octarina	2013-04-01	Whenever Littlefinger is in a scene in an episode, the biggest laugh is always his creepy behavior. I know it shouldn't be, but still, the only time I lol'ed the whole episode, especially because of his voice.
1199	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-01	Salladhor Saan's thing about having Davos as a guest of honour at all four of his weddings made me chuckle. That and Joffrey trying to say charity. Hilarious.
1200	Currawong	2013-04-01	I found it slightly amusing when Cersei told Margaery she could use some armour in her dress when she's queen, perhaps even before her marriage and then looks at Joffrey in a 'come on, beat her!' kind of way. It's somehow funny how disturbed she is.Oh, there were so many layers of meaning in that reference to 'armour'!   Loved it.   And loved Cersei's expression - you can almost feel the daggers.
1201	Osric	2013-04-01	"Sir Taryn Mant" jajajajjaja
1202	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	Thought of another. Joffrey sat in the back of that litter with a handkerchief in a comedy-villain pose. Made me chuckle, that did. Such a haughty, little cunt is Joffy.
1203	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-01	"I don't even know how much I'm paying you know!"
"Which means you can afford it"
and, of course
"At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time?"
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 01 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
1204	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-01	I was amused when Joffrey was staring at Margaery when she was with the orphan kids. 
It's like he was thinking: "What is this, being nice?" He looked a bit jealous though too at the same time.
1205	LordStoneheart	2013-04-01	I loved when Margaery's hand maiden said "You'll ruin your dress."
Her face lights up and she says "I have others." 
This season's Margaery captures the one we're shown in the books so well... I always did suspect she was more like she was portrayed in last season. Also, her and Loras at the dinner scene was perfect. They just looked so sugary happy, so Tyrell. 
Also, it's not exactly "funny" but I LOVED the scene with Ros and Shae where Ros tells Shae to protect her. I see others giving hate for it, but I never really thought about the fact that Ros might know Sansa. And "the bells rang all day when she was born"? Loved it! I like Shae and Sansa together. I really prefer Ros not having scenes, but if she has to be I like this way.
1206	Eric Xayavong	2013-04-01	"You're grace? You hear that? From know on you better kneel every time i fart"
1207	Delmas	2013-04-02	Bronn calling Ser Maryn Trant, ser Talon Mant.  I shit myself.
1208	greensleeves	2013-04-02	"Loras, isn't the queen's gown magnificent?  The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork..."
					
					
							Edited by greensleeves, 02 April 2013 - 01:14 AM.
1209	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-02	if u fail, they will burn you. if u succeed, they will burn you - sallador sannBesides the big and obvious names (Dance, Gleeson), Msamati was really good. And like you said, really funny. That conversation with Davos on the boat had some great dialogue. Somehow his pronunciation of Dragonstone also felt pretty awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 02 April 2013 - 01:21 AM.
1210	aurilcia	2013-04-02	Joff's face when he was watching Margaery leaving the orphanage. Also, Ygritte still mocking Jon, and Jon kneeling hastily and Tormund's reaction to it.
1211	Waylin Stark	2013-04-02	When Joffrey called his mother old at the dinner.
Tormund's reaction and saying he was farting thus everyone should bow.
Cersei's remark about Tyrion's nose.
"Ser Taryn Mant".
"Really, my lord??"
1212	Vendelin	2013-04-02	ser Taryn Mant, and ser Whosit of Whocares
killed me
1213	Sky Cell Dwalf	2013-04-02	I Loved Jon Snow's reaction to seeing a giant his face was priceless. Also when Tyrion says "Grandmaester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees." Bronn vs the kingsgaurd was also brilliant.
1214	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-02	everything bronn did. espeically when he said something like "walk back out and keep walking" to pod.
1215	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-02	I don't know why, but the look on Joffrey's face when he was looking out the window of the cabin was just hilarious!
1216	Lady Sansa Stark	2013-04-02	Jon Snow's kneeling. Gosh, that gave me one good laugh. And the Cersei-Tyrion conversation. Good, good, good.
1217	The Red Star	2013-04-02	I lolled at four weddings
1218	King of Winters	2013-04-02	The Bronn scene was good. Pod didn't know what do when he saw the woman. That was funny.
And also again the scene with Tyrion and Bronn speaking about how much Tyrion pays Bronn.
1219	The Red Star	2013-04-02	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Jon Snow's kneeling. Gosh, that gave me one good laugh. And the Cersei-Tyrion conversation. Good, good, good. I cringed at this, like come on Jon get your head out of your ass
1220	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	Tyrion's line about Pycelle being so old his balls brush his knees!
1221	Grandpa House	2013-04-02	biggest laugh was the scene transition/lead-in of Dany saying "8,000 dead babies?"
1222	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-02	For some reason my husband burst out laughing when the unsullied who had his nipple cut said he was glad to be of service. They really didn't have the time to truly describe the abomination that is the making of the Unsullied, so it was really kind of hard to care about them. They should have kept the part about the puppies, I know puppies would get to my husband. Babies - not so much, but 8 000 dead puppies is something.
1223	Jamie Lannister	2013-04-02	Roose Bolton's display of northern loyalty.
1224	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Tyrion: "Grandmaester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees."Here here!!!!!
1225	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	Bronn and Tyrion... I get paid double now... I don't know how much I'm paying you now. That means you can afford it. Chuckle.
1226	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	"He says a man doesn't need nipples," and the awkward exchange of looks was pretty funny also.
1227	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	Joffrey in his litter with the handkerchief was funny for some reason, as was the dinner conversation. I do not remember Joffrey ever act that way towards his mother in the books, though.
Also Salladhor Saan. I cannot take that man seriously at all, he is such a comedic character. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1228	shiola	2013-04-02	The "lost your nose" jokes was absolutely perfect.  I laughed really hard at Joffrey's fail!joke at the dinner, too.  So awkward and such a jackass.
Salla was perfection.
1229	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Joffrey in his litter with the handkerchief was funny for some reasonWasn't it just? Jack Gleeson needs an Emmy this year.
1230	The Fourth Head	2013-04-02	Cercei Lannister has provided the best entertainment for me throughout the series- whether it's to move, anger, or laugh- either at or with, and usually both!"it's your sister...the Queen?" - weary at having to explain herself, trying to be nice, and doing a poor job about it!Tyrion to Cercei "what are they doing here?"Cercei "protecting me... I assume?"Margary to Cercei- "Loras, isn't the queens gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery...the metalwork..I've never seen anything like it" (LOL'ed)Cercei's miserable smile when Loras happily explains "Margary does a great deal for the poor back in Highgarden" delicious! I'd like to think Loras was laying it on thick  just to get a few kicks out of making the Queen feel threatened.Cercei to Margary "an open heart is what you'll get in fleabottom if you're not careful" (score!)Joffrey towards Cercei- "facts become less and less important to her as she grows older" (LOL!)Cercei to Joffrey "we can't all have a king's bravery"(touche'!)I love it all! She won me over entirely with her drunken performance in Blackwater Series 2 where her efforts to scare Sansa had me laughing out in shock and horror.. "a slice of cake just waiting to be eat-en..."
1231	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	Also, Lena Headey being on fire so far and all, that little line about "She never stole another neckless again" and that little chuckle she does is so evil it's awesome. She's really coming into that role brilliantly.
1232	Winterz	2013-04-02	Missandei asking Kraznys if she should tell Jorah he smells like piss.This and their entire conversation. They don't need nipples!Also, what will become of Kraznys.
1233	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	Jack Gleeson! Every scene with him was just great- the confused look on his face at the notion of charity, the lame joke after arriving late to the feast, and the "facts become less and less important to her as she grows older" line.
1234	SeventySeven	2013-04-02	I might be alone, but Shae ruining Sansa's game made me laugh.
Also Joffrey, as usual. I often find his exchanges with Cersei hilarious.
1235	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	I might be alone, but Shae ruining Sansa's game made me laugh.I did not find it funny (I thought it rather sad, really), but it made me think how fond Shae is of ruining other people's games. The drinking game in the first season with Tyrion and Bronn, anybody? It somehow connects Sansa and Tyrion.
1236	Er Rn	2013-04-02	Margaery throwing shade at Cersei's metal contraption of a gown /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Salla and his four weddings is a close second
1237	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	Kraznys was just awesome, the actor deserves major props for the arrogance and smirking confidence on display there. That entire conversation I was laughing
1238	Tony Soprano	2013-04-02	Salla was easily the best comic relief of the episode. Him and his four weddings...gold! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Also, I love what the actor who plays Kraznys. He was amazing. When he said " ...tell this whore of Westeros... " the smug look on his face was great. I was laughing for most of the conversation. And then...the nipple...and an even smugger look. He's great.
1239	Songlian	2013-04-02	I would bet you a golden dragon that Lena Headey and Peter Dinklage ad-libbed that line.So clever Dave and Dan had to leave it in.My bets are on George giving them a hint. It's so like him.But I loved that remark.
1240	Nudu	2013-04-02	Plenty of little men tried to put a sword through my heart, and there are plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods.The delivery was pricelessWildlings burn their dead. This is bullshit.
1241	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	Pretty much everything Cersei this episode was great hilarity.
Also, I found Tywin/Tyrion's conversation hilarious. Way too rushed, not enough build up. Should've been another two minutes longer for the appropriate effect IMO.
1242	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Also, I found Tywin/Tyrion's conversation hilarious. Way too rushed, not enough build up. Should've been another two minutes longer for the appropriate effect IMO.Seriously? I thought that was the best dialogue in the episode. The way Tywin shifted from dutiful and respectful to contemptuous and bitter at the bat of a golden eyelash was awesome.
1243	Chuck88	2013-04-02	I laughed out of horror at the nipple thing.
Tarren Mant /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1244	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	Seriously? I thought that was the best dialogue in the episode. The way Tywin shifted from dutiful and respectful to contemptuous and bitter at the bat of a golden eyelash was awesome.The actors were great, the dialogue was excellent, etc.It was just... it felt rushed and that whole scene took place in what, two minutes? If someone watching at home decided to take a piss or stop paying attention for 30 seconds to respond to a text, they would've missed the whole scene.Whereas in the book, the convo was only two pages or so, but it MADE you sit up and reread it five times over.*shrugs*
1245	KineticMD	2013-04-02	It was just... it felt rushed and that whole scene took place in what, two minutes? If someone watching at home decided to take a piss or stop paying attention for 30 seconds to respond to a text, they would've missed the whole scene.It's a television show. That's kinda how it works.
1246	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	It was just... it felt rushed and that whole scene took place in what, two minutes? If someone watching at home decided to take a piss or stop paying attention for 30 seconds to respond to a text, they would've missed the whole scene.Hah, well, those people are the worst. Those are the fuckers that need stuff explaining to them later. But I see what you are getting at.Tis funny you should mention rereading the scene five times over. Cause I've rewatched that scene alone several times over. Great stuff from Dance and Dinklage.I remember reading in an interview how Dance would just start apologising to Dinklage once filming had stopped cause he was being so, so cruel /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That's a funny thought in itself.
1247	Lady Duck	2013-04-02	Everything Joffrey was hilarious. Him holding the handkerchief with a scandalised look a la Dauphin of France and the struggle to say "charity", just priceless. Jack Gleeson is brilliant.
1248	KSims1868	2013-04-02	Definitely Tyrion responding to Cersei...
Cersei tells Tyrion: "You're a clever man, but you're not half as clever as you think you are,"
To which he responds, "Still makes me more clever than you."
He's def the best.
Bronn is a great comic relief character as well.  Great scene with the guards by Tyrion's door and when he threatened Pod.
1249	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-02	I loved when Margaery's hand maiden said "You'll ruin your dress."Her face lights up and she says "I have others."This season's Margaery captures the one we're shown in the books so well... I always did suspect she was more like she was portrayed in last season. Also, her and Loras at the dinner scene was perfect. They just looked so sugary happy, so Tyrell.Also, it's not exactly "funny" but I LOVED the scene with Ros and Shae where Ros tells Shae to protect her. I see others giving hate for it, but I never really thought about the fact that Ros might know Sansa. And "the bells rang all day when she was born"? Loved it! I like Shae and Sansa together. I really prefer Ros not having scenes, but if she has to be I like this way.Yes, if we have to have Ros in a scene, I prefer her when she's clothed and using her brain and voice instead of other parts.  Not sure if Ros has personally met Sansa; but Ros is from near-Winterfell; and would know of Sansa, and might have seen her from afar (not to mention that Ros has probably had Sansa's brother Robb as a client; she's had Theon and she at least met Jon, who apparently declined).  What I liked about the bit with Ros is that it established that she still has some loyalty to House Stark/the North, at least to the extent of trying to look out for a captive and very vulnerable Stark daughter when she has the opportunity to do so.
1250	MoA«t	2013-04-02	Salla's been married more than 4 times! That made me howl.Also, it's not exactly "funny" but I LOVED the scene with Ros and Shae where Ros tells Shae to protect her. I see others giving hate for it, but I never really thought about the fact that Ros might know Sansa. And "the bells rang all day when she was born"? Loved it! I like Shae and Sansa together.And don't forget - Ros has two employers now.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 02 April 2013 - 04:19 PM.
1251	Ser Rhaedon Dagoghlor	2013-04-02	The entire Tyrell-Lannister dinner was gloriously awkward. Joffrey ripping on Cersei (as she gets older), Cersei ripping on Joffrey (king's bravery) and Loras and Margaery just laying it on thick with the Tyrell charm.
1252	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-02	I liked the dinner scene and the conversation about the Unsullied.
1253	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-02	Hah, well, those people are the worst. Those are the fuckers that need stuff explaining to them later. But I see what you are getting at.Tis funny you should mention rereading the scene five times over. Cause I've rewatched that scene alone several times over. Great stuff from Dance and Dinklage.I remember reading in an interview how Dance would just start apologising to Dinklage once filming had stopped cause he was being so, so cruel /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That's a funny thought in itself.The Tywin/Tyrion scene was the best acted, strongest scene in the episode.  What a treat to see those two actors squaring off; they're both brilliant!  And it made a great bookend to the scene between them in the first season, when Tywin surprised and delighted Tyrion by telling him to take up the office of Hand of the King (in my opinion, Peter Dinklage earned his Emmy in that moment; his reaction was so very real and heartbreaking, he was excited not just because he was getting status, but because his tyrant father was actually entrusting him with something so important for real rather than just dismissing him - we could see it all in his face, but not over-emoted).  Charles Dance is a marvelous actor; I've seen him play nice guys but he makes a terrific villain.  Anyone see him in Bleak House - he was terrifying.
1254	MoA«t	2013-04-02	The Tywin/Tyrion scene was the best acted, strongest scene in the episode.  What a treat to see those two actors squaring off; they're both brilliant!  And it made a great bookend to the scene between them in the first season, when Tywin surprised and delighted Tyrion by telling him to take up the office of Hand of the King (in my opinion, Peter Dinklage earned his Emmy in that moment; his reaction was so very real and heartbreaking, he was excited not just because he was getting status, but because his tyrant father was actually entrusting him with something so important for real rather than just dismissing him - we could see it all in his face, but not over-emoted).  Charles Dance is a marvelous actor; I've seen him play nice guys but he makes a terrific villain.  Anyone see him in Bleak House - he was terrifying. yes. yes, and yes.
1255	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	It's a television show. That's kinda how it works.Hah, well, those people are the worst. Those are the fuckers that need stuff explaining to them later. But I see what you are getting at.Doesn't change the fact that MOST people space out and don't pay attention to every last detail. Whether it's because they're tired and zone out for 10 seconds, or because they're with friends/family and someone says something, or it's because an accent is hard to understand, etc.Show should've kept all that in mind. Scene was WAY too short. Hell, even Tyrion's scene with Cersei and the Bronn and his whore scene were both longer.Tis funny you should mention rereading the scene five times over. Cause I've rewatched that scene alone several times over. Great stuff from Dance and Dinklage.I remember reading in an interview how Dance would just start apologising to Dinklage once filming had stopped cause he was being so, so cruel /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> That's a funny thought in itself.Ha. I'm sure I will, when I have the DVDs which I will eventually buy because i'm a sucker despite hating the show post-season one, also rewatch the scene over and over. Oh well. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And that's great. Pretty sure Jack gives Sophie a hug afterwards whenever they do a REALLY nasty scene together. Kind of funny.
1256	_CaptainRon	2013-04-02	So what was your funniest moment in episode one?I enjoyed Cersei's meta remark about hearing Tyrion had lost his nose.The banter between Tyrion and Bronn was once more brilliant.And the 'lost in translation' scene between Dany and Kraznys was just as good as it was in the book. I hope we get a bit more mileage out of that before dracarys.Haha, I enjoyed the nod. The banter between Tyrion and Bronn is always solid.I also got some dark humor chuckle in the scene between Tyrion and Tywin, just because this begins the dialogue of hate.
1257	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-02	I did not find it funny (I thought it rather sad, really), but it made me think how fond Shae is of ruining other people's games. The drinking game in the first season with Tyrion and Bronn, anybody? It somehow connects Sansa and Tyrion.I found that scene to have a couple of jabs at Shae. Sansa goes on to explain that its a game and to just shut up and play it. Shae is almost like Sansa's proverbial chew toy and i love it. Ros here going on about "girls like them" have risen up and Shae's disdain for the comment and Ros' little thing of "well thats what we are." was nice too. Shae is far too haughty.Seriously? I thought that was the best dialogue in the episode. The way Tywin shifted from dutiful and respectful to contemptuous and bitter at the bat of a golden eyelash was awesome.Tyrion/Tywin scene was pure magic. The acting there floored me. Good job on Dance and Dinklage!Yes, if we have to have Ros in a scene, I prefer her when she's clothed and using her brain and voice instead of other parts.  Not sure if Ros has personally met Sansa; but Ros is from near-Winterfell; and would know of Sansa, and might have seen her from afar (not to mention that Ros has probably had Sansa's brother Robb as a client; she's had Theon and she at least met Jon, who apparently declined).  What I liked about the bit with Ros is that it established that she still has some loyalty to House Stark/the North, at least to the extent of trying to look out for a captive and very vulnerable Stark daughter when she has the opportunity to do so.I highly doubt Robb was Ros' client. But Theon was. Ros' little tale about how the bells of Winterfell rang all day and night of Sansa's birth was really touching though. And her reminding the viewer that Littlefinger is a creep. I was ok with Ros this episode. I dont say that often.
1258	house of no sigil	2013-04-02	"I'm a sellsword. That's what I do. Sell my sword."
1259	teemo	2013-04-02	every time Joffrey talks I laugh.
1260	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-02	Well Dany and Irri get a bit jiggidy in the books and well that can't happen in the show so while not essential for Dany to go lesbian it is still relevant to her arcBack on topic the Tyrion comment about Cersei being as funny as Pycellle was classIt is not relevant and I sincerely doubt/hope that they leave it out being that Daario will be making an appearance soon.
1261	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-02	I found that scene to have a couple of jabs at Shae. Sansa goes on to explain that its a game and to just shut up and play it. Shae is almost like Sansa's proverbial chew toy and i love it. Ros here going on about "girls like them" have risen up and Shae's disdain for the comment and Ros' little thing of "well thats what we are." was nice too. Shae is far too haughty.Tyrion/Tywin scene was pure magic. The acting there floored me. Good job on Dance and Dinklage!I highly doubt Robb was Ros' client. But Theon was. Ros' little tale about how the bells of Winterfell rang all day and night of Sansa's birth was really touching though. And her reminding the viewer that Littlefinger is a creep. I was ok with Ros this episode. I dont say that often.I'm pretty sure that he did.
1262	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-02	"You're grace? You hear that? From know on you better kneel every time i fart"Yeah, but where was the "HAR!"
1263	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-02	Joffrey watching Marg was all kinds of funny, like "what is she doing? Why is she with those... p-p-people?".
1264	Newstar	2013-04-03	My biggest laugh of the episode was Jon's look of pure terror when he was looking at the giant.Cersei and Margaery going Mean Girls on each other was hilarious, too. I could almost hear the "That is the ugliest effing dress I've ever seen." (People who've seen Mean Girls will get what I'm talking about.)Joffrey watching Marg was all kinds of funny, like "what is she doing? Why is she with those... p-p-people?".I loved the idea that "charitable work" would be completely foreign to Joffrey. He said "charitable work" like he was referring to something obscure and arcane of which Margaery had special knowledge. So funny!Shae is almost like Sansa's proverbial chew toy and i love it.Eh, Shae doesn't seem to mind. She sounded downright proud when she told Ros in response to Ros' request to watch out for Sansa "I always do." It sounded like something a protective boyfriend might say. (Not that I ship TV Shae/Sansa or anything...ahem.)
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 April 2013 - 12:04 AM.
1265	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-03	My biggest laugh of the episode was Jon's look of pure terror when he was looking at the giant.Cersei and Margaery going Mean Girls on each other was hilarious, too. I could almost hear the "That is the ugliest effing dress I've ever seen." (People who've seen Mean Girls will get what I'm talking about.)I loved the idea that "charitable work" would be completely foreign to Joffrey. He said "charitable work" like he was referring to something obscure and arcane of which Margaery had special knowledge. So funny!SORCERY!!Ah... also Sam's scene. I laughed because it sounded to much like "You had one job!".
1266	Newstar	2013-04-03	SORCERY!!Ah... also Sam's scene. I laughed because it sounded to much like "You had one job!".HAHAHAHA that was my exact thought! I was disappointed that Jeor didn't actually say "YOU HAD ONE JOB," though, but it's just as well, because I would have died of laughter if he had.Reddit's all over it.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 03 April 2013 - 12:08 AM.
1267	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-03	Everything Joffrey was hilarious. Him holding the handkerchief with a scandalised look a la Dauphin of France and the struggle to say "charity", just priceless. Jack Gleeson is brilliant.Yes! He almost choked when he said it.  Classic!
1268	I do not sew	2013-04-03	Gleeson is just so money as Jeoff. Every line is delivered so perfectly, he's always hilarious.
Likewise, I'm hoping we get some Lancel next ep. Dude KILLS it. He's supposed to be grievously wounded though, I'm wondering how they're going to play that.
Melisandre winding up Davos made me laugh for some reason. Carice is so good I was all, "oh you bitch! You nastay..."
1269	Buckwheat	2013-04-03	Doesn't change the fact that MOST people space out and don't pay attention to every last detail. Whether it's because they're tired and zone out for 10 seconds, or because they're with friends/family and someone says something, or it's because an accent is hard to understand, etc.A little bit off topic, but Tywin's and Tyrion's accents are one of the easiest to understand. I am a non-native speaker, and I sometimes have problems understanding some of the accents, for example when Ygritte, Dolorous Edd or Robb speak. Never had that with any of the Lannisters.
1270	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Cersei's face when Joff calls her old.
1271	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	In fact that whole dinner scene. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1272	protar	2013-04-03	A little bit off topic, but Tywin's and Tyrion's accents are one of the easiest to understand. I am a non-native speaker, and I sometimes have problems understanding some of the accents, for example when Ygritte, Dolorous Edd or Robb speak. Never had that with any of the Lannisters.The Lannister's are all speaking the Queen's English which is the standard accent and I guess the most clear. It's probably the type of English accent that gets the most exposure abroad. Whereas the Northern characters tend to speak in well... northern accents. Or Scottish in Robb's case.
1273	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	Slave trader and his translator, no contest.
"Tell the old man he smells of piss."
"Truly, master?" Hahaha
On the topic of accents: it's why I prefer to watch shows and movies with subtitles on. Even in my mother language I tend to miss out on bits here and there, especially if there's background noise or other distractions going on.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Drizztos, 03 April 2013 - 05:44 AM.
1274	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	The Lannister's are all speaking the Queen's English which is the standard accent and I guess the most clear. It's probably the type of English accent that gets the most exposure abroad. Whereas the Northern characters tend to speak in well... northern accents. Or Scottish in Robb's case.Does anybody else really like how the accents get thicker and thicker up north, with the wildlings having the thickest?
1275	Buckwheat	2013-04-03	Does anybody else really like how the accents get thicker and thicker up north, with the wildlings having the thickest?I really think it is a good idea to differentiate between characters with the accent according to where they come. It is also enough noticeable for the foreign viewers, I noticed that all the Starks have a similar accent, for example. The trouble is, the thickest accents are hard to understand.
1276	Clariana	2013-04-03	A little bit off topic, but Tywin's and Tyrion's accents are one of the easiest to understand. I am a non-native speaker, and I sometimes have problems understanding some of the accents, for example when Ygritte, Dolorous Edd or Robb speak. Never had that with any of the Lannisters.Also speed is a factor Tyrion and Tywin are pretty sedate whereas Ygritte speaks quite fast, Dolorous Ed mumbles and Robb is... Scottish!
1277	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	The Lannister's are all speaking the Queen's English which is the standard accent and I guess the most clear. It's probably the type of English accent that gets the most exposure abroad. Whereas the Northern characters tend to speak in well... northern accents. Or Scottish in Robb's case.Oh, yes. And that's a good way to help the audience with the different settings. I really came to love those accents. First, it was Sean Bean with his Yorkshire accent, and I like the Lannisters using RP (i.e. received pronunciation).In the German version I noticed that only Shae has an accent - quite thick, but it lessens every new season.On topic: I thought that the dinner scene was really hilarious.
1278	shiola	2013-04-03	Ah... also Sam's scene. I laughed because it sounded to much like "You had one job!".I thought this, too!  You had ONE JOB, Tarly.  ONE JOB.Also, am I the only one who found it funny when Cersei said to Joffrey (at the dinner, regarding the riot) "You are your father's son"?  I mean, since the charade is still going on that Robert is Joffrey's father, and Robert was a pathetic king, I found it to be such a clever, under the radar diss.
1279	shiola	2013-04-03	Oh, yes. And that's a good way to help the audience with the different settings. I really came to love those accents. First, it was Sean Bean with his Yorkshire accent, and I like the Lannisters using RP (i.e. received pronunciation).In the German version I noticed that only Shae has an accent - quite thick, but it lessens every new season.On topic: I thought that the dinner scene was really hilarious.continuing with the off topic stuff...  I've never noticed a difference in peoples' accents based on where the characters are from.  I'm a native speaker, but I'm American and wasn't strong with understanding strong British/Scottish accents for a while.  I can now, but I still can't really tell them apart other than "Oh, Robb talks differently than Tyrion".  If they truly are different accents based on where they're from in the show, that's really cool.
1280	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	I thought this, too!  You had ONE JOB, Tarly.  ONE JOB.Also, am I the only one who found it funny when Cersei said to Joffrey (at the dinner, regarding the riot) "You are your father's son"?  I mean, since the charade is still going on that Robert is Joffrey's father, and Robert was a pathetic king, I found it to be such a clever, under the radar diss.I actually took it the other way, that she reminds him that he is in fact not Robert's legitimate son. She adds "We can't all have a king's bravery", and Robert was by all accounts brave to the point of overconfidence. Jaime on the other hand, while a skilled swordsman, has the reputation of a craven kingslayer.
1281	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-03	As mentioned before, Jons kneeling.
1282	mteague26	2013-04-03	"Because the truth is usually either terrible or boring."
1283	Buckwheat	2013-04-03	I actually took it the other way, that she reminds him that he is in fact not Robert's legitimate son. She adds "We can't all have a king's bravery", and Robert was by all accounts brave to the point of overconfidence. Jaime on the other hand, while a skilled swordsman, has the reputation of a craven kingslayer.I do not think she was trying to remind him of that. Joff is not even supposed to know Robert is not his father, Cersei wants to hide it from him. He believes he is Robert's trueborn heir."Because the truth is usually either terrible or boring."Ummm, that was funny?
1284	shiola	2013-04-03	I actually took it the other way, that she reminds him that he is in fact not Robert's legitimate son. She adds "We can't all have a king's bravery", and Robert was by all accounts brave to the point of overconfidence. Jaime on the other hand, while a skilled swordsman, has the reputation of a craven kingslayer.Oh that makes a lot of sense as well!
1285	andrew_	2013-04-03	Definitely Sam's "You had one job" moment.
And Kraznys being a complete prick (he was perfectly cast and perfectly acted, pure brilliance).
1286	The Monkey	2013-04-03	The whole dinner scene with Loras, Marg, Jogg and Cersei was brilliant. "Facts become less and less important to my mother as she grows older."
1287	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	I actually took it the other way, that she reminds him that he is in fact not Robert's legitimate son. She adds "We can't all have a king's bravery", and Robert was by all accounts brave to the point of overconfidence. Jaime on the other hand, while a skilled swordsman, has the reputation of a craven kingslayer.Jaime has the reputation of an oathbreaker, not a craven. He may be the most recklessly brave character in Westeros.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 03 April 2013 - 11:01 AM.
1288	Abaddon	2013-04-03	I would bet you a golden dragon that Lena Headey and Peter Dinklage ad-libbed that line.So clever Dave and Dan had to leave it in.Lena hasn't read the books and I don't think Peter has either.  So, that doesn't really make any sense.For me, lots of humor, but I love the way Joffrey struggles to say "charitable".  It's like he is trying to consider what the word even means as he is saying it, and failing.  Beautifully acted by Gleason.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 03 April 2013 - 11:27 AM.
1289	Abaddon	2013-04-03	I did not find it funny (I thought it rather sad, really), but it made me think how fond Shae is of ruining other people's games. The drinking game in the first season with Tyrion and Bronn, anybody? It somehow connects Sansa and Tyrion.Totally out of place in a humor thread; that's actually a really interesting observation.  Will have to reflect on that -- thanks.
1290	Abaddon	2013-04-03	I have to say, after reading this thread:
1) I need to re-watch, badly.  (I had a group of people over and definitely missed some details).
2) This has to be one of the funniest (in a good way) Thrones episodes ever.  So much comedy gold.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 03 April 2013 - 11:37 AM.
1291	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	I do not think she was trying to remind him of that. Joff is not even supposed to know Robert is not his father, Cersei wants to hide it from him. He believes he is Robert's trueborn heir.You guys are probably right. Reflecting again on her two lines, they do make sense as simple irony, making light of Joffrey's timid nature compared to either of his potential fathers.
1292	KingGendry	2013-04-03	Tyrion: "Grandmaester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees." /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1293	ebevan91	2013-04-03	I have to say, after reading this thread:1) I need to re-watch, badly.  (I had a group of people over and definitely missed some details).2) This has to be one of the funniest (in a good way) Thrones episodes ever.  So much comedy gold.I've watched this episode 3 times already, and some parts for a 4th time. That's more than the last 5 episodes of season 2.
1294	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	Everyone has mentioned some really good ones. 
One quick little HAHA my daughter and I had was Tyrion grabbing the axe for Cersei's visit.  I don't think I've seen that one mentioned here, I did laugh at that as soon as I saw it.
1295	Ser Graymax	2013-04-03	No one else found the giant pounding a stake in with his bare hands and Ygrette mentioning something about him doing it to a man when angered funny?.  Giant as the Hulk- "Dont make me mad.  You wouldnt like me when Im mad"
1296	Net-Viper X	2013-04-03	I enjoyed that Jofferey at dinner scene quite a bit, and got the distinct impression he had a completely different and far more offensive word in mind and had to force himself to use the word charity instead.
Every time that Joff is in a scene with the Tyrels where he has to pretend to be nice, they heed to have his voice overlayed on the scene so we can hear his inner thoughts. I would love to know what he is thinking with his twisted mind during those scenes.
1297	Dank Jedi	2013-04-04	The lack of the Battle of the Fist of the First Men...that was a laugh.
1298	mmp	2013-04-04	Marg and Loras sharing a look at dinner easily wins.
1299	Tyrion4President	2013-04-04	when they were in flea bottom and they asked joff if he wanted to go talk to margery. he looked soooo shook.
"No NOO just take me to mommyy!!!"
1300	Ahead	2013-04-04	1. Everything Brin says to the KG. Bron in general, I really love how he is always in rage mode. His On- and Off-switch is stuck in "On" and I love it.
2. JoffreyÂ´s struggle with finding a word fitting to describe MageryÂ´s good deeds. Like he doesnÂ´t even have the word "nice" in his vocabulary. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1301	Queen of Whores	2013-04-04	"At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time?"
I love how Joffrey was trying to be witty in front of Margaery, and in his mind that was just hilarious.
And Roose talking to Karstark. How incredibly loyal both of those men turn out to be.
1302	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-04	"I'm a sellsword.  I sell my sword.  I don't loan it out to friends as a favor."  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />This episode had more than its share of funny moments but that one gets me each time I watch.
1303	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-04	Bronn with podrick "Ill murder you boy"
Bronn with whitecloaks "Sir Teryn Mant & sair..who's it fookit"
Bronn with Tyrion "Knight are worth double. You can afford it"
Bronn for president.
1304	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	Bronn with podrick "Ill murder you boy"Bronn with whitecloaks "Sir Teryn Mant & sair..who's it fookit"Bronn with Tyrion "Knight are worth double. You can afford it"Bronn for president.Bronn for WORLD president.
1305	kellianne	2013-04-04	HAHAHAHA that was my exact thought! I was disappointed that Jeor didn't actually say "YOU HAD ONE JOB," though, but it's just as well, because I would have died of laughter if he had.Reddit's all over it.That would have been my favorite part too. Although Tormund was a close second. I like Shae better in the show than in the books, because she is such a brat in the books. Although I'm wondering how this will relate to other events in ACOK, because (trying to not spoil exactly) conflict!!
1306	ebevan91	2013-04-04	"It's your sister...the Queen?"I don't know why but that made lol.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 04 April 2013 - 04:04 PM.
1307	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	"It's your sister...the Queen?"I don't know why but that made lol.And how many times are we going to hear about how she's the queen this season do you reckon? /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Not to mention next season...
1308	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	I saw it in a theater with an audience, and by far the biggest laugh was Bronn's "I'll murder you, boy!"
Also I should say that this was a really awesome way to watch the show (HBO screened the last episode of season 2 and the premeire of season 3 at GMU), in a movie theater with a bunch of fans. Hearing everyone's reactions was a lot of fun.
Except for this one little group of girls behind me who were complaining out loud about all the little changes from the books (even booing Talisa), as if everyone agreed with them and wanted to hear their opinion while they were watching the show, but whatever.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 04 April 2013 - 08:38 PM.
1309	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	I saw it in a theater with an audience, and by far the biggest laugh was Bronn's "I'll murder you, boy!"OT but theatre? What awesome place filled with cool people do you live in?!
1310	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	OT but theatre? What awesome place filled with cool people do you live in?!HBO screened it at the same time as the airing at George Mason University's cinema in VA.  They also gave out a BUNCH of free stuff (I got posters of several of the characters, a pack of playing cards, and sygil buttons), and they did trivia with the reward for getting the answers right a DVD box set of season 2.  They probably gave away 10 or so of them.I bet they did it at a lot of colleges around the US.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 04 April 2013 - 08:36 PM.
1311	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	HBO screened it at the same time as the airing at George Mason University's cinema in VA.  They also gave out a BUNCH of free stuff (I got posters of several of the characters, a pack of playing cards, and sygil buttons), and they did trivia with the reward for getting the answers right a DVD box set of season 2.  They probably gave away 10 or so of them.I bet they did it at a lot of colleges around the US.Wish they'd done that in my country/uni! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1312	tito5601	2013-04-04	Marg and Loras sharing a look at dinner easily wins. yea both actors did a good job of showing us how akward dinner with the lannisters can be
1313	awesome possum	2013-04-07	It was Bronn's, "and you're a grub in fancy armor whose only good at beating little girls."
I liked but loathed Bronn in the books but in the show I just like him, and awesome quips like that are why.
1314	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-07	Funiest part was the "lost in translation" Danny/Missandei part.Still bothered by the fact that Missandei is a grown woman, though. I sense a lesbian scene between her and Dany is approaching, and I am not happy.And yes, Lesbian Action is Coming (sure as winter). And I must say... is it really necessary, HBO? We only get 10 hours of show a year, while the internet is full of all kinds of porn...
1315	I'll pay the iron price	2013-04-07	Bronns mickey taking of Meryn Trannt
"Ser Teryn Mant" was a good line
1316	victim	2013-04-07	"He was my brother once, back when he had a whole hand."
1317	boojam	2013-04-07	Bronns mickey taking of Meryn Trannt"Ser Teryn Mant" was a good lineIan Beattie (with the absent Jamie)has had more screen time as a King's Guard than anybody, I sometimes think they don't have the same actors (extras) playing the rest of the King's Guard!I mean he always seems to be always around and does have a speaking role, even if he hasn't said 20 words over three seasons.Someone should interview him!
1318	callmedodge	2013-04-08	Bronns mickey taking of Meryn Trannt"Ser Teryn Mant" was a good lineBronn: Well if it isn`t Ser Teryn Mant and... (pointing at Trant) eh, the other one.Trant: Ser Meryn Trant.Genius.
1319	cuendillar	2013-04-09	Funiest part was the "lost in translation" Danny/Missandei part.And yes, Lesbian Action is Coming (sure as winter). And I must say... is it really necessary, HBO? We only get 10 hours of show a year, while the internet is full of all kinds of porn...It won't happen, that's almost certain. Emilia (who plays Dany) will refuse, she's already said that the fully-clothed scene with Doreah was her most uncomfortable. It's not as if there's a story-wise point to a lesbian scene either, so I can't see them forcing her into it - even should the contract allow them to.
1320	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	Joff's mention of ...''charity'' was hilarious.
1321	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-12	Joff's mention of ...''charity'' was hilarious.Lol yeah. It also seemed VERY out of character to me /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1322	First of My Name	2013-04-25	'My mother is overreacting. Facts become less and less important as she grows... older.' Cersei did NOT look happy.
1323	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	im not sure why but for some reason i thought the prostitute Bronn was with was actually a man. when she hinted that she wanted him to take her smallcloths off with his mouth i was thinking it was gonna be like BAM PENIS! which gave me a bit of a laugh after
1324	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	"It's your sister...the Queen?"I don't know why but that made lol. "what are they doing here?" ... "protecting me, i suppose"
1325	Whoresbane Umber	2013-04-28	Plenty of little men tried to put a sword through my heart, and there are plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods.The delivery was pricelesswho said that
1326	a shadow	2013-04-01	Here is this.Looks as if could be tigers. Is this traceable/suggestive in some way?Edit: Book spoilers made their way in.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 03 April 2013 - 02:52 PM.
1327	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-02	I was puzzled that she didn't get the Stark direwolf. I thought it would be a combination of that and something else.
1328	Loras	2013-04-02	Tigers would make sense seeing as she is from Volantis.  There is no indication, in the show, that her family is tiger supporters.
I thought they were lions circling each other... but tigers makes far more sense.
1329	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-02	There is a Malaquo Maegyr from Volantis, who is a Tiger.
Catelyn gets a direwolf, though. But Cersei gets a lion.
1330	Maester Tormund	2013-04-02	There is a Malaquo Maegyr from Volantis, who is a Tiger.Catelyn gets a direwolf, though. But Cersei gets a lion.Catelyn, while Tully by birth, is without a doubt now a woman of the North.  Cersei is a Lannister through and through.
1331	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	Here is this.Looks as if could be tigers. Is this traceable/suggestive in some way?Excellent catch, Shadow!I think tigers make sense since she is from Volantis. It would have been much easier to give her a wolf, though.
1332	Loras	2013-04-02	The big thing that surprised me about the opening sequence was that Ian McElhinney was not credited as a series regular.  Bizarre.
I do think her sigil looks cool though!
1333	billy g.	2013-04-02	It's too small to make out, really. Maybe it could be an elephant and a tiger? The two ruling parties of Volantis, circling each other.
1334	Tadco26	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFg
1335	Tourniquet	2013-04-02	Great catch. Tiger and a Lion?
1336	jonny__bravo	2013-04-02	Spotted this when I was explaining the opening sequence sigils to my non-book reading friend. Intially I thought it was a lion and a direwolf circling each other, given the intrigue surrounding Oona Chaplin's character. Bit more research suggests the two circling tigers is the sigil of the Meagyr Family in Volanits.
					
					
							Edited by jonny__bravo, 02 April 2013 - 01:02 PM.
1337	Bride of Winter	2013-04-02	Nice catch, and interesting thread! I'm really liking the bow for Ygritte as well. simple but fitting (if they ever have any other wildlings make the opening credits, it'd be cool if they all had the same sigil imo)
1338	dubq	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgMind blown. Hadn't even considered that.
1339	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgMind slightly blown.I'd caught a few of those "clues" but not all of them.  It does make a man wonder... /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
1340	One of Three	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgBy the Seven, you've blown my mind /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
1341	Tadco26	2013-04-02	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgMind slightly blown.I'd caught a few of those "clues" but not all of them.  It does make a man wonder... /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />The pros to that theory are that it gives a real reason to have a completely different character from Jeyne, when that change seemed rather lacking in purpose to me.On the flip side the show has no hints of being subtle with anything from Renly and Loras to Littlefinger's plotting, so it makes you wonder if they would are capable or trusting enough of their audience to try something that ambitious and relatively difficult to pick up on.
1342	TigerKarl	2013-04-02	Mind blown. Hadn't even considered that.Just wow. These fans find depth behind everything. I'm loving this theory.
1343	jblair	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgThis is so glorious. What a terrific job!edit: And by the writers too, if it's true.
					
					
							Edited by jblair, 02 April 2013 - 04:07 PM.
1344	Crown	2013-04-02	Oh, tigers...
I thought it was a fish.
1345	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgVery nicely done.  I hope it is true.
1346	The Chequered Raven	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgawesome! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1347	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgVery interesting. Some things are quite a stretch but there's plenty that comes together really well.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 02 April 2013 - 04:33 PM.
1348	DragonAge93	2013-04-02	I like that Talisa theory. It would explain why she's at the Red Wedding, and why she was so quick to "fall in love" with Robb and marry him. She'll do something to betray him at the RW, with Roose delivering the final blow. Maybe she really is Jeyne, which might explain why HBO always labels photos of her under "Jeyne".
1349	SelaBela	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgOh excellent! That was quite good.  I thought the Rains of Castamere reprisal during the "mission accomplished" scene was pretty ominous as well.
1350	kevin1989	2013-04-02	It's an eliphant zoom in and you see that it has - how do you call that in english - Eliphant nose (sorry don't know the exact name). And the tail is flowing from left to above.
1351	Kasrith	2013-04-02	Seeing this on Sunday - before the Volantis tiger connection was brought to mind - I too paused to see the sigil and thought it was a bull.
1352	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-02	I've been on the "Talisa is a spy" wagon since mid last season.
There are a few flaws to the video though -
Not "everyone from Essos" has an accent - Illyrio, Varys, and most of the Qarth'een don't.
Talisa doesn't carry around "lots of silk", she lacks it - and a very tenuous connection to the Lannisters doing business with a silk trader, silk is just something a medic would use.
Knowing that a significant castle would have a Maester with a stock of medical supplies is something anyone who has spent 2 minutes in Westeros would know.
She's still a spy, though.
More confirmation from this episode - Harrenhall knew Robb was coming, and the Lannisters are now able to evade him and not give him a fight on the battlefield. Cause Talisa keeps them informed on Robb's movements, duh...
1353	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgI can get on board with that. It would at least make the Talisa change interesting, instead of plucky nurse Robb falls for twu wuv.
1354	dubq	2013-04-02	Re: people from whereever having accents, etc. It would be easy enough to fake if one were a spy.
1355	dubq	2013-04-02	It's an eliphant zoom in and you see that it has - how do you call that in english - Eliphant nose (sorry don't know the exact name). And the tail is flowing from left to above.Sorry dude. There is no way that is an elephant...
1356	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgi had a feeling... but that pieced it together.Why else change the character (from the book), other than to make it easier to set this up.
1357	King Tommen	2013-04-02	Just to be clear, Ran has come on one of these many silly threads recently and stated emphatically that Talisa is exactly what she appears to be.  She is not a spy.  So let's shut this down (until the next thread pops up and it has to be debunked again).
1358	Tadco26	2013-04-02	I'm curious as to how Ran would know that for sure?  I know he has more contacts than most of us to the show, but I was under the impression that he hasn't seen the whole season yet and I wouldn't expect it to be revealed until near the end if it were true.  Not that I would be surprised if it wasn't the case.  Mainly because the writers have shown zero ability or desire to have any mysteries in the show.  See Selmy revealing himself right away, Littlefinger dealing with Sansa directly instead of Dontos, revealing exactly what happens to Craster's sons, revealing all of Loras and Renly's relationship,.  The writers don't seem to like leaving anything to the imagination when it comes to plots.
1359	teemo	2013-04-02	Just to be clear, Ran has come on one of these many silly threads recently and stated emphatically that Talisa is exactly what she appears to be.  She is not a spy.  So let's shut this down (until the next thread pops up and it has to be debunked again).link? that's too bad...it would fit pretty well and make her way more interesting...
1360	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-02	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgNot that nonsense again.
1361	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-03	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgI was thinking something similar as well, but that was a VERY thorough argument. I'm not but a few hundred pages in to AFFC, so I've no idea if there was something similar revealed in the books, but if so--
	Spoiler Cat better widen her Riverland revenge campaign beyond the Freys.

					
					
							Edited by PetyrPunkinhead, 03 April 2013 - 12:11 AM.
1362	Clariana	2013-04-03	Great theory! I had picked up on Roose's attitude and given the same interpretation, he doesn't care about Robb's infatuation because he's already planning a coup, but I thought Talisa was merely wishy-washy.
Now will Tally get it at the RW? Bet she does, no-one likes a spy and the best spies are dead ones once their main job is done...
1363	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-03	For crying out loud, Talisa is not a spy. What kind of spy acts deliberately antagonistic toward her enemy King? What sort of spy actively helps her enemies soldiers after they have been injured? For that matter, what sort of spy serves as a medic in the first place?
Talisa told her story in episode 8 last season. That is who she is.
1364	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	The spy theory holds water, I think she may be doing It under duress though, and perhaps changes Her mind too late...
I'm not sold on it though.
Guess we'll know soon enough.
					
					
							Edited by The Dragon has three heads, 03 April 2013 - 02:07 AM.
1365	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-03	For crying out loud, Talisa is not a spy. What kind of spy acts deliberately antagonistic toward her enemy King? What sort of spy actively helps her enemies soldiers after they have been injured? For that matter, what sort of spy serves as a medic in the first place?A very good spy.
1366	Bayard	2013-04-03	More confirmation from this episode - Harrenhall knew Robb was coming, and the Lannisters are now able to evade him and not give him a fight on the battlefield. Cause Talisa keeps them informed on Robb's movements, duh...And how exactly she does it?? she uses a cell phone?? How could she hide raven cages? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1367	Buckwheat	2013-04-03	For crying out loud, Talisa is not a spy. What kind of spy acts deliberately antagonistic toward her enemy King? What sort of spy actively helps her enemies soldiers after they have been injured? For that matter, what sort of spy serves as a medic in the first place?An undercover spy?I do not give the writers enough credit to believe the theory that Talisa is a spy, but it makes a lot of sense to me.
1368	protar	2013-04-03	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgIt's a good theory and I suppose it makes sense as in the books the Westerlings are part of the betrayal (an interesting question is how much Jeyne knew about it.). So they'd be combining Jeyne with her relatives. The only problem is it means giving Talisa more screen time.Also I loved:"He knows what she is, and doesn't give a shit. Swish"
1369	Clariana	2013-04-03	And how exactly she does it?? she uses a cell phone?? How could she hide raven cages? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Tsk, tsk, not all messages are sent by raven, you know... T probably has a contact who has a contact... Ravens could appear any way along the line... or not.
1370	Tadco26	2013-04-03	And how exactly she does it?? she uses a cell phone?? How could she hide raven cages? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Inconsistent travel times in the TV show have never made much sense anyway so I wouldn't say explaining how it happens matters much to the writers.  See teleporting Littlefinger last season for example.  It is curious as to who she would have been writing if not the Lannisters, since we haven't seen anyone else traveling with her and she hasn't mentioned any other friends, allies or companions here in Westeros.  And most people in Westeros can't read.  Someone had to deliver the letter she wrote to it's intended destination though, whether it was innocent or not.Regardless of whether Talisa is a spy or not, we do know that the Lannisters have a spy in Robb's camp, Tywin says as much in season 2.  So spies informing Tywin on what Robb is doing neither confirms nor supports that Talisa specifically is a spy.  I never liked the Jeyne to Talisa change, but if this theory were true at least it would give a more interesting reason for the change.  Unfortunately it is more likely that the writers were just sloppy with some of the inconsistencies that seem like "clues" and others are just circumstantial at best.
1371	dubq	2013-04-03	For crying out loud, Talisa is not a spy. What kind of spy acts deliberately antagonistic toward her enemy King? What sort of spy actively helps her enemies soldiers after they have been injured? For that matter, what sort of spy serves as a medic in the first place?Talisa told her story in episode 8 last season. That is who she is.Even if the theory is bunk, your ideas of what normal spy behavior is, is pretty off. Maybe you should read some espionage novels.
					
					
							Edited by dubq, 03 April 2013 - 08:10 AM.
1372	dubq	2013-04-03	Just to be clear, Ran has come on one of these many silly threads recently and stated emphatically that Talisa is exactly what she appears to be.  She is not a spy.  So let's shut this down (until the next thread pops up and it has to be debunked again).So, we're not allowed to theorize because some random poster who "has more show contacts" says so? F that..
1373	protar	2013-04-03	So, we're not allowed to theorize because some random poster who "has more show contacts" says so? F that..Well Ran is hardly a random poster. You may not be aware of the fact seeing as your new but he does, ya know, run this website. And he's frequently in touch with the show runners.Having said that he's not omniscient, so he may or may not have insider knowledge of Talisa's identity.
1374	Tadco26	2013-04-03	I found Ran's quote, but no supporting evidence to suggest that it is a fact rather than an opinion:The video is taking a bunch of sloppy writing choices and spinning them into something that was not intended. Seriously, Talisa = Talisa, she's not a spy, a honeypot, a mole, an agent provacateur, or anything of the sort. She's exactly what she says she is.That being said there are other clues from the actress that she is not a spy in this interview:Simone Boyce:  What do you think is the biggest difference for your character from book three compared to season three?Oona: "I think probably the main difference is probably the genuineness of her feelings towards Robb.  This woman just loves him and the love grows deeper and deeper as she understands him more, she just..."Of course I wasn't really aware of any lack of genuineness with Jeyne's feelings for Robb in the book, but anyway...Oona gives a few more quotes in another interview:Talisa and Robb have the only love story on "Game of Thrones" that hasn't been tainted by political gain, murder or incest so far, and Chaplin said that's why she loves their relationship so much. "It's so pure," she said. "I think the audience will really root for the couple even though it has its consequences."She added, "[Robb and Talisa have] just a really lovely, romantic, solid love story that you want to get behind and you want to work out, that's the main thing.Of course that interview does have the key words so far when in regards to not being tainted. 
	Spoiler Richard Madden has said many things about this season that give no indication that his role is ending in episode 9.  Sophie Turner, who has read the books, makes comments about her hopes to get reunited with Robb and Catelyn and the rest of her family.  Kit Harrington has said Jon would never break his Night's Watch vows.
  So it's not like if the big surprise of the season was Talisa is a spy and traitor was true that Oona would do anything to hint at that before hand.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 10:16 AM.
1375	Juli Cachet	2013-04-03	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgmind = blown /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
1376	billy g.	2013-04-03	Right, or wrong, the dude's logic is brilliant! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1377	Silverx2	2013-04-03	Sorry but My theory is way better
	Spoiler Talisa returns to volantis(shes highborn after all) with the unborn child of Robb after the red wedding, a few seasons will pass and Dany will make her way to volantis finally ready to cross the narrow sea, upon arriving she will be greeted by Illiryo with information on the final piece to her Iron throne puzzle, an heir to winterfel, Talisa meets with Dany and adds some volantis soldiers to her Khalasar and crosses the narrow sea the north supports her since Talisa and the son of the king of the north is verified by the last mormont sister.
1378	Maester Tormund	2013-04-03	Sorry but My theory is way better
	Spoiler Talisa returns to volantis(shes highborn after all) with the unborn child of Robb after the red wedding, a few seasons will pass and Dany will make her way to volantis finally ready to cross the narrow sea, upon arriving she will be greeted by Illiryo with information on the final piece to her Iron throne puzzle, an heir to winterfel, Talisa meets with Dany and adds some volantis soldiers to her Khalasar and crosses the narrow sea the north supports her since Talisa and the son of the king of the north is verified by the last mormont sister.
This would deviate substantially from the books (unless Jeyne is carrying Robb's heir).  I don't think D&D would want to go that far away from the original source.  Having Talisa be a spy is actually a lot better for the show than for Jeyne to just be a lordlings daughter.  The people that only watch the show watch it from the perspective of today, not the perspective of someone in Westeros.  In Westeros what Robb did was a very bad thing, a king should not go back on his word.  That wouldn't translate well onto the screen.  A spy who works to undermine the North from within however translate splendidly.
1379	kevin1989	2013-04-03	Sorry dude. There is no way that is an elephant...Trust me it's an elephant, I watched the episode on 720p on a 48 inch TV and it's an elephant. I would post the logo here.
					
					
							Edited by kevin1989, 03 April 2013 - 12:34 PM.
1380	Silverx2	2013-04-03	This would deviate substantially from the books (unless Jeyne is carrying Robb's heir).  I don't think D&amp;D would want to go that far away from the original source.  Having Talisa be a spy is actually a lot better for the show than for Jeyne to just be a lordlings daughter.  The people that only watch the show watch it from the perspective of today, not the perspective of someone in Westeros.  In Westeros what Robb did was a very bad thing, a king should not go back on his word.  That wouldn't translate well onto the screen.  A spy who works to undermine the North from within however translate splendidly.And that spy is 
	Spoiler  Roose, the man who kills Robb 
In the books i thought it was pretty clear that 1.)Jeyne had finally gotten pregnant and 2.)the person Jamie sent with edmure back to Casterly Rock was not Jeyne. Thus the change to having that character be from Volantis. Its a long term change that changes the origin in order to make the destination work out nicely. It gives the show a chance to explain some of the customs from across the narrow sea(slaves with tattoos) while giving a nice little bow tie on the end game with Dany.
					
					
							Edited by Silverx2, 03 April 2013 - 12:42 PM.
1381	Silverx2	2013-04-03	Trust me it's an elephant, I watched the episode on 720p on a 48 inch TV and it's an elephant. I would post the logo here.I watched it in 1080p its 2 tigers
1382	kevin1989	2013-04-03	I watched it in 1080p its 2 tigersI watched it again, the logo and I turned the logo 180 degrees, and it remains the same, so it must be 2 tigers. Sorry. I think that I need to go to an optician.
1383	Clariana	2013-04-03	This would deviate substantially from the books (unless Jeyne is carrying Robb's heir).  I don't think D&D would want to go that far away from the original source.  Having Talisa be a spy is actually a lot better for the show than for Jeyne to just be a lordlings daughter.  The people that only watch the show watch it from the perspective of today, not the perspective of someone in Westeros.  In Westeros what Robb did was a very bad thing, a king should not go back on his word.  That wouldn't translate well onto the screen.  A spy who works to undermine the North from within however translate splendidly.I agree, plus a spy is always disposable so...The other gentleman named below cannot be a spy, he would perhaps be a turncoat and a source of information, Deep Throat, if you will, but not a spy.
1384	scurvy	2013-04-03	I had a huge problem with them getting married in the Light of the Seven.  I was mad at the writers, producers, George's oversight, etc.  Now, it makes more sense.  She's Jeyne and her mother rolled into one, and a Lannister cousin to boot.  Only with dark hair... 
Great video.
1385	oakenhelm	2013-04-03	Someone from Volantis couldn't memorize a simple marriage vow?
She might be a plant, but I really hope not. I just makes it simple reductionism where every plan and scheme hatched by the bad guys works brilliantly and the heroes are hapless fools.
1386	teemo	2013-04-03	Elephant, tigers, what's the difference....Ran really think she's not a spy, she hasn't hinted at being a spy in the media/interviews, but there's still no 100% proof that she isn't.  Not to mention, if she is a spy, the last thing she'd do is hint at it in a magazine unless she wants to get in serious trouble.  Hell, why not act like it's the greatest love story ever told (it isn't).  But critics don't get any more than the first four episodes, so...I'm not sure any poster on here knows for a fact.  Also, you can't always trust stuff that cast and crew say in interviews.  The Walking Dead cast and crew had a big conference earlier in this past season where they talked about the future of their characters, and so much turned out to be total BS.  I personally don't think she is....even though I really, really want her to be.  The YouTube video is interesting and I have noticed the letter thing, even the first time it was aired...it seemed really obvious that they wanted viewers to realize she was writing a letter.  And then Arya steals a letter.  I thought it was odd and seemed purposeful.  And Talisa's little joke about how she's a spy to Robb and "oh yeah, I'm writing that 'the young wolf is on the move'" thing also seems suspicious to me.  There's a lot of nonsense in it though that can be explained by other things - such as Talisa just being nervous around her new crush's mother, and mostly just sloppy writing, like Ran said.  If the writers are really this clever I will be shocked......they don't really do mystery plots...
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 03 April 2013 - 02:06 PM.
1387	Clariana	2013-04-03	Someone from Volantis couldn't memorize a simple marriage vow?She might be a plant, but I really hope not. I just makes it simple reductionism where every plan and scheme hatched by the bad guys works brilliantly and the heroes are hapless fools.It might not have worked... Quite. She might have genuinely fallen for Robb.
1388	dubq	2013-04-03	Well Ran is hardly a random poster. You may not be aware of the fact seeing as your new but he does, ya know, run this website. And he's frequently in touch with the show runners.My bad! /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1389	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-03	Whatever she is, I just hope she is what she is for a reason. I don't necessarily think she's a spy, though I consider myself a part of the camp believing she'll replace the fake Arya portion of the story. If she dies at the RW in her current incarnation, I'd be pretty deflated. After all the time/energy spent on her, it would seem rather anticlimactic.
And, it looks like two tigers circling one another to me, as well.
1390	a shadow	2013-04-03	I consider myself a part of the camp believing she'll replace the fake Arya portion of the story /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
1391	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-03	/blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />Note I said replace fake Arya, not be fake Arya.
1392	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Someone from Volantis couldn't memorize a simple marriage vow?There is no problem with her being able to memorize a simple vow, but it is at the very least questionable writing since Robb doesn't worship the seven and it is unlikely someone from Volantis would either.
1393	a shadow	2013-04-03	Note I said replace fake Arya, not be fake Arya.How do you mean? No Northman should care for her as herself.
1394	Tadco26	2013-04-03	How do you mean? No Northman should care for her as herself.yeah it is hard to imagine that working.  
	Spoiler Nobody would believe that she was Arya, they are no where close to the same age, and a good portion of Robb's bannermen don't like her.  It doesn't make sense that they would accept a foreigner as the rightful heir to the north, even if she was briefly married to Robb.
The thread title should probably be edited since it isn't marked as spoiler and there are alot being discussed here.
1395	protar	2013-04-03	I'm kind of on the fence here. I think that at the very least it would salvage a boring character into someone interesting and if we take Talisa as a combination of all the Westerlings it wouldn't technically be any more of a deviation. The thing is I just don't know that D+D are clever or subtle enough to put those hints in. And even if they are I don't think they'd want to, because they've shown a complete aversion to subtleties (R.I.P Littlefinger) so far. So I don't know that all those "hints" in that video can necessarily be taken as such.
1396	protar	2013-04-03	yeah it is hard to imagine that working.  
	Spoiler Nobody would believe that she was Arya, they are no where close to the same age, and a good portion of Robb's bannermen don't like her.  It doesn't make sense that they would accept a foreigner as the rightful heir to the north, even if she was briefly married to Robb.
The thread title should probably be edited since it isn't marked as spoiler and there are alot being discussed here.For the record, the idea is
	Spoiler Not that they try to pass her off as Arya but that they use her position as Robb's widow to add some legitimacy to Ramsay's hold over Winterfell.
1397	a shadow	2013-04-03	yeah it is hard to imagine that working. The thread title should probably be edited since it isn't marked as spoiler and there are alot being discussed here.Edited.And while I am also doubtful of Talisa Bolton story working, I still like BoB having that idea.
1398	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-03	Talisa will reveal herself as Jeyne Westerling soon enough.
1399	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Even if she is a spy I don't think she will be named Jeyne Westerling.  If she really has a different name it would likely be Talisa (or Jeyne or some other name) Lannister just like Alton Lannister was used instead of Cleos Frey for Jaime's cousin's name.  Or she could be a spy/traitor who really is named Talisa Maegyr.  Or as likely is the case none of the above and the clues are all just sloppy writing and coincidence.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 03:15 PM.
1400	Tadco26	2013-04-03	For the record, the idea isNot that they try to pass her off as Arya but that they use her position as Robb's widow to add some legitimacy to Ramsay's hold over Winterfell. I get that, I just question how much Northerners many of whom don't like the fact that Robb married her (see Karstark's comment about Robb taking that "foreign bitch" with him to the Crag), would consider Talisa as in any way a legitimate heir to Winterfell.  If Jeyne Westerling was considered the heir to Winterfell in the books then wouldn't the Lannisters marry her off to Bolton instead of doing the fake Arya plotline?
1401	oakenhelm	2013-04-03	There is no problem with her being able to memorize a simple vow, but it is at the very least questionable writing since Robb doesn't worship the seven and it is unlikely someone from Volantis would either.Making it a simple matter of location and timing, no?Btw, I found the marriage very weak in the books so I can see why these things come up
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 03 April 2013 - 03:31 PM.
1402	Tadco26	2013-04-03	Well most people would not say wedding vows based around a religion they didn't believe in just because of location and timing.
1403	Arale	2013-04-03	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgI actually think a rotten severed foot would be a more fitting sigil. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />  Jokes aside, as others have said, this video was mind-blowing. In most of Talisa scenes last season I got a feeling she was acting in a nervous, awkward way...seeing all these awkward moments put together one after the other really gives credit to the spy theory...great job :-)
1404	oakenhelm	2013-04-03	Well most people would not say wedding vows based around a religion they didn't believe in just because of location and timing.People go to Vegas and find the nearest officiant. For whatever reason, Robb decides to marry her then and there so you find someone to perform the ceremonyI don't see how her wanting to be married by the Seven would make her less suspicious if she is supposed to be from Volantis
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 03 April 2013 - 04:01 PM.
1405	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	Well. I hate what they did with the Talisa thing... BUT... IF she is in fact a spy, better yet, a Lannister... I will be very happy and some faith will be restored in the adaptation. I can handle an amalgamation of a few related characters such as Jeyne and her mother... But some random sassy chick from Volantis... meh.  This thread has given me an itty bitty bit of hope.
1406	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-03	Well most people would not say wedding vows based around a religion they didn't believe in just because of location and timing.Well to be fair most people don't get married while on the march during a war...I doubt that Talisa is more than she appears mostly for the same reasons pointed out above.  DB&W have shown themselves to be hesitant on making plot decisions that may confuse a weekly audience.  A subtle planted spy that is not revealed until a following season does not seem to fit into their limited idea of what audiences can handle (not that I disagree completely, they are the experts and I know nothing of Show-running).
1407	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-03	I agree; the show's had a remarkable lack of subtlety. Everything's mostly surface level. If Ran says she's legit, that's sufficient for me -- esp. combined with GRRM's comments that Talisa is an entirely new character and that he's the one that suggested her Volantene name.
I don't think it adds anything to the story at all to make her a spy. It's convoluted for no good reason.
The tigers are a good touch though, a good connection to the Maegyr name. I was pretty pleased when I saw them on Sunday.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 03 April 2013 - 04:48 PM.
1408	int11	2013-04-03	That video reminded me of something Alex Jones would make.
The evidence is speculative, far fetched, inconsistent and sometimes factually wrong. It's a bad theory.
Could it be correct, though? I don't know, but I highly doubt it.
1409	Blutrabe	2013-04-03	I don't think Talisa is a spy, for the reasons Dragon of Valyria has stated above. Which is sad. If she was a spy, the writers would have my faith in them restored.
1410	scurvy	2013-04-03	The coolest thing about this video is the quick text when Roose Bolton leaves the tent.  had to rewind it to read it, but it blew my mind it was so cool.
1411	ArianneOfSunspear	2013-04-03	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgWOW thank you for sharing that!!! Mind Blown
1412	Maester Tormund	2013-04-03	The coolest thing about this video is the quick text when Roose Bolton leaves the tent.  had to rewind it to read it, but it blew my mind it was so cool.What do you mean?
1413	teemo	2013-04-04	What do you mean?The text very very quickly reads "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" as Roose exits the tent.
1414	Arya Stalka	2013-04-04	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgDay-ummm! Dat was good!
1415	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-04	That video reminded me of something Alex Jones would make.The evidence is speculative, far fetched, inconsistent and sometimes factually wrong. It's a bad theory.Could it be correct, though? I don't know, but I highly doubt it.Exactly. Benioff said in numerous interviews that it was the RW that convinced him that they had to make the show. There is no way they are going to so utterly ruin the integrity of it by making Talisa a spy.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 04 April 2013 - 01:32 AM.
1416	Clariana	2013-04-04	Exactly.Benioff said in numerous interviews that it was the RW that convinced him that they had to make the show. There is no way they are going to so utterly ruin the integrity of it by making Talisa a spy.Your post begs the question why would Talisa being a spy ruin the integrity of the RW?My assumption is that even if she is a spy she is disposable, will not be tipped off and will killed at the RW along with everyone else. Her family will be told her death was a mistake.  Much like Jeyne Westerling's family was told her brother's death at the RW was unintended.Cheers.
1417	zaphodbrx	2013-04-04	Your post begs the question why would Talisa being a spy ruin the integrity of the RW?My assumption is that even if she is a spy she is disposable, will not be tipped off and will killed at the RW along with everyone else. Her family will be told her death was a mistake.  Much like Jeyne Westerling's family was told her brother's death at the RW was unintended.Cheers.Because then it would be all about Robb being deceived by a conniving bitch instead of Freys breaking guest right.
1418	Blutrabe	2013-04-04	Because then it would be all about Robb being deceived by a conniving bitch instead of Freys breaking guest right.Why? The Freys breaking guest right is still what brings Robb down. It is Talisa's role to make the Freys willing to break the guest right.
1419	teemo	2013-04-04	Why? The Freys breaking guest right is still what brings Robb down. It is Talisa's role to make the Freys willing to break the guest right. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1420	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-04	Why? The Freys breaking guest right is still what brings Robb down. It is Talisa's role to make the Freys willing to break the guest right.No one's going to care about a bunch of Freys when there is is a character that everyone that knows that was a fellow betrayer.Implicating Talisa in the RW would be the worst thing they could possibly do. The RW must remain the fault of Tywin, Freys and Boltons. No one who reads the books emotionally blames House Westerling for Robb's demise. The emotional blame is on the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons, and it must (and will) remain as such.
1421	Clariana	2013-04-04	Why? The Freys breaking guest right is still what brings Robb down. It is Talisa's role to make the Freys willing to break the guest right.How come? Talisa is just a pawn, not a player. Her mission may simply to be inform on Robb's whereabouts, it is up to the players Tywin and Walder Frey to determine what action they should take.
1422	a shadow	2013-04-04	Edit: Nevermind /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Winter is too long for this.
					
					
							Edited by A Free Shadow, 04 April 2013 - 07:32 AM.
1423	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	I don't think Talisa is a spy, for the reasons Dragon of Valyria has stated above. Which is sad. If she was a spy, the writers would have my faith in them restored. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  I think if they really wanted to, they could make it where she was a pawn/spy who falls for him. It will still come down to guest right and Freys and Lannisters and Roose and if they kill her too, so much the better.
1424	Maester Tormund	2013-04-04	The text very very quickly reads "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" as Roose exits the tent.Ohhh I didn't catch this, at all. I guess I'll just take your word for it haha.No one's going to care about a bunch of Freys when there is is a character that everyone that knows that was a fellow betrayer.Implicating Talisa in the RW would be the worst thing they could possibly do. The RW must remain the fault of Tywin, Freys and Boltons. No one who reads the books emotionally blames House Westerling for Robb's demise. The emotional blame is on the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons, and it must (and will) remain as such.And it would still be the Frey's fault.  Talisa would be Tywin's pawn.All the Frey's know is Robb married some foreign girl instead of their sweet sister/cousin/aunt/daughter...All the Northmen know is Robb married some foreign girl and that pissed the Frey's off....All Talisa knows was that she was told by whoever was paying her to get close to Robb and to alert whoever is her superior to Robb's every move.  She never knew she would fall in love with him...Entering territory of extreme crackpottery.....When Gregor Clegane was delivered a message by a Maester with no chain ordering him to evacuate Harrenhal and slaughter all the Northern prisoners he did so without question.  He never questioned why the Maester stayed behind, a good dog assumes his master knows best...All Qyburn knew was that the former spy had stopped sending reports.  His responsibility was to find out why and to try and discover any dissension within the ranks.  When Robb Stark left the castle in the hands of a disgruntled bannerman Qyburn found the perfect opportunity to present his master's offer...And behind them all lies Tywin, looking to bring the Young Wolf down.He knew Talisa would make Robb fall for her and break his promise to the Freys.He knew the Freys would want revenge.He knew he could find a lord to assist him in his plots and then help to retake the North.This could add more tragedy to an already extremely tragic RW.  As men turn on each other Talisa screams out that shes one of them, Tywin sent her, not to kill her.  We find out that she was a spy the whole time shattering the series "perfect romance".  Then Roose Bolton slits her throat.  As a heartbroken Robb begins to turn to fight the Freys expecting his bannerman to watch his back a sword pokes out from between his ribs and Roose whispers in his ear"Jaime Lannister sends his regards."edit: I said heartbreak waaaaaaaaaaay to many times
					
					
							Edited by Maester Tormund, 04 April 2013 - 08:28 AM.
1425	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	snipThis. Please. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1426	Blutrabe	2013-04-04	No one's going to care about a bunch of Freys when there is is a character that everyone that knows that was a fellow betrayer.Implicating Talisa in the RW would be the worst thing they could possibly do. The RW must remain the fault of Tywin, Freys and Boltons. No one who reads the books emotionally blames House Westerling for Robb's demise. The emotional blame is on the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons, and it must (and will) remain as such.But the Freys still need a reason to betray Robb. It should be clear at the end that it was ALL Tywin's doing that led to Robb's fall.Btw, I agree that Roose is the most likely candidate for the spy.
1427	Clariana	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  I think if they really wanted to, they could make it where she was a pawn/spy who falls for him. It will still come down to guest right and Freys and Lannisters and Roose and if they kill her too, so much the better.This is how I see it.Ohhh I didn't catch this, at all. I guess I'll just take your word for it haha.And it would still be the Frey's fault.  Talisa would be Tywin's pawn.All the Frey's know is Robb married some foreign girl instead of their sweet sister/cousin/aunt/daughter...All the Northmen know is Robb married some foreign girl and that pissed the Frey's off....All Talisa knows was that she was told by whoever was paying her to get close to Robb and to alert whoever is her superior to Robb's every move.  She never knew she would fall in love with him...Entering territory of extreme crackpottery.....When Gregor Clegane was delivered a message by a Maester with no chain ordering him to evacuate Harrenhal and slaughter all the Northern prisoners he did so without question.  He never questioned why the Maester stayed behind, a good dog assumes his master knows best...All Qyburn knew was that the former spy had stopped sending reports.  His responsibility was to find out why and to try and discover any dissension within the ranks.  When Robb Stark left the castle in the hands of a disgruntled bannerman Qyburn found the perfect opportunity to present his master's offer...And behind them all lies Tywin, looking to bring the Young Wolf down.He knew Talisa would make Robb fall for her and break his promise to the Freys.He knew the Freys would want revenge.He knew he could find a lord to assist him in his plots and then help to retake the North.This could add more tragedy to an already extremely tragic RW.  As men turn on each other Talisa screams out that shes one of them, Tywin sent her, not to kill her.  We find out that she was a spy the whole time shattering the series "perfect romance".  Then Roose Bolton slits her throat.  As a heartbroken Robb begins to turn to fight the Freys expecting his bannerman to watch his back a sword pokes out from between his ribs and Roose whispers in his ear"Jaime Lannister sends his regards."edit: I said heartbreak waaaaaaaaaaay to many timesYou've filled in the details quite nicely. Yes, this is exactly as I see it panning out.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 04 April 2013 - 10:00 AM.
1428	Silverx2	2013-04-04	Your post begs the question why would Talisa being a spy ruin the integrity of the RW?Because the RW is all about choices robb made, and the consequences behind them. Why would the Freys sanction the murder of their king because he broke a vow, if the Vow he broke was marrying the spy they knew about.This would mean that the RW was the plan all along,  and not to have a Frey blood connection to the northern king, which does not make sense.
1429	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	Because the RW is all about choices robb made, and the consequences behind them. Why would the Freys sanction the murder of their king because he broke a vow, if the Vow he broke was marrying the spy they knew about.This would mean that the RW was the plan all along,  and not to have a Frey blood connection to the northern king, which does not make sense. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />This whole Talisa scenario would make the writers look very stupid.  If Tywin has a "spy" who is Robbs wife, then why doesn't she slit his throat in the middle of the night and slip out of camp (they are married confined to a tent together)?  What's the point of the RW?
1430	Maester Tormund	2013-04-04	Because the RW is all about choices robb made, and the consequences behind them. Why would the Freys sanction the murder of their king because he broke a vow, if the Vow he broke was marrying the spy they knew about.This would mean that the RW was the plan all along,  and not to have a Frey blood connection to the northern king, which does not make sense.If everyone knows about a spy then that's a pretty shitty spy.  If you were going to tell anyone a super secret why in the world would it be Walder Frey?  The only ones that know she is a spy are Tywin and, after he gets sucked into it all by allowing Jaime to keep going on towards King's Landing, Roose.  Tywin gives Roose one order about the RW; Make sure Talisa does not live.  While the Freys eliminate the Northmen, Roose makes sure that Talisa dies and anyone who hears her dies as well.  Coincidentally he kills Talisa and then kills Robb just as I mentioned above.  When Roose lets Jaime continue onto Riverrun this will be seen as a betrayal against Robb.  Remember TV Robb is furious with his mother for allowing Jaime to escape.  Everyone watching will be wondering "Why did Roose not keep Jaime?"Then during the RW he at first appears to be helping Robb out and saving him.  However as Robb turns away Roose kills him shocking all of the viewers and sending them into a deep depression that we all know as the "Post RW Feels".edit: spelling
					
					
							Edited by Maester Tormund, 04 April 2013 - 10:17 AM.
1431	Maester Tormund	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />This whole Talisa scenario would make the writers look very stupid.  If Tywin has a "spy" who is Robbs wife, then why doesn't she slit his throat in the middle of the night and slip out of camp (they are married confined to a tent together)?  What's the point of the RW?Because then its clear Tywin did it.  By using the Freys to kill Robb and break the North then the blame can't be put onto Tywin, only onto Walder Frey and Roose Bolton.
1432	Tadco26	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />This whole Talisa scenario would make the writers look very stupid.  If Tywin has a "spy" who is Robbs wife, then why doesn't she slit his throat in the middle of the night and slip out of camp (they are married confined to a tent together)?  What's the point of the RW?They don't JUST kill Robb at the Red Wedding.  They take out the majority of the Stark army and all of his most loyal bannermen, along with his mother and capturing Edmure. Besides the writers do things that make them look stupid all the time.  See Sam surrounded by an army of White Walkers and living, or Dany begging to be let in Qarth because they will starve to death and then threatening to come back when her dragons are grown and burn the city down when she is refused entry (pretty hard to do if you starve to death).If the theory were true (which I don't really have much faith in the writers to expect at this point), obviously they wouldn't tell Walder Frey before hand.  They wouldn't even necessarily tell Bolton.In the books my impression was that Roose didn't necessarily decide to betray Robb until after his wedding to Jeyne and the loss of the Karstarks and so many other allies, along with the loss of Winterfell to Theon.  If those things had not happened there is a reasonable chance that Bolton never betrays him, because the Starks would have had a reasonable chance of winning and Bolton just wanted to be with the winner.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 04 April 2013 - 11:14 AM.
1433	a shadow	2013-04-04	Because the RW is all about choices robb made, and the consequences behind them. Why would the Freys sanction the murder of their king because he broke a vow, if the Vow he broke was marrying the spy they knew about.This would mean that the RW was the plan all along,  and not to have a Frey blood connection to the northern king, which does not make sense.So you think you can dance Tywin shared his deception with Freys? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />And in any case, Robb made his choices all by himself.If everyone knows about a spy then that's a pretty shitty spy.  If you were going to tell anyone a super secret why in the world would it be Walder Frey?  The only ones that know she is a spy are Tywin and, after he gets sucked into it all by allowing Jaime to keep going on towards King's Landing, Roose.  Just reiterating.
1434	Clariana	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />This whole Talisa scenario would make the writers look very stupid.  If Tywin has a "spy" who is Robbs wife, then why doesn't she slit his throat in the middle of the night and slip out of camp (they are married confined to a tent together)?  What's the point of the RW?Sheesh... Because she's a spy, now more than likely out of her depth and not an assassin!Have you guys never seen a half decent spy movie?PS I mean Le CarrA©, James Bond doesn't count...
1435	Maester Tormund	2013-04-04	In the books my impression was that Roose didn't necessarily decide to betray Robb until after his wedding to Jeyne and the loss of the Karstarks and so many other allies, along with the loss of Winterfell to Theon.  If those things had not happened there is a reasonable chance that Bolton never betrays him, because the Starks would have had a reasonable chance of winning and Bolton just wanted to be with the winner.I agree, but I also think he saw an advantage that could be gained.  On the wiki (I know not the most reliable) it lists Bolton as the only "Great House" in the North.  With Robb becoming King in the North, House Bolton would clearly be the second most poweful house in the North.  However if House Stark was eliminated and they needed a new Lord of the North then House Bolton would be the clear choice.Follow Robb, second place.Follow Tywin, first place.
1436	Silverx2	2013-04-04	In the books my impression was that Roose didn't necessarily decide to betray Robb until after his wedding to Jeyne and the loss of the Karstarks and so many other allies, along with the loss of Winterfell to Theon.  If those things had not happened there is a reasonable chance that Bolton never betrays him, because the Starks would have had a reasonable chance of winning and Bolton just wanted to be with the winner.Roose seemed to go out of his way to sabotage Robb.Everything Robb entrusted to roose failed. Retaking winterfel? Here ill send my son who will destroy it and kill everyone inside. Roose i want you and not Umber to lead my vangaurd, The vanguard gets wiped out, roose later sacrifices the rest to the mountain at the river. Roose hold harrenhal for me. Oh hey jamie lanister, listen sorry about the hand , p.s. you were never here wink wink.Roose left a trail of deceit and feigned ineptitude
1437	Maester Ruin	2013-04-04	First of all i dont get all the hating on the writers and complaints about "Lack of sublety". If you look closely you find lots of subtle little details both in the dialogue and cinematography. For example, when Tyrion enters the small council for the first time and talks about his journey, and after he mentions sleeping in a skycell and fithting with hilltribes he sarcasticly remarks "So much to be thankful for", while giving littlefinger a look that basicly says "Thank you for blaming me for that assasination attempt you douchebag", wich completley freezes littlefinger with a look on his face that basicly says "this is not good...".I believe i watched that scene 3 or 4 times before i even noticed it. I call that pretty damn good subtle writing.They do a similiar thing with those characters again in the next episode, when Tyrion wants littlefinger to arrange the fake betrothal between Myrcella and sweetrobin, Littlefinger points out what Lysa did to tyrion, to wich tyrion replies "True, but for men in our position, holding grudges can be a dangerous thing, wouldnt you agree?" wich is basicly is another way of saying "I know that you told Catelyn Stark that the dagger used in the assasination attempt on her son was mine, and since im hand of the king i could have your head on a spike if i wanted to so you better do as i tell you"I call that pretty damn good subtle writing. Just look at pretty much any scene between Littlefinger and Varys, the verbal mindgames are beautifully written and theyre not in the books, its something the writers added that brought the series to levels of amazing television.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 04 April 2013 - 12:18 PM.
1438	Maester Ruin	2013-04-04	I like the westerling - talisa change. With Jeyne Westerling, i always felt that the "love" between them was something that just happened from nowhere, wich made it cool in a way because you didnt see it coming, but it was a pretty dull love story and there wasnt much substance there beyond the "forbidden love" context. With Talisa on the other hand i can totally see why Robb fell for her, she is everything he is longing for. He was raised to inherit the responsibilities of a high lord of westeros, and thus very much "stuck in the system", even if it has its benefits to be a wealthy lord with a great castle, Robb has been forced to witness and live through all the bad aspects of the feudal system.
Being forced, while still percieved by most as "just a boy", to read the news of your father becoming the victim of a political conspiracy and later beheaded by a ruthless king who has your two sisters, to have to call in your bannermen and lead them into a war against the most powerful family in westeros, and prove to your bannermen (and yourself) that you are worthy of your title and not just a boy who wants to play at war.
In Talisa Robb sees something innocent, someone who comes from another place with another social structure, but with to good of a heart to allow herself to live surrounded by slaves, someone who gave up a noble life and dedicated her life to traveling around and helping wounded strangers.
Robb has clear reasons to dislike "the game", and since Talisa comes from a culture where none of that exists and she has no interest in becoming a part of it, its very natural that he is attracted to her.
its pretty easy to see why Robb finds comfort and "shelter" in Talisa. Because she is not from westeros, she does not have a lord father whom you will be forced to exchange political favors with. I think she sort of allows his mind to escape from westeros and the turmoil he lives in.
1439	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	Because then its clear Tywin did it.  By using the Freys to kill Robb and break the North then the blame can't be put onto Tywin, only onto Walder Frey and Roose Bolton.The only way to connect Tywin is his comment to Tyrion (some wars are won w/ quills paraphrasing) and then his celebration at "his" victory after the RW, not to mention him not giving the Freys what they want as recompense after, he played them.  I would imagine these moments will be in the show as well...Sheesh... Because she's a spy, now more than likely out of her depth and not an assassin!Have you guys never seen a half decent spy movie?PS I mean Le CarrA©, James Bond doesn't count...Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy...  probably one of the most realistic spy movies made. If your theory is correct, then she is a sex assasin/spy.  Trained in the art of wooing the king whilst performing surgery...  and extremely unlikely.First of all i dont get all the hating on the writers and complaints about "Lack of sublety". If you look closely you find lots of subtle little details both in the dialogue and cinematography. For example, when Tyrion enters the small council for the first time and talks about his journey, and after he mentions sleeping in a skycell and fithting with hilltribes he sarcasticly remarks "So much to be thankful for", while giving littlefinger a look that basicly says "Thank you for blaming me for that assasination attempt you douchebag", wich completley freezes littlefinger with a look on his face that basicly says "this is not good...".I believe i watched that scene 3 or 4 times before i even noticed it. I call that pretty damn good subtle writing.They do a similiar thing with those characters again in the next episode, when Tyrion wants littlefinger to arrange the fake betrothal between Myrcella and sweetrobin, Littlefinger points out what Lysa did to tyrion, to wich tyrion replies "True, but for men in our position, holding grudges can be a dangerous thing, wouldnt you agree?" wich is basicly is another way of saying "I know that you told Catelyn Stark that the dagger used in the assasination attempt on her son was mine, and since im hand of the king i could have your head on a spike if i wanted to so you better do as i tell you"I call that pretty damn good subtle writing. Just look at pretty much any scene between Littlefinger and Varys, the verbal mindgames are beautifully written and theyre not in the books, its something the writers added that brought the series to levels of amazing television.There's a pretty big difference between some reaction shots, and a "spy" plotline that spans two seasons, without much payoff.  What you are describing is "subtle acting" not writing.
1440	Tadco26	2013-04-04	Roose seemed to go out of his way to sabotage Robb.Everything Robb entrusted to roose failed. Retaking winterfel? Here ill send my son who will destroy it and kill everyone inside. Roose i want you and not Umber to lead my vangaurd, The vanguard gets wiped out, roose later sacrifices the rest to the mountain at the river. Roose hold harrenhal for me. Oh hey jamie lanister, listen sorry about the hand , p.s. you were never here wink wink.Roose left a trail of deceit and feigned ineptitudeKeep in mind that the Sacking of WInterfell happened AFTER Robb married Jeyne.  Roose was given an unwinnable fight in the east, which is why Robb picked him over Umber.  He knew that Bolton would be the only one between Lord Tywin and Winterfell.  He also knew Bolton was cunning and cautious and wouldn't commit recklessly to battle where they were vastly outnumbered.  They were a distraction and defensive force, while Robb's horse raided the west, they posed a big enough threat that the Lannisters couldn't send everyone west.Although Lord Tywin achieves a tactical victory in the Battle of the Green Fork with a much larger army, Bolton stalls the Lannister army long enough to allow Robb the chance to fall upon Jaime's force unmolested in the Battle of the Whispering Wood capturing him.  Most of Roose's army is able to retreat and regroup at Moat Cailin.  Later, in an effort to limit Tywin's options, who marched from Harrenhal in an attempt to meet Robb Stark in the Westerlands, Edmure commands Roose to join up with Ser Helman Tallhart coming down from the Twins and to retake Harrenhal.Arya has already freed the prisoners and Hoat switches sides before Bolton arrives.  It is during his time at Harrenhal that Robb marries Jeyne, and Arya hears Ser Haigh and Ser Hosteen telling Bolton that the war is lost and that King Robb must be made to see that.  But I don't actually think he was consiidering betraying Robb until after the Battle of Blackwater at the earliest.  At that point:A) Lannisters and Tyrells were alliedB ) Stannis and Renly were no longer a threat to the Lannisters so they could focus all their attention on the Starks.C) Robb had broken his oath to the FreysD) Theon had taken Winterfell and the Ironmen controlled Moat Cailin.E) Jaime had fallen into his custody and the option of freeing him was a huge bargaining chip as an act of faith.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 04 April 2013 - 04:09 PM.
1441	Clariana	2013-04-04	Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy...  probably one of the most realistic spy movies made.If your theory is correct, then she is a sex assasin/spy.  Trained in the art of wooing the king whilst performing surgery...  and extremely unlikely.Oh dear, I said to lay off the JB... How many sex assassin spys did you find in Tinker, Tailor...No. She's more a dupe, a distant relative of the Lannisters who wants to treat wounded soldiers and while she's about it, has been gently asked to keep an eye on the Young Wolf and report back. Then he notices her ... More like Nan Perry say, from "The Spy who came in from the cold", than Ivana Onthetopp...
1442	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	Oh dear, I said to lay off the JB... How many sex assassin spys did you find in Tinker, Tailor...No. She's more a dupe, a distant relative of the Lannisters who wants to treat wounded soldiers and while she's about it, has been gently asked to keep an eye on the Young Wolf and report back. Then he notices her ... More like Nan Perry say, from "The Spy who came in from the cold", than Ivana Onthetopp...Well it's a beautiful fairy tale...  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1443	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgI like it. I like it a lot.
1444	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	I don't think she lied about her past, why should she?
There's every reason for a young healer with no alliances to sell information. how else has she been getting supplies?
Perhaps asking Rob about getting supplies was her way of offering to switch sides.
I also don't think she'll be at the RW. Jeyne wasn't. and there's still a slim chance that maybe Jeyne was pregnant? maybe.
It would make sense for her to stay at riverrun and tend the wounded of the riverlands.
1445	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	I seriously doubt that Robb would bring Talisa to the Twins for Edmure/Roslin wedding anyways, it didn't make sense for the books and it wouldn't make sense for TV. I think if Walder Frey was seen being courteous to Talisa and Robb's breaking of his vow TV viewers would grow suspicious and assume something is going to go bad. 
Or maybe they will just do it anyways. I'm so excited for these next 9 weeks /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1446	-Ghost-	2013-04-04	I seriously doubt that Robb would bring Talisa to the Twins for Edmure/Roslin wedding anyways, it didn't make sense for the books and it wouldn't make sense for TV. I think if Walder Frey was seen being courteous to Talisa and Robb's breaking of his vow TV viewers would grow suspicious and assume something is going to go bad. Or maybe they will just do it anyways. I'm so excited for these next 9 weeks /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />She is at the RW. You can see her in the trailers.
1447	-Ghost-	2013-04-04	This theory is freakin crazy, lol! I just saw the link on WiC and like many have said, mind blown. It kinda makes sense for her to actually be a spy. I really don't know what to believe though, especially if Ran says no.
1448	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	She is at the RW. You can see her in the trailers.If that is so then my stance on her being a spy is solidified.
1449	ebevan91	2013-04-04	If that is so then my stance on her being a spy is solidified.That look she has in the trailer is an "i know what's about to happen" look.That or someone is talking to her and she's just listening.Or maybe she's just thinking how awkward it is watching the woman Robb was betrothed to get married to someone else.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 04 April 2013 - 07:23 PM.
1450	Caryn Stark	2013-04-04	In Talisa Robb sees something innocent,Um... How is Talisa 'innocent?' I mean she sleeps with him after not knowing him that long, in a society with betrothals and arranged marriages, knowing he is honor bound to someone else. Comes into his tent late at night. Wearing no small clothes. Then jumps on top in a middle aged society. No way I buy she was a virgin. He may have been 'innocent' up until that point, but not her. Jeyne was the innocent girl he found solace in after learning of the 'deaths' of his younger brothers and heirs. Talisa is just 'that foreign b***'.
1451	gregorio	2013-04-05	The Roose Change video is silly.
The ability to recite simple wedding vows, Talisa's lack of small clothes, and no accent do not constitute evidence that she's a spy. The only real evidence this video presented was the letter, which everyone noticed (whether a dedicated book reader or one time accidental viewer). The letter and talk of being a spy was so blatant I thought it was either a red herring, covering up for the real spy, or a playful shout out to the readers similar to Cersei's remark on Tyrion's nose - or both. I admit the business about her father being the dismissed Lannister is interesting, but I don't like it because it's way too subtle. The rest is a classic case of the conspiracy theorist trying to tailor the "evidence" to his or her hypothesis. I mean, I'm just as impressed that Robb was able to perfectly recite his wedding vows. I don't imagine he stayed up long hours practicing them with Maester Luwin as a boy. Regardles of culture, isn't this the type of thing we nail down right before the wedding? Have we seen anyone in small clothes in this series? Doesn't HBO just want to fill the nudity quota here?
And I agree with those who said that Talisa as a spy would damage the RW storyline. The villains are the Boltons, the Freys, and Tywin - not an invented character. The outrage is the Frey's breaking guest right and their depravity - not a false wife. Many of us may be able to keep it all in perspective with the benefit of book knowledge, but for the average TV-only viewer, when they think of the RW, if it plays out according to this theory, they will think of it largely in terms of Talisa's betrayal, because they bought into this love story, and her character was built up over two seasons, whereas the Boltons and Freys were not. I believe that is incredibly problematic for the integrity of the RW and the story moving forward. It might be cool that Talisa is a spy, but is it worth the risk that the betrayal of the wife usurps the betrayal of the bannermen in the minds of the TV viewers?
I prefered the Westerling story like most, but the Westerling story and Talisa=spy story share a fundamental weakness (which the show's writers might be responding to in simplying it). Their plots are too eleaborate and rely on the stars lining up perfectly - something that rarely happens in the real world. In this case, Robb has to fall for the girl, marry her, the Freys and Boltons both have to side with Tywin down the road AND the Freys can't know Talisa was really a spy because then Tywin shares significant blame in Robb's betrayal, etc. "The best laid plans of mice and men..." It's more realistic that Robb blunders and Tywin seizes the opportunity, rather than that Lord Tywin plays matchmaker and places the fate of his campaign in the hands of this young woman.
1452	ThePrinceOfSunspear	2013-04-05	Interesting video.....but at this point I'm simply pretending like this character doesn't exist at all. Her scenes have been laughable at best and the storyline is even worse than what truly happens in the novels.
1453	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	Um... How is Talisa 'innocent?' I mean she sleeps with him after not knowing him that long, in a society with betrothals and arranged marriages, knowing he is honor bound to someone else. Comes into his tent late at night. Wearing no small clothes. Then jumps on top in a middle aged society. No way I buy she was a virgin. He may have been 'innocent' up until that point, but not her. Jeyne was the innocent girl he found solace in after learning of the 'deaths' of his younger brothers and heirs. Talisa is just 'that foreign b***'.I didnt mean innocent in a sexual context, i meant in a social context. Talisa is not the daughter of a westeros lord, she has never been forced to act as a part in the high lords games, she is just a very sweet person without blood on her hands who dedicated her life to helping woulded people. Thats pretty innocent compared to most people in westeros, and i think thats why Robb finds her attractive, because she does not remind him of any of the painful duties that he has been forced to carry as heir to winterfell. She comes from a place where none of that exists, and her personality reflects that.
1454	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-05	If Talisa is who she says she is, then all the points made by the video are just artifacts of poor, lazy writing. So I think she's just who she says she is.
One thing I've always wondered about is why a highborn girl from Volantis, even one who's forsworn her family and status, wants to be a medic in Westeros. I mean it is not like there isn't enough bloodshed in Essos that she's to travel all the way across to a foreign land. Even if that can be explained away with her wanting to sever all ties to her past or something, I find it highly unbelievable that no one in the Northern camp would bother to ask these questions, considering her close association with the King. I think she's just an afterthought from the writers after they decide S2 had to be the "season of love"
1455	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	If Talisa is who she says she is, then all the points made by the video are just artifacts of poor, lazy writing. So I think she's just who she says she is.One thing I've always wondered about is why a highborn girl from Volantis, even one who's forsworn her family and status, wants to be a medic in Westeros. I mean it is not like there isn't enough bloodshed in Essos that she's to travel all the way across to a foreign land. Even if that can be explained away with her wanting to sever all ties to her past or something, I find it highly unbelievable that no one in the Northern camp would bother to ask these questions, considering her close association with the King. I think she's just an afterthought from the writers after they decide S2 had to be the "season of love"She said she left Volantis because she didnt want to live in a slave city ever again, AFAIK every city in Essos employs slavery except Qarth
1456	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-05	She said she left Volantis because she didnt want to live in a slave city ever again, AFAIK every city in Essos employs slavery except QarthBraavos and Pentos don't employ slavery.Edit: And Qarth do, I think. And Pentos "don't" legally but some, like Illyrio, do because they can.
					
					
							Edited by TomBadgerlock, 05 April 2013 - 06:16 AM.
1457	Clariana	2013-04-05	Just occurred to me that Talisa being a spy would make a nice contrast with Jon Snow, who currently is doing exactly the same.
1458	Tadco26	2013-04-05	If Talisa is who she says she is, then all the points made by the video are just artifacts of poor, lazy writing. So I think she's just who she says she is.One thing I've always wondered about is why a highborn girl from Volantis, even one who's forsworn her family and status, wants to be a medic in Westeros. I mean it is not like there isn't enough bloodshed in Essos that she's to travel all the way across to a foreign land. Even if that can be explained away with her wanting to sever all ties to her past or something, I find it highly unbelievable that no one in the Northern camp would bother to ask these questions, considering her close association with the King. I think she's just an afterthought from the writers after they decide S2 had to be the "season of love"If we want to talk "realism" how is an attractive woman like that traveling alone thru war zones and not getting raped on a regular basis, or even killed?  Especially when she has a habbit of talking back to kings who she has no idea at the time of how they might respond.  We can take a good guess on how the Mountain, Goat, and Bolton would have responded if she talked back the way she does to Robb when they first meet, and it wouldn't have been the start of a love story.
1459	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-05	If we want to talk "realism" how is an attractive woman like that traveling alone thru war zones and not getting raped on a regular basis, /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1460	Tadco26	2013-04-05	I'm not even sure what that response means. It's very clear how dangerous it is travel thru the Riverlands even for armed men. See Arya's travels, Brienne's travels, what happens to Pia at Harrenhal when the Mountain controls it, the story of what the Mountain did to the inn keeper's daughter, and the fact that Tywin specifically sent his men out with the purpose of raping and pillaging the surrounding lands to try and provoke Edmure and Robb into attacking Harrenhal. Talisa hasn't been shown to be traveling with any companions or guards, so how did she get there and manage to stay alive, especially when she has a habbit of talking back to men in power?
1461	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-05	Well, you make an interesting point Tadco26. 
Can't we all just agree that the TV character makes no sense, and that if this spy story is true it only serves to make the character worse?  LOL.  (I know we can't j/k)
1462	Silverx2	2013-04-05	It probably has something to do with the fact that she has numerous sharp objects such as a bone saw, and she knows how to fucking using them.
People tend to not fuck with the medical staff that keeps them and their friends alive after a battle.
1463	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-05	I'm not even sure what that response means.http://seanan-mcguir...com/470626.html
1464	Buckwheat	2013-04-05	It probably has something to do with the fact that she has numerous sharp objects such as a bone saw, and she knows how to fucking using them.People tend to not fuck with the medical staff that keeps them and their friends alive after a battle.Yeah, but they have no means of knowing she is medical staff if she does not look like one. She looks like a lady travelling alone.http://seanan-mcguir...com/470626.htmlI can understand that the creators might not want to show a character raped or anything. But this does not refute the point that Talisa's character is unrealistic.
1465	Capt Banjo	2013-04-05	If she is a spy, she is the most epic spy ever written and it is completely unbelievable. She made her subject fall in her love and break a marraige vow. Oh and he just happens to be a guarded king at war with an army. It's ROOOOOOOSE, she is going down at the RW with everyone else.
1466	Seed	2013-04-05	Someone from Volantis couldn't memorize a simple marriage vow?She might be a plant, but I really hope not. I just makes it simple reductionism where every plan and scheme hatched by the bad guys works brilliantly and the heroes are hapless fools.You think that doesn't happen in real life?  See: 9/11
1467	Tadco26	2013-04-05	http://seanan-mcguir...com/470626.htmlMy point wasn't that I expected them to show Talisa getting raped.  My point was that they should have given her an armed escort or made her less confrontational to men in power or something to suggest why it would be safe for an attractive woman with no apparent martial prowess could wander around battlefields unmolested and be confrontational with men in power if their primary concern was stories that made sense and were "believable".  Besides the author you linked isn't GRRM, who pretty clearly doesn't have the same opinion when it comes to writing about the subject.  At the beginning of her quest to find Sansa, Brienne comes across a band of silent sisters, she asks them if they have seen her sister, but they shake their heads.  Later Brienne, Ser Illifer and Ser Longbough come across some poor fellows marching to King's Landing. The poor fellows tell them that even silent sisters have been molested.  Ser Crayton remarks that a man would need to be a fool to rape a silent sister, even to lay hands upon one.  So I don't think they would leave Talisa alone just because she is a nurse (there is no way they would know that anyway other than her telling them).The point of listing that example in the first place is that there are plenty of things in the show which are not believeable.  So I don't think how believeable something is increases or decreases the chances of the writers making the choice to include it.
1468	Silverx2	2013-04-05	Yeah, but they have no means of knowing she is medical staff if she does not look like one. She looks like a lady travelling alone.I can understand that the creators might not want to show a character raped or anything. But this does not refute the point that Talisa's character is unrealistic.She looks like someone covered in blood holding a bone saw.And while we are on the subject, people talk about some letter she is writing, A common thing for field medics is to keep track of injuries, I suspect what she is writing is actually information about the people she has tended to. "3 Northerners lost feet today"With regards to her traveling alone, just because you have not seen her with anyone does not mean that she was not accompanying another lord in the beginning, because again a common thing to do when you are going to war, is to bring someone who can fix up your people after the fighting..
1469	Tadco26	2013-04-05	She looks like someone covered in blood holding a bone saw.That's not how she appeared in every scene or even most scenes. I'm guessing she didn't travel covered in blood holding a bone saw.And while we are on the subject, people talk about some letter she is writing, A common thing for field medics is to keep track of injuries, I suspect what she is writing is actually information about the people she has tended to. "3 Northerners lost feet today"Certainly there are a number of possible explanations of what she could have been writing. Writing a letter doesn't prove nor disprove anything.With regards to her traveling alone, just because you have not seen her with anyone does not mean that she was not accompanying another lord in the beginning, because again a common thing to do when you are going to war, is to bring someone who can fix up your people after the fighting..We can speculate that to be a possibility, though there is nothing to support it. I would think she would mention if she was traveling with another lord, particularly when Robb asks her what her last name is and she replies "You want to know what side my family fights for?". Certainly it would be common for a lord to have someone to treat their wounded, but much less common for a lord to bring someone to treat their enemies wounded, which is what many of Robb's men complained about.
1470	teemo	2013-04-05	so the RW really is going to be this season?
1471	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	so the RW really is going to be this season?Yes, in Episode 9. This Season is based on the first half of a storm of swords (Steel and Snow), and the next season the latter half (Blood and Gold).
1472	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-05	She looks like someone covered in blood holding a bone saw.And while we are on the subject, people talk about some letter she is writing, A common thing for field medics is to keep track of injuries, I suspect what she is writing is actually information about the people she has tended to. "3 Northerners lost feet today"With regards to her traveling alone, just because you have not seen her with anyone does not mean that she was not accompanying another lord in the beginning, because again a common thing to do when you are going to war, is to bring someone who can fix up your people after the fighting..What, so she can bill their HMO's, or in case she gets sued for malpractice?She totes a spy, dawg.
1473	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	We can speculate that to be a possibility, though there is nothing to support it. I would think she would mention if she was traveling with another lord, particularly when Robb asks her what her last name is and she replies "You want to know what side my family fights for?". Certainly it would be common for a lord to have someone to treat their wounded, but much less common for a lord to bring someone to treat their enemies wounded, which is what many of Robb's men complained about.There is nothing that supports that she traveled there totally alone either since they havent talked about it on the show. there is no reason to speculate, and its such a minor, nitpick-detail that i doubt the writers even thought about it.The concept that she is a spy involved in the RW scheme is even less realistic than the idea that she managed to travel to the riverlands alone. There is no way that the Lannisters/Bolton would concieve a plan that totaly relies on Robb falling in love with Talisa. What if he never noticed her? or got upset when she treated the lannister soldiers, or when she talked back to him? What if he falls for her but still decides that he must keep his oath and marry the frey girl? neither Roose or Tywin really know Robb well enough to predict how he would react to such things, hence they could not have created this Puppet that is tailored so perfectly that Robb is guaranteed to fall in love with her.And a Lannister spy would not pose as a medic who treats Lannister soldiers right in front of the northern bannermen, that alone is enough to raise suspicion or at least attention, and attention is something you dont want as a spy.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 05 April 2013 - 06:26 PM.
1474	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	On the contrary, Robb Stark seemed to try to emulate his father and based all his decisions on what Ned Would have done (wich is to always do the most honorable thing), until he married Talisa. This was fairly obvious to the bannermen around him, especially to Roose since Robb refered to what Ned would have done or what he taught him several times when Roose was trying to give him advice. So its highly unlikely that Roose and Tywin expected him to suddenly do a 180 turn and break his promise with Walder Frey (Ned would never, ever betray such an oath, wich Catelyn tries to point out), and even more unlikely that they conducted a plan that relied on this.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 05 April 2013 - 06:23 PM.
1475	Shaula Black	2013-04-05	On the contrary, Robb Stark seemed to try to emulate his father and based all his decisions on what Ned Would have done (wich is to always do the most honorable thing), until he married Talisa. This was fairly obvious to the bannermen around him, especially to Roose since Robb refered to what Ned would have done or what he taught him several times when Roose was trying to give him advice. So its highly unlikely that Roose and Tywin expected him to suddenly do a 180 turn and break his promise with Walder Frey (Ned would never, ever betray such an oath, wich Catelyn tries to point out), and even more unlikely that they conducted a plan that relied on this.That's a good point. The only explanation I can find for this is that Lord Tywin had nothing to loose with this plan, if it didn't work.
1476	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-05	She didn't always need to have been a plant with the idea she would seduce and marry Robb.
She could have originally been a Lannister medic, and reporting troop movements to boot, then once she met Robb, fired off the letter saying "hey I met Robb and he digs the way my junk move when I amputate, what I do now?"
Plus, even though as medic she should be perfectly capable of offing Robb in his sleep, that's not the plan.  The plan is to lure the ENTIRE NORTHERN ARMY to it's doom.
					
					
							Edited by No Avatar- that movie suck, 05 April 2013 - 06:59 PM.
1477	Maester Tormund	2013-04-05	There is nothing that supports that she traveled there totally alone either since they havent talked about it on the show. there is no reason to speculate, and its such a minor, nitpick-detail that i doubt the writers even thought about it.Has she ever been seen talking to ANYONE other than Robb?  Does anyone know who she is until she just happens to be there right in front of Robb?The concept that she is a spy involved in the RW scheme is even less realistic than the idea that she managed to travel to the riverlands alone. There is no way that the Lannisters/Bolton would concieve a plan that totaly relies on Robb falling in love with Talisa.Except they alluded to the fact that they WERE working on this plan.  See Tywin "he will not fail without our help"What if he never noticed her? or got upset when she treated the lannister soldiers, or when she talked back to him? What if he falls for her but still decides that he must keep his oath and marry the frey girl? neither Roose or Tywin really know Robb well enough to predict how he would react to such things, hence they could not have created this Puppet that is tailored so perfectly that Robb is guaranteed to fall in love with her.First: Robb might be a king, buts he a very young king.  This girl comes into his tent alone in the middle of the night is he reeeaaaalllly gonna say no?  Probably not.  Second: In the show Roose is Robb's right hand man so he knows him pretty well.  Third: Her primary objective would not be to make Robb fall for him.  That might not even be her job.  She might think her job was just to get close enough to Robb to be a confidant.  She thinks she makes a mistake by falling in love with Robb, while really this was even better for Tywin.  Tywin takes a pretty girl, says get close to him to find out secrets report back.  Its a win-win situation.  She gets close enough that she can find out Robb's plans (The Young Wolf is on the move) or she gets close enough that she makes a move and they fall in love giving Tywin ammunition to bring him down.  I don't know about anyone else but Oona Chaplin comes into my tent I'm only really gonna be thinking of one thing.And a Lannister spy would not pose as a medic who treats Lannister soldiers right in front of the northern bannermen, that alone is enough to raise suspicion or at least attention, and attention is something you dont want as a spy.Soooo she wants to pose as a compassionate medic then she should only help Northmen right?  Because it would make sense for a woman from Essos who supposedly came to help the wounded to ONLY help the wounded from one army?  The biggest question one must ask themselves is, why?Why did they change the character?  They wanted to blend all the Esterlings?  They wanted to add some Essos flavor to it all?  They just really wanted to use Oona Chaplin so they made a character for her?  Why is she at the Red Wedding at all? Why why why why why?Why do I think these changes were made?  The Red Wedding in my opinion is one of the most shocking moments in the series.  No one could see it coming.  Of course when you go back and reread you see the hints everywhere and feel like an idiot for not reading it.  Hell when Greywind was acting all jumpy I thought something bad might happen but I NEVER would have imagined what I was going to read in a few more pages.  D&D know that while the show has a wide audience the core of its fanbase lies in the book readers.  Since all the book readers know what's going to happen at the RW it really wouldn't be that shocking for us, it would really just be some incredibly gruesome eye candy.  The show runners want to do such an infamous scene justice, but they want to add their own touch as well.  Their touch is Talisa.Talisa becomes the shock factor for the book readers.  While we know that when Robb and Catelyn step foot into The Twins they will never leave the same we don't know (well we have theories) that neither will Talisa.  When the tables turn (literally) and The Rains of Castamere begin to play we won't be shocked.  At first.  But as I mentioned in my theory before when Talisa begs for her life and explains that she is a Lannister spy and we see the heartbreak play out on Richard Madden's face we'll almost be happy when we see Roose slit her lying throat.  But then everyone of us will scream at our televisions as Robb turns his back on Roose, thinking that he has an ally at his back who will fight to the bitter end with him.
1478	int11	2013-04-05	Does anyone have a link to the video where Talisa is supposed to be shown at the RW?
1479	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	Tormund: stop talking about this theory as if it was already a fact. the "hes not going to fail wiithout our help" is just another way of saying "He wont lose a battle unless we defeat him" lol, dont read too much into it. Do you remember how Tywin mockingly dismisses all Spy reports in the same scene? that kinda contradicts the Talisa theory doesnt it? if Tywin had a spy who got information directly from Robb he would probably take it seriously.
yes, roose knows Robb pretty well, but he knows him as a boy who tries to follow Neds path and "always do the right thing", so it would be contradictary to predict him to break his oath to walder frey.
i think they just wanted to "expand" the world by introducing a character from volantis. I also think they wanted to introduce the character and establish the romance earlier, and since Robb doesnt invade the Westerlands in the second season they couldnt do the westerlings story, so when creating the character they took the chance to introduce the viewers to Volantis and the other slave citys (Talisas childhood story) as a foreshadow to Dannys story in s3
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 05 April 2013 - 08:55 PM.
1480	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-05	Maester Ruin : he DOES invade the Westerlands in season 2. In fact, he invades the Westerling's book castle.  
"Not going to fail without our help" implies beating him by some means other than on the battlefield.
If "without our help" means beating him in battle, the converse of this statement implies "if we don't beat him he will win", well, duhh...
"without our help" doesn't even imply a Vietnam-style strategy of not giving a decisive battle.  It implies a positive action that doesn't involve engaging in battle.
					
					
							Edited by No Avatar- that movie suck, 05 April 2013 - 10:13 PM.
1481	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	Tywin says "We have underestimated the Stark boy for too long, his men worship him and as long as he keeps winning battles they will believe that he is King in the north, you have been waiting for this boy to fail, but he is not going to fail, not without our help".
it means that they basicly cant sit around like idiots and keeping walking into his traps if they hope to win battles, we have to take initiatives and not let robb dictate the fighting anymore. They are talking about battle strategy not tricking the boy into falling in love with a spy to upset the freys and then have the freys kill them at the trident, those kind of complex meta-plots only work in Harry Potter, again how would Tywin know that Robb will fall in love with their Spy. Can he see into the future? Explain to me please because it doesnt make sense.  Remember that Tywin dismisses everything that the spies Reports in that scene, why would he do that if he knew their spy was talking to robb personaly and was about to marry him?
In the books the RW was planned out by the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons after they found out that Robb had married Jeyne, why would it have to work out differently in the TV-Series? there is no need for Talisa to be a spy. The fact that Robb and Talisa are genuinly happy togheter makes the Red Wedding more tragic.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 06 April 2013 - 02:02 AM.
1482	Clariana	2013-04-06	She didn't always need to have been a plant with the idea she would seduce and marry Robb.She could have originally been a Lannister medic, and reporting troop movements to boot, then once she met Robb, fired off the letter saying "hey I met Robb and he digs the way my junk move when I amputate, what I do now?"Plus, even though as medic she should be perfectly capable of offing Robb in his sleep, that's not the plan.  The plan is to lure the ENTIRE NORTHERN ARMY to it's doom.Yes this is exactly how I see it. Talisa is not THE SPY, she is a potential spy, a sleeper if you will, who happens to get lucky. I would also imagine she is not the only one, there are probably a few dozen people who have been deployed with different characteristics and professions.  The Northerners caught one in season two. Then there is Qyburn, possibly.This is how you run a spy ring, they are not a front line resource they are back-up, versatile, heterogenous and mostly expendable.
1483	a shadow	2013-04-06	Does anyone have a link to the video where Talisa is supposed to be shown at the RW?Here.
1484	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	Yes this is exactly how I see it. Talisa is not THE SPY, she is a potential spy, a sleeper if you will, who happens to get lucky. I would also imagine she is not the only one, there are probably a few dozen people who have been deployed with different characteristics and professions.  The Northerners caught one in season two. Then there is Qyburn, possibly.This is how you run a spy ring, they are not a front line resource they are back-up, versatile, heterogenous and mostly expendable.well if shes just a "potential spy" much of the "evidence" becomes  that where posted in the "Roose honeypot" video becomes invalid, since lots of so called "evidence" there was supposed to suggest that she is a part of the red wedding plan from the start.
1485	teemo	2013-04-06	Yes, in Episode 9. This Season is based on the first half of a storm of swords (Steel and Snow), and the next season the latter half (Blood and Gold).thought so....is there a thread about it anywhere? i can't seem to find it.
1486	teemo	2013-04-06	Here.so I guess she's getting the axe too? might as well.
1487	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	You have all been fooled, Talisa is actually working for the Greyjoys, sent out by Balon and Osha. Osha is hinting at this in season 2 with these lines:
"Anything with  a cock is easy to fool" -well she obviously knows how to fool and seduce men
"They wont even know we are there" -she seems to know a lot about the stark forces communication with the North castles, she obviously has a spy close to Robb.
it makes alot of sense if you think about it, Iron Islanders probably raided Essos and one captured Talisa as a salt wife, she was then offered freedom in exchange for working as a spy and was taught basic medicine skills by the maester at pyke. 
Also, Talisa starts to approach Robb after theon has captured Winterfell. So she obviously knows about it and sees it as her chance to seduce Robb when he is sad and looking for comfort.
see how easy it is to take certain lines out of context, as well as certain coincidences and use it as "evidence" for your theory?
1488	a shadow	2013-04-06	Wouldn't it be cool if Talisa killed Catelyn? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
1489	Caryn Stark	2013-04-06	Well, you make an interesting point Tadco26. Can't we all just agree that the TV character makes no sense, and that if this spy story is true it only serves to make the character worse?  LOL.  (I know we can't j/k)Ok. I agree. Talisa sucks and the sooner she is gone the better. Either way the way she is written is awful- spy or no.
1490	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	Ok. I agree. Talisa sucks and the sooner she is gone the better. Either way the way she is written is awful- spy or no.Well i wont argue with you on that one, but honestly Jeyne Westerling was not that interesting of a character either and her romance with Robb was pretty dull and felt like a cheap Romeo and Juliet plot. Personally i dont like Robb Stark as a character that much, he is not that developed nor complex so its quite hard to make any love story that involves him interesting, at least they tried something different in the series.And we havent really gotten to know Talisa yet, she only had a few lines in season 2 so there might be more to her character than we think. If there is one thing the ASoIaF series has taught me , it is to never judge a character too early. I mean, i used to think that Jamie Lannister was the worst Seed in westeros, that the whole story was ruined when Ned died and it took a long time before i started to like Jon Snow and get involved in his storyline, to me he was just "that guy who always whines about being a bastard and that serving in the night watch was not what he expected it to be" during the first book.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 06 April 2013 - 11:19 AM.
1491	Clariana	2013-04-06	Wouldn't it be cool if Talisa killed Catelyn? /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />Personally I think she'll play a part in pursuading Robb to leave Grey Wind chained up outside... Not realising that the plan is to dispose of her as well.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 06 April 2013 - 11:45 AM.
1492	Maester Tormund	2013-04-06	Tormund: stop talking about this theory as if it was already a fact. the "hes not going to fail wiithout our help" is just another way of saying "He wont lose a battle unless we defeat him" lol, dont read too much into it. Do you remember how Tywin mockingly dismisses all Spy reports in the same scene? that kinda contradicts the Talisa theory doesnt it? if Tywin had a spy who got information directly from Robb he would probably take it seriously.Have you read any of what I said, or just skimmed it?  I said that if she is a spy Tywin's gonna be playing her close to the chest.  The only ones who know that she is a spy are Tywin and Roose (maybe).  So why would we he be all like "Oh well we should definitely believe any spy reports we hear because I have a super secret spy myself"  Also I don't see how I'm talking about it as if its a fact.  Its a theory that I believe in but of course I realize its not true until its proven so.yes, roose knows Robb pretty well, but he knows him as a boy who tries to follow Neds path and "always do the right thing", so it would be contradictary to predict him to break his oath to walder frey.Roose also knows that Ned "fathered" a bastard.  (Am I allowed to say I believe in the R+L=J Theory and not accept it as fact?)i think they just wanted to "expand" the world by introducing a character from volantis. I also think they wanted to introduce the character and establish the romance earlier, and since Robb doesnt invade the Westerlands in the second season they couldnt do the westerlings story, so when creating the character they took the chance to introduce the viewers to Volantis and the other slave citys (Talisas childhood story) as a foreshadow to Dannys story in s3They do invade the Westerlands.  Roose goes with him instead of the Greatjon.  In fact Talisa goes with Robb TO the Westerling's castle.  Tywin says "We have underestimated the Stark boy for too long, his men worship him and as long as he keeps winning battles they will believe that he is King in the north, you have been waiting for this boy to fail, but he is not going to fail, not without our help".it means that they basicly cant sit around like idiots and keeping walking into his traps if they hope to win battles, we have to take initiatives and not let robb dictate the fighting anymore. They are talking about battle strategy not tricking the boy into falling in love with a spy to upset the freys and then have the freys kill them at the trident, those kind of complex meta-plots only work in Harry Potter, again how would Tywin know that Robb will fall in love with their Spy. Can he see into the future? Explain to me please because it doesnt make sense.  Remember that Tywin dismisses everything that the spies Reports in that scene, why would he do that if he knew their spy was talking to robb personaly and was about to marry him?I've already explained this as well.  Talisa was sent first and foremost as a spy ordered to get close to Robb.  All that she knows is that she has to get close to him and report to Tywin.  As far as Tywin is concerned her primary objective, the entire reason he put here in place, is to report on Robb's plans.  A bonus is that while she's close to him she might just happen to fall in love with him.  Tywin literally can't lose in this scenario.  She only reports back to him; great he now knows all of Robb's plans.  She reports back and she falls in love with him; even better.  He now has something he can use.  He has an affair or a bastard with her?  Discredit his honor or get the bastard as a hostage.  He marries her?  Outstanding.  He now has pissed off the Frey's who are a strong ally, not because of their troop numbers, but because of their bridge.  When sending Talisa in Tywin still expects that he must beat Robb in the field unless he gets lucky.When I go to Vegas and gamble I know that I'm still gonna have to go back to my job.  However sometimes you get lucky and win the jackpot and you're set for life.  Tywin bet on Talisa and Robb and he hit the jackpot.In the books the RW was planned out by the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons after they found out that Robb had married Jeyne, why would it have to work out differently in the TV-Series? there is no need for Talisa to be a spy. The fact that Robb and Talisa are genuinly happy togheter makes the Red Wedding more tragic.Wouldn't it be more tragic to find out that Robb threw it all away for nothing?  That he went through all of this for a girl that was secretly his enemy?  Also my theory doesn't say she is faking being in love with Robb; she is very much madly in love with him.Personally I think she'll play a part in pursuading Robb to leave Grey Wind chained up outside... Not realising that the plan is to dispose of her as well.This.again how would Tywin know that Robb will fall in love with their Spy. Can he see into the future?Put a young hot girl next to an emotional horny young guy in a stressful situation and 87% of the time (for all the HIMYM fans out there) they're gonna be doin' the no pants dance.
1493	go joff go	2013-04-06	I wouldn't  rule out the possibility that she WAS a spy but isn't anymore.
1494	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	Maester Thormund: so all you are saying is basicly "i dont think roose/tywin planned for Robb to fall in love with Talisa, i just believe that she is a spy". But there is no solid evidence so for that suggests that she is a spy. Its basicly just a wild guess
1495	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	I saw an interview with Oona where she said a major change from the book is her earnest feelings for Robb in the show. But then I was watching this hilarious commentary and at about 2:10 Michelle Fairley says something like get away from her she's evil, which could just be a joke or offhanded comment but I thought it was quite interesting.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=6Ufu9ekQmMI
1496	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	I saw an interview with Oona where she said a major change from the book is her earnest feelings for Robb in the show. But then I was watching this hilarious commentary and at about 2:10 Michelle Fairley says something like get away from her she's evil, which could just be a joke or offhanded comment but I thought it was quite interesting.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=6Ufu9ekQmMIhaha that commentary was hilarious, i love how relaxed they sound and that theyre making fun of everything. Both Nikolaj and Michelle have wonderful voices, Nikolaj really sounds like Jamie even when he is not in character lol
1497	brighidg	2013-04-06	If anything would suggest Talisa is a spy it's Oona's tweets that 1.) she's at the Red Wedding and 2.) she's been learning archery.
1498	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-06	I think the most tragic scenario here is that Talisa is a spy then she sincerely falls for Robb but keep spying without knowing that the RW is going to happen and she also gets murdered so she wouldn't bear a Stark heir.
1499	brighidg	2013-04-06	That or she gets Jeyne Poole's plot and will share her "redemption" arc with Theon.
1500	go joff go	2013-04-06	One thing is for sure, this discussion isn't going away any time soon.
1501	Clariana	2013-04-07	I think the most tragic scenario here is that Talisa is a spy then she sincerely falls for Robb but keep spying without knowing that the RW is going to happen and she also gets murdered so she wouldn't bear a Stark heir.I think that is the scenario Lord Tormund and I are proposing.
1502	Maester Ruin	2013-04-07	One thing is for sure, this discussion isn't going away any time soon.well, it will go away the day episode 9 airs and there has not been any more hints or evidence showing that she was a spy...
1503	NedStark2013	2013-04-07	My theory is that Talisa is a Spy but she falls for Robb really and gets killed by Bolton so Robb can watch his Love die before he gets killed.
1504	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	haha that commentary was hilarious, i love how relaxed they sound and that theyre making fun of everything. Both Nikolaj and Michelle have wonderful voices, Nikolaj really sounds like Jamie even when he is not in character lolI love when Nikolaj says "Oh...Yeah I guess it was a short one" toward the end.
1505	Clariana	2013-04-07	Nikolaj is very naughty! And he actually sounds like Jamie... He's very much into his character. And La Farley waxing lyrical about men in kilts... Priceless.
1506	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	Damn it!  I hate this thread!  It made me hope again.  Hope that all subtlety and cleverness were not completely destroyed by bringing this series to television.  If there's one thing I've complained about since the beginning it's the complete lack of subtlety or mystery. 
I'm a total book nazi and I hate it when they change major plot details but they've already done that in this case, so it would be awesome if there was a reason.
Unfortunately, I seriously doubt that will be the case.  As others have said these writers seem wholely incapable of it.  I just wish this thread hadn't gotten my hopes up again.
1507	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	Are we sure that that screen cap is from the RW?  Everyone looks pretty somber.  Couldn't it be Hoster Tully's funeral or something?
Unless the spy theory is true, Talisa being at the RW will ruin it for me.  It will remove the focus from Catelyn and her utter dispair and hopelessness at losing her last child, and instead focus on the stupid doomed lovers.  Blah!  It's Catelyn's scene, damn it!  They better not take it away from her.
Tormund if you wrote for the show I would have a lot more faith in it.
1508	Maester Ruin	2013-04-07	Damn it!  I hate this thread!  It made me hope again.  Hope that all subtlety and cleverness were not completely destroyed by bringing this series to television.  If there's one thing I've complained about since the beginning it's the complete lack of subtlety or mystery.I'm a total book nazi and I hate it when they change major plot details but they've already done that in this case, so it would be awesome if there was a reason.Unfortunately, I seriously doubt that will be the case.  As others have said these writers seem wholely incapable of it.  I just wish this thread hadn't gotten my hopes up again.Talisa was GRRMs idea.What sort of Mystery or Sublety are you refering to? can you give a couple of examples of mysteries and subtle things from the books that they skipped in season 1 and 2?the dialogue has a lot of sublety to it (take Cersceis "im sure she does" regarding margaery knowing what she is doing in "the game" in the last episode for example)
1509	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Damn it!  I hate this thread!  It made me hope again.  Hope that all subtlety and cleverness were not completely destroyed by bringing this series to television.  If there's one thing I've complained about since the beginning it's the complete lack of subtlety or mystery.I'm a total book nazi and I hate it when they change major plot details but they've already done that in this case, so it would be awesome if there was a reason.Unfortunately, I seriously doubt that will be the case.  As others have said these writers seem wholely incapable of it.  I just wish this thread hadn't gotten my hopes up again.The show does nothing to the quality of the books. They don't "destroy" anything. The books will always be what they are.The writers have GRRM's approval, and I think they've done a great job overall, with of course some things I disliked or disagreed with. But they don't do anything for no reason at all. There is always a reason. The fact that we don't know at all what sort of allegiance Talisa actually has is a GOOD thing. It's nice not to be omniscient, just relax and let it unfold. Personally I enjoy this aspect of an adaptation...It's like re-reading but this time the events might actually change. Hopefully the changes are good, or somewhat explainable, which virtually all of them are.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 07 April 2013 - 04:12 PM.
1510	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-08	If the Talisa as honeypot theory is true, it would be completely awesome if
	Spoiler she ended up taking the place of Merrett Frey
1511	Veltigar	2013-04-08	No one's going to care about a bunch of Freys when there is is a character that everyone that knows that was a fellow betrayer.Implicating Talisa in the RW would be the worst thing they could possibly do. The RW must remain the fault of Tywin, Freys and Boltons. No one who reads the books emotionally blames House Westerling for Robb's demise. The emotional blame is on the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons, and it must (and will) remain as such. Well, maybe Talisa comes clean and tells Robb that she is a spy (together with some Bullshit about her father, sad story, etc.) but that she fell in love with him. They go to the RW, Talisa wasn't informed. Freys break the guestright and kill them => All viewers hate Tywin, the Boltons and the Freys and they all feel sorry about Talisa and Robb, a couple that genuinley loved each other despite politics.
1512	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-09	She didn't always need to have been a plant with the idea she would seduce and marry Robb.She could have originally been a Lannister medic, and reporting troop movements to boot, then once she met Robb, fired off the letter saying "hey I met Robb and he digs the way my junk move when I amputate, what I do now?"Plus, even though as medic she should be perfectly capable of offing Robb in his sleep, that's not the plan.  The plan is to lure the ENTIRE NORTHERN ARMY to it's doom.How is she reporting troop movements?  Do medics typically keep cages full of ravens?  And how does she get messages back from Tywin to advise?  Ravens can only fly to castles they are trained to fly to...SNIP...i think they just wanted to "expand" the world by introducing a character from volantis. I also think they wanted to introduce the character and establish the romance earlier, and since Robb doesnt invade the Westerlands in the second season they couldnt do the westerlings story, so when creating the character they took the chance to introduce the viewers to Volantis and the other slave citys (Talisas childhood story) as a foreshadow to Dannys story in s3 /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> That makes a lot more sense (as to why to change the character vs being a spy).You have all been fooled, Talisa is actually working for the Greyjoys, sent out by Balon and Osha. Osha is hinting at this in season 2 with these lines:"Anything with  a cock is easy to fool" -well she obviously knows how to fool and seduce men"They wont even know we are there" -she seems to know a lot about the stark forces communication with the North castles, she obviously has a spy close to Robb.it makes alot of sense if you think about it, Iron Islanders probably raided Essos and one captured Talisa as a salt wife, she was then offered freedom in exchange for working as a spy and was taught basic medicine skills by the maester at pyke.Also, Talisa starts to approach Robb after theon has captured Winterfell. So she obviously knows about it and sees it as her chance to seduce Robb when he is sad and looking for comfort.see how easy it is to take certain lines out of context, as well as certain coincidences and use it as "evidence" for your theory?LOL, very deftly done ser!Ok. I agree. Talisa sucks and the sooner she is gone the better. Either way the way she is written is awful- spy or no.LOL /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />My theory is that Talisa is a Spy but she falls for Robb really and gets killed by Bolton so Robb can watch his Love die before he gets killed.Well, maybe Talisa comes clean and tells Robb that she is a spy (together with some Bullshit about her father, sad story, etc.) but that she fell in love with him. They go to the RW, Talisa wasn't informed. Freys break the guestright and kill them => All viewers hate Tywin, the Boltons and the Freys and they all feel sorry about Talisa and Robb, a couple that genuinley loved each other despite politics.I don't see how these last two scenarios are any more impactful than: They are in love, and it has tragic political/military consequences...
1513	dubq	2013-04-09	No one's going to care about a bunch of Freys when there is is a character that everyone that knows that was a fellow betrayer.Implicating Talisa in the RW would be the worst thing they could possibly do. The RW must remain the fault of Tywin, Freys and Boltons. No one who reads the books emotionally blames House Westerling for Robb's demise. The emotional blame is on the Lannisters, Freys and Boltons, and it must (and will) remain as such."Emotional blame"  -  what are you even talking about? The Spicer's are just as much involved in the RW as the rest of them. Jeyne Westerling's mother, Sybell as well, was a major factor in the RW. Who has replaced Jeyne and the Spicer's on the show? Talisa. So don't come in here and cry foul when some of us suspect that, yes, Talisa may be in on it. It's not so far beyond the realm of belief (especially for a show that is all about betrayal) and is certainly NOT "the worst thing they could do."
					
					
							Edited by dubq, 09 April 2013 - 04:33 PM.
1514	Maester Tormund	2013-04-13	Maester Thormund: so all you are saying is basicly "i dont think roose/tywin planned for Robb to fall in love with Talisa, i just believe that she is a spy". But there is no solid evidence so for that suggests that she is a spy. Its basicly just a wild guessI feel like you aren't reading my posts at all, just disagreeing with me.I feel that she is a spy. My evidence?1.) She is seen writing a letter and jokingly says that she writes 'The young wolf is on the move'.  Arya steals a letter saying practically exactly that.2.) The character change is itself a huge giveaway.  Give one legitimate reason why they would change the character.  They wan't to show more of Essos?  They have that possibility with Dany, Tyrion, and Jorah all wondering all over the place.  Read the bio for Jeyne Westerling in the App.  Don't have it? I'll save you the time here is what the first paragraph says:Jeyne is Lord Westerling's daughter by Lady Sybell of House Spicer.  She is a pretty girl, and when King Robb is wounded while capturing the Crag, her mother and uncle, Ser Rolph, conspire to leave her alone with Robb as much as possible, hoping that nature will take its course.  When it does, and Robb beds her, Robb then insists on marrying her and making her his queen, despite his promise to marry a daughter of House Frey; this, above anything else, leads to the Red WeddingSo what they've done in the show is made it simpler.  Instead of having this whole big family (which means more actors) and this whole big secret plot (which would take up more screen time) that is never actually even explicitly said in the books (so they have to make it understandable to both the book readers and show watchers) they made one character and used one they already had, Tywin Lannister.The Sybell-Ser Rolph plot is the same as the plot I've outlined except that my plot has two positives to it, she's spying on him for Tywin AND possibly causing the Red Wedding.
1515	Maester Tormund	2013-04-13	Tormund if you wrote for the show I would have a lot more faith in it.I'll take that as a compliment considering I hope to one day get into the televison business /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1516	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	It does further support this theory:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=jsTVnZm9hFgyeah i watched this some time ago, but wasnt sure how i felt about the whole thing.it also confirms they are indeed TigersNice catch, and interesting thread! I'm really liking the bow for Ygritte as well. simple but fitting (if they ever have any other wildlings make the opening credits, it'd be cool if they all had the same sigil imo)i loved that when watching it too.
1517	LordStoneheart	2013-04-03	How do you like Missandei being aged up for the show?I really don't mind it because it didn't hit me until way later in aDwD that Missandei was supposed to be a child. I must have been reading too fast. There's speculation that Missandei will be the one having the scenes Irri was supposed to have. You know the ones I mean.(digression: I totally hated that both Irri and Doreah didn't make it to this seasons. I actually liked that Doreah didn't die in the Red Waste like the books, but then they ruined her character... end of digression.)Since the five-year gap was the plan at one point, I figure we would've saw a similar aged Missandei if that plan didn't fall through. So as it stands, I'm fine with the current Missandei. It won't give way to the Walt problem like it will for Bran and Rickon.
1518	A Winters Summer	2013-04-04	I think she'll work out fine, but it is just the first episode. D&D killing irri and doreah dosen't bother me much, neither does Xaro being gone. Xaro plays a large part in Dany's story, but not everything can be from the book to screen. I can't recall any important scenes in the book involving them (Doreah and Irri), other than that particular scene you mentioned, just a lot of "it is known".
"Walt" problem?
1519	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-04	Not like anyone from pre-ADWD Dany ark matters anyway besides Dany herserlf, Jorah and Barristan. Don't get the hype over Dany's handmaidens and bloodriders, who do nothing in books and show both.
1520	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-04	I'm both hoping we both do and don't see that scene, to be honest. 
But I'm fine with the aged up Missandei.
1521	I do not sew	2013-04-04	I'm not complaining. Holy eye-candy Batman.
1522	LordStoneheart	2013-04-04	I think she'll work out fine, but it is just the first episode. D&D killing irri and doreah dosen't bother me much, neither does Xaro being gone. Xaro plays a large part in Dany's story, but not everything can be from the book to screen. I can't recall any important scenes in the book involving them (Doreah and Irri), other than that particular scene you mentioned, just a lot of "it is known"."Walt" problem?In the show Lost, the first three seasons take place in a few months, but the actor playing the only kid on the island, Walt, was aging too fast so they wrote his character out (not dead, just out of the picture). Bran and Rickon's portrayers will likely grow faster than the show's timeline moves. From the trailers, I think I already see that. Could be easily retconned by the writers, but that will make the storyline even more stretched out than the books. The same could happen to Arya, but in feast and dance it's suggested she's growing into her body so maybe not.
1523	iYT	2013-04-04	I have mixed feelings about this. My first thought was she is hot upon seeing her. My second thought was "shit she is going to be stupid". This second thought was brought on by her response of 'Truly?". A younger Missanei asking this would have been more understandable,  but it still wouldn't fit her character imo. For an older Missandei to ask this made me think that her character will play a lesser role and be far less impressive. This may not be the case at all but those were my thoughts.
I guess I'm okay with it for now; as long as it's not the first step in the direction that Spartacus has taken of sex, horrid one-liners, and poor cgi battles.
1524	Nictarion	2013-04-04	I'm not complaining. Holy eye-candy Batman.I agree. She is smoking hot.
1525	Tony Soprano	2013-04-04	I don't mind. They've aged up all the younger characters, and I think it's good that they did the same with Missandei. Dany's arc in Astapor and Meereen is pretty brutal and graphic, and I don't think having a little girl mixed up in all that would have been a good choice.
1526	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-04	I have mixed feelings about this. My first thought was she is hot upon seeing her. My second thought was "shit she is going to be stupid". This second thought was brought on by her response of 'Truly?". A younger Missanei asking this would have been more understandable,  but it still wouldn't fit her character imo. For an older Missandei to ask this made me think that her character will play a lesser role and be far less impressive. This may not be the case at all but those were my thoughts.Or it may be a sign of her recognizing that Dany understand what's being said and intentionally yanking her master's chain.
1527	The hairy bear	2013-04-04	It's a change that does not bother me much, to be honest. And the actress is OK. However, I fear that they'll go overboard using her for repetitive lesbian scenes with Dany. Too much of that would hurt Dany as a character, I'm afraid.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 04 April 2013 - 04:44 AM.
1528	Darryk	2013-04-04	She's hot.
That's about all I have to say on it.
1529	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	I'm not complaining. Holy eye-candy Batman.Um yea.  What you said.That girl is stunning.  Good actor too
1530	Carcetti	2013-04-04	Yup, Missandei is definitely the hottest character on the show now imho /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.
Regarding the Walt problem: It'll be pretty weird when Bran is an adolescent during his dance stuff in the show. There's just no way to avoid it. I'm happy they try to age up as many charachters as possible because of this.
					
					
							Edited by Carcetti, 04 April 2013 - 07:28 AM.
1531	SeanF	2013-04-04	It's a change that does not bother me much, to be honest. And the actress is OK. However, I fear that they'll go overboard using her for repetitive lesbian scenes with Dany. Too much of that would hurt Dany as a character, I'm afraid.It would also ruin the relationship between Dany and Missandei, as I see it in the books.  They love each other dearly, but their relationship is like that of two sisters, or a mother and daughter, rather than two lovers.IMHO, showing them as lesbian lovers would be the worst sort of fanservice.
1532	Logodnica	2013-04-04	I was actually a little dissapointed for two reasons.
First, Missandei's cleverness is much more charming for the fact that she is just 10 years old.  The innocent naivete behind some of her remarks, especially in her scenes with the Butcher in aDwD are so much better because a CHILD is capable of such cutting remarks!
Second, Dany is being set up as 
	Spoiler  the mother to all those slaves she frees 
  That role would really be emphasized for the tv viewers if Missandei is a child.  In the books we know that Dany sees herself like this because of her internal monologue.  But we don't get that in the tv show.  That's why I wish D&D had visually emphasized this roles that Dany takes on by keeping Missandei a child.
1533	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-04	There's so much higher chance of getting a good actor if you aren't casting a child. D&D lucked out with several child actors but as good as Maisie Williams has been as Arya, she was found very late in the process and apparently no other girl had been close to her. It seems smart to make Missandei older since it's a far smaller role and less work can go into casting her. Nothing of real importance will change either and it will be easier to give her actions made by other characters in the books this way.
All characters have been aged up as well so in terms of the shows normal standards she'd still be about in her mid teens, so the change is also smaller than it might seem at first glance.
1534	BananaSpice	2013-04-04	It would also ruin the relationship between Dany and Missandei, as I see it in the books.  They love each other dearly, but their relationship is like that of two sisters, or a mother and daughter, rather than two lovers.IMHO, showing them as lesbian lovers would be the worst sort of fanservice.I would be shocked if they didn't have at least one sex scene between them. I don't think they are really going to be "lovers" though - Irri and Dany aren't really "lovers" in the book ... it's just a weird sexual frustration thing in which Irri/Missandei feel sort of obliged, but happy to help (slave mentality). I don't think it's a big deal of a change, tbh. The show can't preserve every relationship in exactly the same way as it was in the books.
1535	RedRum	2013-04-04	My second thought was "shit she is going to be stupid". This second thought was brought on by her response of 'Truly?". A younger Missanei asking this would have been more understandable,  but it still wouldn't fit her character imo.She is a slave. When given a seemingly-ridiculous order she has to at least consider following it or risk being punished for failing to do so.
1536	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-04	She is a slave. When given a seemingly-ridiculous order she has to at least consider following it or risk being punished for failing to do so.I agree with you. Slaves aren't meant to think for themselves in the manner free people do, they are meant to do what the are told and suffer if they don't.On a separate note I'm also still surprised at how many people there are having trouble with characters seemingly not acting smart all of the time. That seems like it would just create less interesting and realistic fiction.
1537	littleayrastark	2013-04-04	I don't think it is that big of deal since she isn't an important character in the books. And since they killed off all of Dany's handmaidens she needs a female character of similiar age to interact with. I'm not sure if Dany and Missandei will have a sexual relationship like Dany and Irri did or not. On one hand they could hardly pass up the chance to do it; boobs x2 plus girl on girl would fulfil the sex quota for an episode. But Dany and Irri's relationship is short lived and not of a lot of importance to Dany's character or story arc. Plus, I think the audience would just be annoyed with Dany when she drops M for Daario.
1538	SeanF	2013-04-04	I don't think it is that big of deal since she isn't an important character in the books. And since they killed off all of Dany's handmaidens she needs a female character of similiar age to interact with. I'm not sure if Dany and Missandei will have a sexual relationship like Dany and Irri did or not. On one hand they could hardly pass up the chance to do it; boobs x2 plus girl on girl would fulfil the sex quota for an episode. But Dany and Irri's relationship is short lived and not of a lot of importance to Dany's character or story arc. Plus, I think the audience would just be annoyed with Dany when she drops M for Daario.That's what would make it so cheesy, in my view.  It would be such a tired cliche to have two attactive young women pretending to have sex with each other, to titillate the audience,
1539	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-04	So i wonder if Missandei will be one of the two that will have that 'it is known that you are a cow' argument over Daario.
But wow what a woman!
1540	BenBamBoo	2013-04-04	It's a change that does not bother me much, to be honest. And the actress is OK. However, I fear that they'll go overboard using her for repetitive lesbian scenes with Dany. Too much of that would hurt Dany as a character, I'm afraid.I really hope they don't bother including this scene tbh. In the books you get a sense of her frame of mind and the confusion she is feeling. In the show it would just be thrown in there, with no real purpose to the storyline.
1541	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-04	There's so much higher chance of getting a good actor if you aren't casting a child. D&D lucked out with several child actors but as good as Maisie Williams has been as Arya, she was found very late in the process and apparently no other girl had been close to her. It seems smart to make Missandei older since it's a far smaller role and less work can go into casting her. Nothing of real importance will change either and it will be easier to give her actions made by other characters in the books this way.This, and also child actors have restrictions on when and how long they can work, that adult actors do not have.  So the change also makes sense from a purely practical standpoint.And yes, Nathalie Emmanuel is positively stunning, so there's that!  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1542	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-04	No complaints at all... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1543	Damar	2013-04-04	I didn't notice, or rather the opposite, I was very much noticing that Missandei was very grown up in this.
1544	chris999	2013-04-04	Not like anyone from pre-ADWD Dany ark matters anyway besides Dany herserlf, Jorah and Barristan. Don't get the hype over Dany's handmaidens and bloodriders, who do nothing in books and show both.Her Bloodriders are important, and they have important roles and scenes coming up not only in the books we know of, but also the coming books. I have a feeling that Dany will kill whichever Khal has found her at the end of ADWD and absorb his kalasar... meaning that her bloodriders will have a more important role over a much larger Khalasar.
1545	Petyr Stone	2013-04-04	She replied to my tweet, so she's now my favourite actor/character on the show (yes, I'm that lame). /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
1546	Buckwheat	2013-04-04	I noticed that she is much older, and I do not like it. Missandei is one of my favourite side characters in the books because she is such a child. I fear that they only made her older for the purposes of the sex scene with Dany, which I wish they will not do, but I fear they did.Not like anyone from pre-ADWD Dany ark matters anyway besides Dany herserlf, Jorah and Barristan. Don't get the hype over Dany's handmaidens and bloodriders, who do nothing in books and show both.Hey there, Rakharo was good-looking. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1547	Drogo_1	2013-04-04	I too mislike the older Missandei, I do like the actress they chose but they should have left the role to a child.
1548	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	I think she'll work out fine, but it is just the first episode. D&D killing irri and doreah dosen't bother me much, neither does Xaro being gone. Xaro plays a large part in Dany's story, but not everything can be from the book to screen. I can't recall any important scenes in the book involving them (Doreah and Irri), other than that particular scene you mentioned, just a lot of "it is known".Are we sure Xaro's really gone? Why wouldn't the writers want to put their own return-from-the-grave bit in the show. It would be a surprise the book-readers are less likely to pick up on.I really hope they don't bother including this scene tbh. In the books you get a sense of her frame of mind and the confusion she is feeling. In the show it would just be thrown in there, with no real purpose to the storyline.Yeah, it really will just make the show a needless porn-fest.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon Doll, 04 April 2013 - 07:31 PM.
1549	boojam	2013-04-04	I think it still amazes me that this 'aged up' thing comes up after three seasons , the actors are set , so far, to me, don't nothing jaring to the narrative. (Some think so, but I don't understand their arguments.)
Anyway, 'aged' is an odd heading when Nathalie Emmanuel is 25 years old!
1550	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	I have mixed feelings about this. My first thought was she is hot upon seeing her. My second thought was "shit she is going to be stupid". This second thought was brought on by her response of 'Truly?". A younger Missanei asking this would have been more understandable,  but it still wouldn't fit her character imo. For an older Missandei to ask this made me think that her character will play a lesser role and be far less impressive. This may not be the case at all but those were my thoughts.It was just a joke, and I'm sure one the writers thought was too good to miss.  It really doesn't matter to her character either way, it's just supposed to be funny.
1551	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	I was actually a little dissapointed for two reasons.First, Missandei's cleverness is much more charming for the fact that she is just 10 years old.  The innocent naivete behind some of her remarks, especially in her scenes with the Butcher in aDwD are so much better because a CHILD is capable of such cutting remarks!Second, Dany is being set up as 
	Spoiler  the mother to all those slaves she frees 
  That role would really be emphasized for the tv viewers if Missandei is a child.  In the books we know that Dany sees herself like this because of her internal monologue.  But we don't get that in the tv show.  That's why I wish D&D had visually emphasized this roles that Dany takes on by keeping Missandei a child.Child actors grow up, as has been mentioned earlier.  Also I don't think you need a blatant example to get across the idea that Dany sees herself as a mother to the slaves.And you always can go back and enjoy what is in the books.
1552	LordStoneheart	2013-04-04	Anyway, 'aged' is an odd heading when Nathalie Emmanuel is 25 years old!Aged as in older than she is in the books. She's eleven in the books
1553	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-05	No complaints here! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1554	boojam	2013-04-05	Aged as in older than she is in the books. She's eleven in the booksJust me, but 'aged-up' has a better ring to it than 'aged', just saying.
1555	Abaddon	2013-04-05	I don't think George writes children that well.  They always come off as older to me.  Don't get me wrong, I love the characters... they just seem more mature mentally than you would generally expect a child to be at the age they are supposed to be.
I think the suggestion up above that one reason she might have been aged up is because it is very difficult to find child actors is a good one.  Along those lines, I wonder if the need for the actor to learn Valyrian might have played a part.  As natural as it comes across on-screen, I think it must take a huge amount of effort being able to 'learn' the lines and deliver them naturally, in character.  It seems likely there is going to be a lot more Valyrian this season so that might have been another factor in aging up the actor.
I don't think we're going to see a lesbian scene between them, personally.
1556	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	I don't think George writes children that well.  They always come off as older to me.  Don't get me wrong, I love the characters... they just seem more mature mentally than you would generally expect a child to be at the age they are supposed to be.I'd say that two factors play in here. First of all the children we get to follow are extraordinary people, just as the other characters are. The story centers around people that have the ability to affect the world around them so the characters will be special. Therefor it's easy to say that these children are far ahead of the maturity curve.On top of that a medieval society didn't really treat children the way we do today. We can bring our children up more slowly since there's that period between childhood and adulthood called adolescence. There's no such thing in the medieval society, as soon as puberty hits you're an adult and need to have been prepared for that.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 05 April 2013 - 07:14 AM.
1557	Silverx2	2013-04-05	I like it, And i hope there is a sex scene, Dany needs to go through the motions and get herself some culture.
1558	valerio	2013-04-05	A sex scene between those two might give me an heart attack.
I don't know, i would have liked to see the 11 years old Missandei, but probably a child behaving like Alfred the butler  is one of those things that work better on page than on screen ...
1559	Abaddon	2013-04-05	I'd say that two factors play in here. First of all the children we get to follow are extraordinary people, just as the other characters are. The story centers around people that have the ability to affect the world around them so the characters will be special. Therefor it's easy to say that these children are far ahead of the maturity curve.On top of that a medieval society didn't really treat children the way we do today. We can bring our children up more slowly since there's that period between childhood and adulthood called adolescence. There's no such thing in the medieval society, as soon as puberty hits you're an adult and need to have been prepared for that.We know quite a bit about child development that we didn't know even 15-20 years ago.  I will simply say that such thinking is outdated.  A child's brain is not just an uneducated adult's, there are vast differences in how they process information and how that shapes their behavior.  As a parent and someone who sees a lot of children, it is quite evident George didn't have any.I should clarify I'm talking for the most part about the younger children (Bran, Rikon, Arya).  In these cases, the show-aged children are more believable than the book-aged children.  It probably helps that they are being acted by real children, of course /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 05 April 2013 - 09:19 AM.
1560	Top Notch Balanter	2013-04-05	Possible spoiler
It's not like a sex scene between them would be pointless. In the Books when Irri pleases Dany it reawakens thought of a sexual nature that she hasn't felt since Drogo died. It also paves the way for her attraction to Daario and her reaction to the Jorah kiss
1561	sprytel	2013-04-05	If her acting is good (and I thought it was in ep. 1), I do not think her age will be a problem...
And as has been said, the change gives her back a female confidante.
1562	Buckwheat	2013-04-05	Possible spoilerIt's not like a sex scene between them would be pointless. In the Books when Irri pleases Dany it reawakens thought of a sexual nature that she hasn't felt since Drogo died. It also paves the way for her attraction to Daario and her reaction to the Jorah kissJust a little correction: Dany has thoughts of sexual nature before Irri does it, Irri wakes up and notices Dany touching herself.And I think this is not really necessary for the plot development. They might show it as Jorah's kiss reawakening Dany's sexuality, or Daario for that matter.
1563	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	We know quite a bit about child development that we didn't know even 15-20 years ago.  I will simply say that such thinking is outdated.  A child's brain is not just an uneducated adult's, there are vast differences in how they process information and how that shapes their behavior.  As a parent and someone who sees a lot of children, it is quite evident George didn't have any.I should clarify I'm talking for the most part about the younger children (Bran, Rikon, Arya).  In these cases, the show-aged children are more believable than the book-aged children.  It probably helps that they are being acted by real children, of course /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Of course there's differences and I wasn't saying it was completely realistic, I've just seen many people judge a bit too much on modern children and made the note that environment still affects the behavior in some ways, plus that some individuals really stand out as different from the norm. I don't think having children yourself is that important either. Of course it gives some intimate knowledge but also sets you up to anecdotal evidence in a huge way (which won't even be very accurate in estimating how a suffering child in a bad part of Africa will behave). I've seen quite a lot of people use their anecdotal evidence to state completely contrary opinions from each other (how George writes women is probably the most common topic for that though). For a heroic story I don't think there are any huge problems though.As for the show, the characters are not only older but played by even older actors so I'd say that they come off as older than they are there as well if we're picky about it.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 05 April 2013 - 10:54 AM.
1564	SeanF	2013-04-05	I should clarify I'm talking for the most part about the younger children (Bran, Rikon, Arya).  In these cases, the show-aged children are more believable than the book-aged children.  It probably helps that they are being acted by real children, of course /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm not sure.  So far as I can remember, my outlook on the World was certainly not the same as those of Bran and Arya, at their age.  But, I wonder if that is simply down to the extreme circumstances in which they find themselves.If you were 10, fled a coup, subsisted on rats and pigeons for a fortnight, emerged to see your father executed, got rescued by a man who became a substitute father, saw him get cut down, witnessed friends and comrades being tortured and raped, were repeatedly threatened with rape, killed a guard and escaped, got captured by outlaws, got captured by a ruthless killer, witnessed the remaining members of your family being murdered, saw your mother's corpse dumped in the river, your development as a child would be completely abnormal.
1565	Abaddon	2013-04-05	I don't think having children yourself is that important either.It's not just having children, it's being around a LOT of children.  And yeah, it is important, although not decisive by any means.However, the more important part of what I'm saying is that we know a lot more about brain development now.and specifically how children's brains differ from those of an adult.  There's a lot of really fascinating information that has come out in the last decade or so.[EDIT] In any case, I see I am repeating myself here, so I am going to just drop it at this point.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 05 April 2013 - 12:01 PM.
1566	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-05	It seems likely there is going to be a lot more Valyrian this season so that might have been another factor in aging up the actor.I think this can't be emphasized enough. We shouldn't let someone like Maisie spoil us into thinking child actor phenoms fall out of the sky. I can't imagine a tween being able to handle the complexities of memorizing entire scenes in a made-up language.
1567	RoamingRonin	2013-04-05	I initially thought Missandei would be given an episode or two as the interpreter and then killed off to inspired Dany conquer lands where she is and ignore Westoros. I didn't see the age up coming but I don't mind.
1568	ebevan91	2013-04-05	I think this can't be emphasized enough. We shouldn't let someone like Maisie spoil us into thinking child actor phenoms fall out of the sky. I can't imagine a tween being able to handle the complexities of memorizing entire scenes in a made-up language.Her actress talks about the new language in the "Inside the Episode" for episode 1, I believe.
1569	SerMixalot	2013-04-05	Of course they will have M and D enact that scene.  Now I am of two minds on that score, the DOM in me would love it while the lover of great TV will cringe at the needless soft porn. 
Why cant they just add the superfluous nudity into an extra's edition or something?
1570	ServantOnIce	2013-04-05	No complaints at all... /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />I agree. She's quite attractive and she's way older than the kid in the books.But so are some of the other actors, especially Natalie Dormer.  Natalie Dormer is in her mid 30s playing a person half her age.
1571	ServantOnIce	2013-04-05	Of course they will have M and D enact that scene.  Now I am of two minds on that score, the DOM in me would love it while the lover of great TV will cringe at the needless soft porn.Why cant they just add the superfluous nudity into an extra's edition or something?I don't think so.  Daario is Dany's love/lust interest from here on out  . . .    that scene seemed out of place in the books and would look out of place as the Qaartheen gowns on the show.Ros will always fulfill the sensual portion of the show . .  .
1572	House Balstroko	2013-04-05	I think aging the characters is one of the best things D&D did.
1573	Black Frog	2013-04-06	I don't mind it at all. I was just like OP an didn't really realized she was so young until ADwD. Everybody is aged up anyway.Doreah death really sucked, what a horrible death, such an uncalled for and completely disproportional punishment, goes to show how reasonable Dany is. Also, Doreah was hot and I wouldn't have minded a sex sceneinvolving her a Dany, it is not like the series doesn't have way more gratuitousness sex scenes.
1574	Khal Pono	2013-04-06	I don't mind it at all. I was just like OP an didn't really realized she was so young until ADwD. Everybody is aged up anyway.Doreah death really sucked, what a horrible death, such an uncalled for and completely disproportional punishment, goes to show how reasonable Dany is. Also, Doreah was hot and I wouldn't have minded a sex sceneinvolving her a Dany, it is not like the series doesn't have way more gratuitousness sex scenes.Doreah was hot (I think the actress is a model in the UK) but the actress who plays Missandei is ridiculously sexy.  She's like a cartoon character, like Jessica Rabbit or Disney's Pocohontas.  I have no qualms about admitting I'm looking forward to the Dany-Missandei bed scenes.Now, as to your point about whether Dany's punishment of Doreah was "fair," I'm having a hard time understanding your side of the argument.  Putting aside the fact that Doreah was beautiful and it would have been nice to have her around, she *betrayed* Dany, who had befriended and protected her through unimaginable hardhsips.  Doreah sold her out to a man who was complicit in a scheme to enslave her in the HotU for all eternity! And (if you watch the awful deleted scenes) she killed Irri (who was truly devoted to Dany) in cold blood.  This is serious, grade-A, murderous treachery we're talking about.  What she did to Dany was a million times worse than being locked alive in a vault.  In a vault, you will presumably dehydrate or starve after a few weeks (or, if they're lucky, the thing is airtight and they will suffocate).  In the House of the Undying, Dany would have been a chained thrall to the evil warlocks forever.And don't forget that Dany, despite her so called "gentle heart" is a Targaryen.  She does not mess around when it comes to doling out punishment.  She's learned from Viserys and Khal Drogo, and she has the blood of the Mad King who was known to devise the most horrific punishments to those who betrayed him.Doreah had it coming.  You don't commit treason against a Targaryen of Old Valyria and expect them to forgive you.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 06 April 2013 - 12:35 AM.
1575	LordStoneheart	2013-04-06	Doreah was hot (I think the actress is a model in the UK) but the actress who plays Missandei is ridiculously sexy.  She's like a cartoon character, like Jessica Rabbit or Disney's Pocohontas.  I have no qualms about admitting I'm looking forward to the Dany-Missandei bed scenes.Now, as to your point about whether Dany's punishment of Doreah was "fair," I'm having a hard time understanding your side of the argument.  Putting aside the fact that Doreah was beautiful and it would have been nice to have her around, she *betrayed* Dany, who had befriended and protected her through unimaginable hardhsips.  Doreah sold her out to a man who was complicit in a scheme to enslave her in the HotU for all eternity! And (if you watch the awful deleted scenes) she killed Irri (who was truly devoted to Dany) in cold blood.  This is serious, grade-A, murderous treachery we're talking about.  What she did to Dany was a million times worse than being locked alive in a vault.  In a vault, you will presumably dehydrate or starve after a few weeks (or, if they're lucky, the thing is airtight and they will suffocate).  In the House of the Undying, Dany would have been a chained thrall to the evil warlocks forever.And don't forget that Dany, despite her so called "gentle heart" is a Targaryen.  She does not mess around when it comes to doling out punishment.  She's learned from Viserys and Khal Drogo, and she has the blood of the Mad King who was known to devise the most horrific punishments to those who betrayed him.Doreah had it coming.  You don't commit treason against a Targaryen of Old Valyria and expect them to forgive you.Love all this except for one thing. They say since Doreah killing Irri was a deleted scene, it may or may not be considered canon. But either way, the treachery still stands.
1576	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-06	I like Irri, Doreah and the other one. Also the bloodriders. They were the last remaining link of Dany's to the Dothraki culture, which MAYBE could be helpful later.Anyway...The same could happen to Arya, but in feast and dance it's suggested she's growing into her body so maybe not.I doubt Arya will get taller than she is, at least a few inches and that's all. Maybe is because she's a dancer and dancers, like gymnasts, aren't tall, at least they won't have a problem there. The one who is growing too much is Sophie, she's in the same height of Kit and Richard when she's using high heels.Just a little correction: Dany has thoughts of sexual nature before Irri does it, Irri wakes up and notices Dany touching herself.But IICR, this is caused by Jorah's kiss.
1577	LordStoneheart	2013-04-06	The one who is growing too much is Sophie, she's in the same height of Kit and Richard when she's using high heels.I have noticed that. But does Sansa get taller in the books later? I thought it suggested she did.
1578	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-06	I have noticed that. But does Sansa get taller in the books later? I thought it suggested she did.She does as every girl does, but I doubt Sansa grew to be taller than her brothers.
1579	LordStoneheart	2013-04-06	She does as every girl does, but I doubt Sansa grew to be taller than her brothers.I just figured with Tully and Stark blood she would have a good chance of being above average height for a woman. At least show Sansa is older so her growth is more believable. I don't think they could pull off saying she's twelve.
1580	tws1978	2013-04-06	I admit when I saw the killer masked as a sweet little girl art the end of the episode I immediatelly thought here is our perfect Missandei. The girl is like DanyÂ´s little sister in the books, but I understand why the show decided against another child actor in the cast. DanyÂ´s storyline is mostly filmed in a remote and exotic locations like Morocco and there are many limiting rules for child actors which would make the part quite expensive. I think the new adult Missandei will be as much smart and practical, but more like a close friend and confidant for Dany. The dynamics will be different, they will be basically BFFÂ´s. MissandeiÂ´s main role will be to help articulate all these hidden thoughts and doubts Dany has. In the books we can hear them through her inner voice, but thatÂ´s no possible on the show and she would never discuss them openly with Jorah or Baristan.
As for the infamous scene, I donÂ´t think the show will go there. Even in the books the scene feels forced, but we atleast know before that Dany is used to sleep naked and with her handmaidens in the same bed. We never saw that in the show. I liked the sex education scene with Dany and Doreah in season 1 because it felt natural and playful and erotic. I think we may see a similar scene where Missandei is helping Dany with bath or something and they have a girl talk about her developing crush on Daario and the touching gets a little inappropriate when they are in the moment. Dany will probably deny her attraction to Daario first, claiming she is still mentaly married to Drogo, and Missandei will bring the theme of sex and how dead husband canÂ´t fulfill certain needs.
					
					
							Edited by tws1978, 06 April 2013 - 07:50 AM.
1581	The Monkey	2013-04-06	Mandatory lesbian scene with Dany coming up.
1582	Joyful Union	2013-04-06	Her Bloodriders are important, and they have important roles and scenes coming up not only in the books we know of, but also the coming books.I have a feeling that Dany will kill whichever Khal has found her at the end of ADWD and absorb his kalasar... meaning that her bloodriders will have a more important role over a much larger Khalasar.Honestly, can you even differentiate between those Bloodriders as characters? She still has at least one bloodrider left on the show in any case, he'll do for any possible important scenes in WoW (can't think of any in DwD)
1583	boojam	2013-04-06	Honestly, can you even differentiate between those Bloodriders as characters? She still has at least one bloodrider left on the show in any case, he'll do for any possible important scenes in WoW (can't think of any in DwD)That reminds me , we know what happened to Rakaro.Kovarro replaces Jhogo and seems to be in both seasons 1 aand 2 (Another name change, but one I don't think anyone would notice.)Aggo was there in episode 1 of season 2, sent off on the search, he vanishes.We have not seen him since.Well the bloodriders Aggo, Jhogo, Rakharo are still there in ADwD , they don't play a big role , but they do ... do things for Dany.We did not even see Jhogo in episode 1 of season 3, but I think he was left guarding the ships with Aggo and Rakharo (who in the show are no longer there, unless Aggo shows up again!).Mr Dothraki Beard, several times in season 2, is never identified as an actor, he is by character name (forgot it) in , I think E3s2, but  no actor's name, while some 'rioters' are identified!We shall have to see if he shows up in Season 3.
							Edited by boojam, 06 April 2013 - 03:01 PM.
1584	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-06	She's bloody gorgeous, so I don't mind. Seeing how they've handled most if not all of the sex so far (it does nothing for me), I don't want a lesbian scene though.
1585	Hellfell	2013-04-06	Me neither. That S1E7 stuff was disgusting. If they absolutely want to picture F/F stuff, then they'd better do it like Renly w/ Loras - subtle and romantic, not all-in craziness that just puts people off.
1586	Khal Pono	2013-04-06	Me neither. That S1E7 stuff was disgusting. If they absolutely want to picture F/F stuff, then they'd better do it like Renly w/ Loras - subtle and romantic, not all-in craziness that just puts people off.Renly and Loras were in love and had a serious, long-term relationship.  So comparing that to Dany in bed with her handmaiden doesn't make sense.The lesbian scenes in the book describe a loneliness and a desperate physical/emotional need that Dany has and her faithful servant wanting to please her.  Missandei has been a slave all her life, so she will also want to please her master, like Irri in the books.  I think there will be loneliness/emotion in that scene, but I think it will be a lot more passionate than the Renly/Loras scene which was about their relationship and their plans more than about sex.
1587	Carne	2013-04-06	I never got the problem with aging up characters. I've seen people here freak out because they aged up Missandei. Really? Why the hell not? Is it really that much of a problem? It's not like she's a major character anyways.
1588	Khal Pono	2013-04-06	I never got the problem with aging up characters. I've seen people here freak out because they aged up Missandei. Really? Why the hell not? Is it really that much of a problem? It's not like she's a major character anyways.Missandei and Dany have a very sweet big sister-little sister relationship in the books.  There's nothing wrong with saying that we will miss that aspect in the show.
1589	Hellfell	2013-04-06	Renly and Loras were in love and had a serious, long-term relationship.  So comparing that to Dany in bed with her handmaiden doesn't make sense.The lesbian scenes in the book describe a loneliness and a desperate physical/emotional need that Dany has and her faithful servant wanting to please her.  Missandei has been a slave all her life, so she will also want to please her master, like Irri in the books.  I think there will be loneliness/emotion in that scene, but I think it will be a lot more passionate than the Renly/Loras scene which was about their relationship and their plans more than about sex.They can show all these things without going all graphical. That's what I meant by 'subtle/romantic'
1590	Ser Luke.	2013-04-07	I think it's not really a bad change at all. First of all, there's only so many great child actors out there, and this show already has a ton. Also, if they want to include the scene with Irri, they can use her instead, something a child actor obviously couldn't do.
1591	cuendillar	2013-04-08	That sex scene is almost certainly not going to take place, unless possibly exclusively as a Dany apologizing afterwards - as she did to Irri. There won't be any actual touching, for sure. There wasn't in the Theon/Osha matchup, that one was made totally obvious due to context and later comments. D&D doesn't always take any excuse for showing sex on-screen.
Emilia actually said in an interview connected to season 1 that the sex scene she was most uncomfortable with was the "sex lesson" with Doreah, due to its girl-girl component. That was a fully-clothed scene and much too important for her relationship with Drogo to omit, it pretty much had to be in the show. The Irri scene is much more explicit, so much so that I think she'll refuse (or be extremely reticent) about it and it's not important enough to contractually bludgeon her into it. I don't think it serves any particular purpose as Dany isn't lesbian, nor is there any plot/character-wise need for such a scene.
Besides, one of the key elements about Missandei in the books is that she's knowledgeable about so much, while completely ignorant of any sexual matters. This "blind spot" of hers is rather interesting and I think it might very well come to have significance down the line. Ageing her up doesn't really change this, as she's likely trained almost as harshly as the unsullied.
1592	Sir Noone Sword Of The Day	2013-04-09	since all the other main characters have been aged up than i don't really think it matters...
1593	Drogo_1	2013-04-09	Emilia actually said in an interview connected to season 1 that the sex scene she was most uncomfortable with was the "sex lesson" with Doreah, due to its girl-girl component. That was a fully-clothed scene and much too important for her relationship with Drogo to omit, it pretty much had to be in the show. The Irri scene is much more explicit, so much so that I think she'll refuse (or be extremely reticent) about it and it's not important enough to contractually bludgeon her into it. I don't think it serves any particular purpose as Dany isn't lesbian, nor is there any plot/character-wise need for such a scene.I don't give a shit if she's gonna be reticent, that scene is important to the viewer to understand she desperately needs companionship in the bedroom. She already amended her contract to have no more nudity and I think we've had enough of her making demands on changing the scenes.
1594	Khal Pono	2013-04-09	I don't give a shit if she's gonna be reticent, that scene is important to the viewer to understand she desperately needs companionship in the bedroom. She already amended her contract to have no more nudity and I think we've had enough of her making demands on changing the scenes.LOL.  That's right. Lay down the law on Emilia, via the Internet. "We've had enough." Who's "we" anyway?One of the silliest posts I've read all day; I hope it was meant as satire.
1595	Drogo_1	2013-04-09	LOL.  That's right. Lay down the law on Emilia, via the Internet. "We've had enough." Who's "we" anyway?One of the silliest posts I've read all day; I hope it was meant as satire.We is me and anyone else who agrees that seeing Emilia naked is a good idea. It was meant as satire but with aspects of truth attached.
1596	Khal Pono	2013-04-09	We is me and anyone else who agrees that seeing Emilia naked is a good idea. It was meant as satire but with aspects of truth attached.If you want to see her naked, rewatch Season 1, or better yet come to NYC where you can see her naked on Broadway during a bathtub scene in a stage adaptation of "Breakfast at Tiffany's"
1597	Drogo_1	2013-04-09	I want to see her naked in new episodes, that follow what GRRM wrote in his books. Obviously I can go back and watch her in the bath in season 1. Or I could take a trip to NYC and watch her play, but I want it to stay true to GRRM's vision. I want to see her get naked with Missandei and Hizdar, and Daario. I want to see her in a tokar with one bare breast out. I want to see her as I pictured her while reading. I dislike when actors don't fully commit to the writer's views.
1598	LordStoneheart	2013-04-10	Well, I don't think Emilia should feel obliged to do sex scenes. That's almost rape. But I do think the sex scene with Irri was important for the book Dany's development as she does think about it a few times later when contemplating getting with Daario. If they include the scene with Missandei in place of Irri, it could work as more than just [insert girl-on-girl scene for our male audience] though few might see it that way. But in no way do I think the actress should have  to do it just because it was in the books.
1599	Drogo_1	2013-04-10	But in no way do I think the actress should have  to do it just because it was in the books.I guess we will have to agree to disagree then.
1600	Alizard Pyre	2013-04-10	As I've just started the book, I discovered Missandei the way she is in the show and i'm perfectly happy with her role so far.
The one thing I thought reading this topic though is: What about all the other characters that are way aged up in the show! Almost every character is 5 to 10 years older that the book alter ego... Bran's supposed to be 8 when he's 12 in the show. Loras is supposed to be arounfd 16, Robb 14, Jon too...
I'm not complaining, I know it would be madness to cast a full set of random youngsters for several years of shooting. Yet I think it would have been better to cast kids for kids roles. To come back on Bran's example, I have no idea how old he's supposed to be later in the books, but on the show his voice and features have clearly changed and I found that a bit bothering... unless there is a time ellipse I missed.
What do you think?
(no spoilers)
1601	insertname	2013-04-10	Yeah, it was a conscious decision to age them all up. Dany had to be at least 18 obviously, and with most of the kids aging them up a few years is a wise decision as well (George himself said he'd make them older if he were to rewrite the books). They just expanded the aging to all characters.
As for the actors being too old for the supposed age in the show, well in some cases like Bran it might strain belief a bit, but it's not too far apart and I'd much rather keep a too-old actor than recast him, especially since most of the child actors fit very good and I doubt they'd find a good replacement.
1602	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	I agree. She's quite attractive and she's way older than the kid in the books.But so are some of the other actors, especially Natalie Dormer.  Natalie Dormer is in her mid 30s playing a person half her age.Not strictly true, she only just turned 31 in feb. Though, I understand your point and I love Dormer as Marg!
1603	LordStoneheart	2013-04-11	Wait, how old is Margaery in the books? She couldn't be too old since it's best to give away your daughters when they're young and in their prime... that sounded so sexist when I typed it, but its Westeros standard.
Also, did it annoy anyone else that her named was pronouced with a J sound (Marjorie) instead of Mar Gay Ree? For a little bit it did, but I love her characterization in the show so it doesn't bother me anymore.
					
					
							Edited by LordStoneheart, 11 April 2013 - 11:23 PM.
1604	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-16	There's so much higher chance of getting a good actor if you aren't casting a child. D&D lucked out with several child actors but as good as Maisie Williams has been as Arya, she was found very late in the process and apparently no other girl had been close to her. It seems smart to make Missandei older since it's a far smaller role and less work can go into casting her. Nothing of real importance will change either and it will be easier to give her actions made by other characters in the books this way.All characters have been aged up as well so in terms of the shows normal standards she'd still be about in her mid teens, so the change is also smaller than it might seem at first glance.Maise is 16, she only looks 12.
1605	gingerpunk	2013-04-24	I want to see her naked in new episodes, that follow what GRRM wrote in his books. Obviously I can go back and watch her in the bath in season 1. Or I could take a trip to NYC and watch her play, but I want it to stay true to GRRM's vision. I want to see her get naked with Missandei and Hizdar, and Daario. I want to see her in a tokar with one bare breast out. I want to see her as I pictured her while reading. I dislike when actors don't fully commit to the writer's views.Just nitpicking. It was the Quartheen gown that bared a breast, not the tokar.I think that the book's scenes between Irri and Dany did serve a purpose in the story and should be included in the show via Dany/Missandei. I also see no difference in portraying gay and straight sex in the media. If one is going to be taboo the other should be held to the same standard and vice versa, otherwise you are pandering to prejudice instead of encouraging acceptance. I suppose there may be other ways to show that Dany is lonely and missing companionship, but this is how it was written and the show is on HBO. Just my two cents.
1606	rmholt	2013-04-25	Well with Missandei they could have found someone who was shorter, slighter and less lumpy. 
	Spoiler  At least in a subsequent episodes they covered her up.
1607	rmholt	2013-04-25	Yeah, it was a conscious decision to age them all up. Dany had to be at least 18 obviously, and with most of the kids aging them up a few years is a wise decision as well (George himself said he'd make them older if he were to rewrite the books). They just expanded the aging to all characters.As for the actors being too old for the supposed age in the show, well in some cases like Bran it might strain belief a bit, but it's not too far apart and I'd much rather keep a too-old actor than recast him, especially since most of the child actors fit very good and I doubt they'd find a good replacement.it is a little unnerving to see and hear Bran change so much over the course of a few days!  Plus his legs dangling from his cart!  Ah well he's becoming hot instead of cute.
1608	LordStoneheart	2013-04-26	Just nitpicking. It was the Quartheen gown that bared a breast, not the tokar.I think that the book's scenes between Irri and Dany did serve a purpose in the story and should be included in the show via Dany/Missandei. I also see no difference in portraying gay and straight sex in the media. If one is going to be taboo the other should be held to the same standard and vice versa, otherwise you are pandering to prejudice instead of encouraging acceptance.I suppose there may be other ways to show that Dany is lonely and missing companionship, but this is how it was written and the show is on HBO. Just my two cents.Are you sure? I remember the tokar as being called floppy ears by Dany and she hated it. I thought it was because of the bare breast.Also, I agree with your point on keeping the same standard for sex scenes. I'm actually surprised they gave Renly and Loras the ones they did, but compared to every sex scene with Theon, Ros, Drogo, and other whores there was definitely a different direction. Side note, Theon and girl on ship was like the most disgusting sex moment for the series.
1609	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	I, like OP, also didnt realise when reading through the first time that Mis was meant to be a child. i picked up on it the second read though, and imagined her very well. but im not too bothered, i mean i knew she would be aged up some, as with everyone else.  i do also think she will be replacing Irri in said scenes....
our new Missandei actually looks exactly like i imagined her to look in the books, aside from the little bit older part
1610	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	I want to see her naked in new episodes, that follow what GRRM wrote in his books. Obviously I can go back and watch her in the bath in season 1. Or I could take a trip to NYC and watch her play, but I want it to stay true to GRRM's vision. I want to see her get naked with Missandei and Hizdar, and Daario. I want to see her in a tokar with one bare breast out. I want to see her as I pictured her while reading. I dislike when actors don't fully commit to the writer's views.wow calm down....im sure we ALL want that /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Kissed~by~Fire, 27 April 2013 - 03:34 AM.
1611	Gendels Children	2013-04-27	Just nitpicking. It was the Quartheen gown that bared a breast, not the tokar.I think that the book's scenes between Irri and Dany did serve a purpose in the story and should be included in the show via Dany/Missandei. I also see no difference in portraying gay and straight sex in the media. If one is going to be taboo the other should be held to the same standard and vice versa, otherwise you are pandering to prejudice instead of encouraging acceptance.I suppose there may be other ways to show that Dany is lonely and missing companionship, but this is how it was written and the show is on HBO. Just my two cents. i agree, i feel the scene also served the purpose of showing us that Dany was indeed growing lustrous the way a growing young person does at that age. it also give reason for some later scenes involving a particular person who we as viewer are yet to meet
1612	teemo	2013-04-02	I only have one male friend that has read the books (up to the end of ASOS), and he says reading the books has totally ruined the show for him (he caught up right before the season started in the books) and that it's driving him crazy.  He despises pretty much all of the changes.  I think he's more angry at the show than I've ever been.  He also said it was "boring with too much useless talking."  He didn't see the point of the Cersei/Tyrion scene at all and really hated Jon Snow's story to Mance.Non book reader friends:My other friend who loves this show had this to say - "Hate to say it, but i didnt think Thrones was good at all last night. Way too much talk, and very little script advancement or excitement. I dont need to touch base with everyone. Just show me something to look forward to. It was a bad episode. The scope of the stories is really too big to cover all the characters but they try to anyways. I dont know the book, but the 5minute scene with Sansa and little finger at the dock seemed completely unnecessary."My friend and her husband who absolutely love this show and re-watched season 2 like five times actually used the word "hate."  They hated it!  Her words, "It was too slow.  It was too boring, and I found myself not caring about many of the newer characters."  Her husband said, "It left no impact on me like the usual episode and was really underwhelming for a premiere.  And the dialogue felt weak to me."I'm really surprised how much my friends are disliking it.  I thought it was way better than the premiere from season 2, and I'm usually the one to get all upset about episodes. I LIKED this episode! :\Predictions - what predictions do your friends/family have?  My friend is convinced that Jon will totally break his vows and become a full-fledged wildling.  I haven't gotten a lot of other predictions out of them yet, but curious to see what other users' friends on here are predicting /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 02 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
1613	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-02	Yeah i've heard a few people mention that this episode was a bit too talky, but i mean come on, its the season opener, and when you look back at the season 2 opener, I mean there was pretty much the same amount of talking. Some predictions I've heard have been things like Bronn getting the old sword to the head, and Bran regaining his legs, now I can't wait to see their faces when the final few episodes air /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
1614	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-02	Huh. One of my friends said it was a bit boring, but she didn't seem to hate it. I guess we have to explain to people that such slow openers are generally needed to establish the groundwork for the season.
Another friend once told me that he predicted that not only would Sam become a total badass, but the Hound would join the NW and be one of the top dogs there. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
I guess what people need to realise is that since the show is an adaptation of a series of novels, the beginning will always be slow-paced, as introducing and establishing new characters is essential to the story. When you take that into consideration, you won't be disappointed. I, for one, enjoyed the episode. It seemed to fit right in with the last 2 seasons.
BTW, I was reading the comments on the AV Club's review, and people still seem to miss Renly. Hell, some of them even said he was one of the most likeable characters on the show......
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 02 April 2013 - 05:50 AM.
1615	kevin1989	2013-04-02	No one complaint here, they loved it. With some little complaints. One said that the pacing was much better than last season that he felt was more for the mainstream viewer and that this season is back on track like the first season. I think it helped with them that I said that Arya, Bran and Jaime weren't in the episode.
People forget that GOT is a show that is building up to something big. Like reading above the scene with Littlefinger and Sansa is one of the most important scenes for the future.
Personally I think that there are many fewers that are more for the average TV show than shows like GOT.
1616	Reposado	2013-04-02	ive heard people mostly not liking it, and i can see why.
in the first episode of a season, you have to give people something interesting. this didnt. you have to start with a bang, not that botched sam scene that made as much sense as a walking dead scene. where was he running from? too? how did all those guys show up suddenly, walking at a languid pace, and then they had time to stop and lecture? are they supposed to be escaping? that sat a bad tone for most people.
1617	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	To be fair, Renly IS one of the most likeable characters. In both the show and the book. The overall importance I feel from him is he represents who WOULD have been the peoples king, the quickest to achieve peace(having so much support, being willing to negotiate, being charismatic and attractive which both go a LONG way in securing loyalty, etc.) and whose death was ultimately tragic... tragic for the whole of Westeros.
As to the show itself. It's hilarious, I highly disliked last night's episode, but it was better than 80% of season two IMO.
But all my show friends who LOVED season two, for whatever reason(frankly, even without the book, it's pretty fucking terrible), all hated the opening episode of season three.
My Facebook was loaded with WALKING DEAD DISAPPOINTED, GAME OF THRONES DISAPPOINTED: WASTE OF A NIGHT esque statuses.
I think the episode may be more popular as more episodes are released though. Most Game of Thrones fans, book readers or not, tend to marathon the show. I have one friend specifically who watches ALL of season one in one go about once every month or two as if it was a ten hour movie. And everyone else seems to enjoy watching entire shows in the course of a week when they can, thanks to Netflix. So... maybe the critical opinions will improve when people can see the whole product? Oh well.
And a final note: I don't know a single person who WASN'T disgusted by the major copout with the Fist of the First Men. Nor do I know anyone who gave a flying fuck about all the time wasted on Cersei/Marg/Joff at the end. (or at least, anyone who wanted all that in the FIRST episode)
					
					
							Edited by The Mountain That Posts, 02 April 2013 - 07:35 AM.
1618	Bayard	2013-04-02	Hm, this is bad news, if people didn't like it. To me it looked better than Season 2 without a doubt. The pacing was there... except Bron at the brothel, there were no useless scenes. I don't understand people who complain that this is a soap opera, or that there are too many discussions. That's exactly how Season 1 was, why did they like it then??? Anyway, episode 2 will be probably the same as 1, but then... the ball starts rolling. We have Jaime in episode 3, Astapor in episode 4, 2 weddings for episode 8 and 9, Mhysa in 10... I am sure they found some good endings for episodes 5,6 and 7. For example, the Hound and Beric, the climb over the wall, Jon and Summer, the Boy's name after Theon's escape. So many good things this season. I as a reader of ASOIAF I am still cautious, but it's impossible for non-readers to be disappointed.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 02 April 2013 - 08:28 AM.
1619	Hear me Meow	2013-04-02	Everyone I know who watched it liked it.
1620	shiola	2013-04-02	I only have one show-watching friend who did not read the books.  He...
- Liked the Bronn scene
- Likes Shae
- Had no fucking idea what happened at Harrenhal, and I was kind of at a loss to explain it until it came on here
- Loved the Tyrion/Cersei and Tyrion/Tywin scenes
Overall he liked it.  He didn't say what he thought about the opening scene and other things people complain about on here (and things I also complained about) and I didn't ask because I don't want to point out what I disliked and ruin it for him.
1621	victim	2013-04-02	All my non-book reader friends loved it. And all my book reader friends loved it. Perhaps you just have terrible friends.
					
					
							Edited by victim, 02 April 2013 - 09:32 AM.
1622	Linaria	2013-04-02	My boyfriend usually prefers series full of action, but after this episode he said "It's interesting how they made this episode so exciting, without any kind of action - only talk", so he still loves it even though it's a bit slow sometimes. He has not read the books and I usually don't tell him too much about the differences.
1623	Sky Cell Dwalf	2013-04-02	Everyone I watched it with loved it and like everyone else has said I thought it was a much better start then season 2. I was surprised that my Dad a non book reader was almost as excited to see Barristan Selmy as I was even with the disappointment of no Strong Belwas.
1624	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-02	Haven't talked to anyone about it yet, but i think this season might be better than season 2 (which isn't much of an accomplishment unfortunately). Still, there was that zombie idiocy at the beginning, and a lot of mediocre acting. The only scenes i can say i liked was Tywin's speech to Tyrion (pretty much the way i imagined it, and Charles Dance fckin rocks Tywin) and the Unsullied /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Men sure dont need nipples.
1625	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	I don't understand people who complain that this is a soap opera, or that there are too many discussions. That's exactly how Season 1 was, why did they like it then???Because season one was actually, you know, good. And stayed fairly close to the original text. (not close enough, but close enough giving ten hours and the limited budget + limited cast)
1626	Nezzer	2013-04-02	What's wrong with your friends? Have they started to watch the show in the third season without having watched the first two? Because the show has always been like this. This is not Spartacus.
1627	Pickman's Model	2013-04-02	I watched the show with my father (non-reader) and he enjoyed the episode. He seemed to like the cinematography and thought the pacing was much better than the previous season. Also, I know some people have worried that Roose hasn't been creepy/memorable enough to catch viewers' eyes yet, but my father pegged Roose as "not to be trusted" immediately after the Harrenhal scene.
1628	BananaSpice	2013-04-02	My friends and family think that I'm way too into Game of Thrones /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1629	int11	2013-04-02	Me: The general consensus among the reviews I've read is that the season has a slow start, but overall it's the best season yet.
Non-reading guys in my viewing party: Really? I thought the episode was very cool.
1630	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-02	My friend who didn't read the books too carefully (first 2) seems to be confused as to why Davos was arrested - and the entire role of Red Woman. Somehow he also got impression that Stannis wanted to kill her in previous season for killing Renly...
1631	cybobbie	2013-04-02	In my family the ones that watched the show on the premiere didn't read the books, but they enjoyed the first episode a lot. They got a bit lost regarding what happened in Harrenhal, and I said that since it's an adaptation and it didn't happened like that in the books (I don't like to compare the show and the books too much for them, because they say they will read it, well who knows when...) I could only guess that Tywin army or the Mountain killed all the prisioners when they left. As non book readers, they didn't care much for Robb and Cat interactions, since they never had the chance to know the book character, so no complaints about her or Mance or anyother character. They were really surprised, in a very good way, with the Astapor scene, I mean they really wan't to know if Dany will get the army and how it will come. One thing that called my attention is that they  asked me about Barristan, I mean they didn't really recalled him at first.
1632	Nezzer	2013-04-02	I watched the show with my father (non-reader) and he enjoyed the episode. He seemed to like the cinematography and thought the pacing was much better than the previous season. Also, I know some people have worried that Roose hasn't been creepy/memorable enough to catch viewers' eyes yet, but my father pegged Roose as "not to be trusted" immediately after the Harrenhal scene.Yeah, the camera focused on Roose for like an entire minute and later he gave Robb the "evil eye" after leaving the scene. Classic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1633	kevin1989	2013-04-02	All my non-book reader friends loved it. And all my book reader friends loved it. Perhaps you just have terrible friends.[img]http://i.qkme.me/3on5c8.jpg[/img]Sorry couldn't resist it ^^Because season one was actually, you know, good. And stayed fairly close to the original text. (not close enough, but close enough giving ten hours and the limited budget + limited cast)Please say that again, but leave the stayed fairly close to the original text out, it's getting anoyed that people only complain because of the books, yes they are better and amazing. But the show is the show. If you dislike the show, dislike it because you dislike the show not because they didn't copy paste the books.I watched the show with my father (non-reader) and he enjoyed the episode. He seemed to like the cinematography and thought the pacing was much better than the previous season. Also, I know some people have worried that Roose hasn't been creepy/memorable enough to catch viewers' eyes yet, but my father pegged Roose as "not to be trusted" immediately after the Harrenhal scene.True, the pacing was great and the cinematography. And great that he saw that with Roose. I think that everyone that pays attention sees that Roose dislikes Robb very much.My friend who didn't read the books too carefully (first 2) seems to be confused as to why Davos was arrested - and the entire role of Red Woman. Somehow he also got impression that Stannis wanted to kill her in previous season for killing Renly...Can happen, not everybody watches the episodes before the next season airs, and there's so much going on in GoT that you can easily forget things from last season or interpreted things differently. I think he forget the last shot with Stannis watching the flames.
1634	Hellfell	2013-04-02	My mother enjoyed the episode and she is not a book reader. She said that storylines were nicely set up for upcoming episodes.
1635	Howdyphillip	2013-04-02	One of my friends actually put a stopwatch on and then complained that it took 15 minutes to see boobs. I looked at him like he was crazy and he actually told me that HBO was screwing up the show by not showing more sex and violence. I would have understood his perspective if I were a 12 year old boy, but as adults, I found his comments ridiculous.
He will not be coming back over for episode 2. The rest of the full house that I had on Sunday night enjoyed the show immensely.
1636	Titan	2013-04-02	The biggest confusion from my friends (all non-reader) that I chatted with on Monday were the scenes at Harrenhall. Most assumed that Robb was back at Winterfell. 
But everyone seemed to enjoy it!
1637	teemo	2013-04-02	What's wrong with your friends? Have they started to watch the show in the third season without having watched the first two? Because the show has always been like this. This is not Spartacus.I guess they just suck. They all loved season 2 for the most part, but in general everyone I talked to was so disappointed with this premiere...even some non-friends that I talked to...I can't find anyone that REALLY liked it...except me...the one common complaint was the opening.  maybe it just turned a lot of people off from the rest of the episode.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 02 April 2013 - 09:31 PM.
1638	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-02	Here are some thoughts that I got from people I know:
- ending season 2 with the Others coming and start season 3 with the battle on a blank screen was a big let down
- many like the giant scene in Mance's camp, but why Tormund so serious?
- two people talking in a scene is getting tedious, but Tywin/Tyrion scene is good
- why Robb treated his mother that way when he himself did something wrong (marrying Talisa they meant)?
- Astapor scene is good - the dragons and the Unsullied were awesome; some joked Ser Barry looked like a Jedi knight and that thing he killed looked liked a scorpion droid
- good start for the season, though some missed Arya, Bran, the Hound, Jaime, etc...
1639	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-02	Everyone I know who watched it liked it.Same.Yeah, the camera focused on Roose for like an entire minute and later he gave Robb the "evil eye" after leaving the scene. Classic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Yiss. Roose camera lock was epic. Fuck yeah, Roose. Its about TIME!!!My mum went off about how shes really interested in what Jon is gonna end up doing. She really liked the dialogue between him and Mance. (i did too, to be honest.) Shes wondering if he actually really did turn instead of just faking it. Of course shes predicted that Jon and Ygritte get it on. Anyone with eyes can see that Marg makes Cersei squirm, so some "oh shes gonna get right under the queen's skin..." was said. I think my mum thinks that Marg could turn Joff away from his mother. Everyone else i know was all "Omfg dragons." and pretty "whoa" with the Unsullied. Lots of hope for Dany's arc by non-readers.The Robb/Cat scene confused some peeps. Hell, it confused me at first until i realized what was going on here. But i think my mum and dad both forgot about Roose. (even after i pointed him out during the catch up marathons they were doing.)Qyburn....(i had to point him out to my mum. "Not a good guy....")Overall, peeps were happy with it. Some of my friends were like "wheres Arya and Jaime?" and im like "next week. gawd." and lots of "What happened to Theon?" was being asked. lol...Theon....they'll find out...
1640	teemo	2013-04-02	Another friend once told me that he predicted that not only would Sam become a total badass, but the Hound would join the NW and be one of the top dogs there. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />that's made me laugh out loud...but it's a thoughtful prediction...
1641	Zios	2013-04-02	Forced Robb scenes so more people give a hoot about the RW.  Two non readers I know couldn't care less about Robb since he doesn't do anything impactful in the tv series.  Cant blame them really.
1642	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	My girlfriend said she was worried that Shae is going to end up being killed in front of Tyrion and it is going to be horrible to watch.
And you know... she's sort of correct in that guess /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1643	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-02	My girlfriend said she was worried that Shae is going to end up being killed in front of Tyrion and it is going to be horrible to watch.And you know... she's sort of correct in that guess /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />LOL! Too bad that scene won't be this season. Just imagine the sweet surprise awaiting her.
1644	tito5601	2013-04-02	my friends still get confused with all the characters and names of places they do complain alot that almost every battle isnt shown they understand one or two battles wont be shown but blackwater was the only one
they shouldbve atleast shown one battle with robb stark where hes actually fighting, all we see is him returning with the kingslayer and another where his wolf attacks a lannister last season
1645	Mark Antony	2013-04-02	I watched with my brother and a couple of my friends. All non book readers and they all loved it more than me lol. If only they knew the what the real Battle of the Fist of the First Men was like. 
It helped a lot that the Walking Dead Finale was kinda meh and Game of Thrones really out shined it.
1646	teemo	2013-04-02	my friends still get confused with all the characters and names of places they do complain alot that almost every battle isnt shown they understand one or two battles wont be shown but blackwater was the only onewow....you are right o.O
1647	Sun	2013-04-02	My non-readers - everyone in my circle is a nonreader - thought it was OK. They liked it, but didn't love it. They were excited for the season because they felt the premier episode was setting up for something big,
Some questions posed about the ep:
Why was Sam alive?
Why were the NW brothers alive? How did they escape the Zombi army? Where is the Zombi army now? (I asked them to think of it a s a cliffhanger reset, and let it go)
Where's Robb? That doesn't look like Winterfell. Why is he at Harrenhal? Where did the Northmen come from? (that confused me as well, tbh)
Who's the little girl trying to Kill Dany? How did she get to Slaver's bay? How did she know where Dany was going? (That was easy to explain)
Where did Dany get the money to buy an army? (I told them to wait and see)
There was some confusion about the amount of time passed since last season, which I explained by saying that it looked like a different amount of time had passed for each arc, and not to dwell on it too long.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 03 April 2013 - 12:00 AM.
1648	Woman of War	2013-04-03	We were a group of very different ages, friends and family, who had met for the event with beer and not mulled wine. All had tremendously enjoyed the first two seasons but most weren't book readers, making me the missionary. After watching the new episode all of those so far unconvinced wanted to start with the books.
The non readers don't have any problems with Shae and Ros, actually many like those two characters. Since we all are immoral Europeans /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> no one has problems with  "sexposition", on the contrary, the secret behind that piece of cloth was a source for vivid debate, for m and f. 
And the Tyrion/Tywin scene came over just as epic and hateful as it was in the books when I first read it, supported by that incredible Dutch Masters' or even Caravaggio light management.
Talisa and Robb is dismissed as the conventional romantic love story that has to be in everywhere. And female watchers get angry because (after we told them that it is a bit different in the books) the script writers seem to believe that "the girls" only are interested if they get their share of romance. 
All of us are highly drawn to the politics and intrigue aspect, being interested in politics (they are my friends) in RL as well., they expect more to come and miss Varys dearly.
We  really enjoy the actors' achievements for their own sake and Peter Dinklage and his character have become one in the mind of all non reading show fans around me. In general I think that the character Tyrion is perceived differently in Europe than he is in these forums, by readers as by non readers, he is, even in the books, far more accepted in his twisted greyness and loved for his complexity, maybe a bit of transatlantic cultural clash (or being not so young anymore makes more forgiving /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ). Charles Dance is breathtaking, as are Lena Headey and Michelle Fairley. And Emilia Clarke has a special place in the heart of both my male and female friends. The "lost in translation" scene was big fun for  readers as much as non readers. But no non reader understands why the HBO Jon gets so much attention: that boy is just dumb and boring: wait what will become of him? Haha, Ygritte's bedwarmer as long as he keeps his mouth shut which he does anyways. My friends love Sam as character in the North.
Overall no one complained about the episode being too slow, people valued the details, the light and everyone wants to have his or her own little dragon by now, at least all BBQ fans.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 03 April 2013 - 01:29 AM.
1649	Titan	2013-04-03	Oops!
					
					
							Edited by Titan, 03 April 2013 - 01:19 AM.
1650	Rayn	2013-04-03	My friends thought it was alright, nothing special. They were confused with the opening scene, most of them thought the nights watch won the battle. Most couldn't give a crap about Robb, they REALLY screwed up his character :/
1651	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-03	Those that haven't read the books, or don't remember much, loved it. One friend who's read the books thinks the TV series has been rushing through the story too fast right from S1E1. And he's right. Most of us would prefer 12 Episode seasons, including GRRM.
1652	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-03	- Astapor scene is good - the dragons and the Unsullied were awesome; some joked Ser Barry looked like a Jedi knight and that thing he killed looked liked a scorpion droidtrue that the first clear shot of Barrstan (him pulling back his hood) looked a lot like the first clear shot of Obi-Wan Kenobi in New Hope /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1653	TheButcherCrow	2013-04-03	This is not Spartacus.That should be the tagline on all the season 3 posters, srsly.
1654	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-03	My non-book-reading friends are kinda meh about it, and they have been since season 1. But there are many nuances from the book that are either omitted or impossible to televise that I couldn't possibly explain to them in their entirety so they don't get my obsession with ASOIAF.
My mom loved it, but I had to explain a lot of things to her especially Harrenhal and Dragonstone. 
I actually liked the S3 premiere, although I had gripes with the characterizations (some were really off) and some deviations. I like the added Margaery scenes and hope that the non-canon Theon scenes will also be awesome.    
CGI - very good for a TV production.
Cinematography - also good.
I think I need a rewatch of past seasons which are all a blur now.
1655	Maxthestig	2013-04-03	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qvlBijz1-MAThis is our reviewYou have to understand that changes are needed. Like the Barristan Selmy reveal can't work on TV.I've read all the books and it hasn't spoilt it for me. The only thing I wish is that I could be purged of my knowledge whilst watching it. So everything is new and surprising.Some of the changes are great. Like Tywin and Arya. You get to see a side of Tywin not in the books.What do you think ?
1656	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	I can't help feeling that anyone who feels that ANY episode is "too talky" is maybe watching the wrong show. Am I being too harsh? In my opinion, dialogue was one of the best things about Martin's books, and talented actors like Bean, Dinklage, Dance and Clarke have brought those moments to life. Take this episodes Tyrion/Tywin scene for example. The confrontation between Cersei and Ned in Seaon 1. Tyrion reeling in his fellow councillors to route out his enemies, or Catlyn's confrontation with Jamie, in season 2.
And then there are the moments that weren't even in the books, but have been conjured up by the TV show with just as much gravity and depth as if they'd come from Martin himself. Robert's half drunk first kill rant with Barristan and Jamie springs to mind, or the unexpected moment of clarity between him and Cersei. Arya's banter with Tywin in season 2. Yes there's a little bit of waffle in between, you can't have incredibly powerful emotions and dialogue in every scene, and its the same in Martin's books. This story is about characters, and the interplay between them. How can that be expressed if not through dialoge?
Game of Thrones is not for everyone, but I can't help feeling that criticising an episode for being "too talky" is asking to much of this, and indeed almost any TV show.
1657	Conchobar	2013-04-03	Everyone I know enjoyed the episode, some loved it and felt it was a return to form. I think people are being far too negative on here to be honest. From the reviews I have heard from people like Elio and others, the first episode isn't particularly special compared to the other three. Just have some patience.
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 03 April 2013 - 07:06 AM.
1658	Pickman's Model	2013-04-03	Yeah, the camera focused on Roose for like an entire minute and later he gave Robb the "evil eye" after leaving the scene. Classic /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Har! That is true, despite his limited screen time, Michael McElhatton has proved to be a master of staring disapprovingly at his young and politically inept king. He certainly has the right eyes to be playing Roose.Another thing I've noticed since speaking with friends of mine who only watch the show is that many of them seem confused about the assassin in Astapor. They apparently didn't realize that there were more warlocks than Pyat Pree (which seems understandable to me since, in season 2, there weren't), so they didn't get who was trying to kill Dany now that he has been bbqed.I haven't had anyone complain to me about excessive talking, yet.
					
					
							Edited by Daggers in the Dark, 03 April 2013 - 10:24 AM.
1659	Lady KotLT	2013-04-03	My family, all non-readers, enjoyed the episode.Main talking points of the episode in my house:They were a little confused as to what happened on the Fist, my Mum and brother thought the Nights Watch won the battle, my dad was "waiting for the big army of wights from the end of season 2 to attack them". I explained that it happened and that was what the noise at the start with the black screen and then said "oh the Nights watch won then"!??My mum and brother both think Marg is a lovely girl and is really nice for looking after the orphans. To quote my mum "So what if she playing the Game well as long she is nice to the children".Tywin is horrible and "Aww poor Tyrion" but incredible scene!Where is Brienne and Jamie and Arya????? Will they be in it next week?Loved Dany and the dragonsThey weren't sure why Robb was so angry with his mum either.All looking forward to episode 2!
1660	kevin1989	2013-04-03	about NW won, how can you think that? Mormont said that if they don't go back to the wall, everybody will die. How does that say they won????
1661	Darryk	2013-04-03	Really don't know what people mean when they say "too talky"
is it just that people are used to generic hollywood films where there's all action and no substance?
I'll take a slow build-up and dialogue-heavy material over that any day.
1662	The Monkey	2013-04-03	Everyone I've talked to loved it, although there seems to be some confusion about the Unsullied. Non-book readers think Dany has already bought them, and asked me how she got the money to buy them.
1663	teemo	2013-04-03	I think it's weird that I have friends calling it "too talky" but loved almost all of season 1 and 2 and even bought and re-watched them...it's like, what were you watching?
1664	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	Seriously, how can book reader like this episode?
It was disappointing on so many ends i don't even know where to begin, but lets give it a try.
Is this how you pictured Mance Raider? He was just standing there, like Stannis... Most disappointing part of the episode
Battle at the FOTM /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> just sad
Neither Val, Dalla or the Magnar... When, how or are they even gonna be introduced?!
Jon and Ghost parting, did Ghost at some point take his NW vows and i didn't notice it? Oo
No Strong Belwas... I guess they are just gonna let Daario do some of his stuff :/
Sansa&LF scene... Why did they even introduce Ser Dontos in season2, what was the point of that?
Ros being LF's 'Hand of the Pimp', i mean... just how?
Just to name the most disappointing parts of this episode, as a reader.
*edit: forgot one
					
					
							Edited by nyos, 03 April 2013 - 02:14 PM.
1665	teemo	2013-04-03	Ros being LF's 'Hand of the Pimp', i mean... just how? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1666	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	Anyone that complains about certain characters not being in an episode is definitely not a reader since us pour souls waited freaking 10 years for some character PoVs in the novels! 10 years!!
Most people I know thought it was decent, some thought it was very good.
1667	Nezzer	2013-04-03	Seriously, how can book reader like this episode?It was disappointing on so many ends i don't even know where to begin, but lets give it a try.Is this how you pictured Mance Raider? He was just standing there, like Stannis... Most disappointing part of the episodeBattle at the FOTM /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> just sadNeither Val, Dalla or the Magnar... When, how or are they even gonna be introduced?!Jon and Ghost parting, did Ghost at some point take his NW vows and i didn't notice it? OoNo Strong Belwas... I guess they are just gonna let Daario do some of his stuff :/Sansa&LF scene... Why did they even introduce Ser Dontos in season2, what was the point of that?Ros being LF's 'Hand of the Pimp', i mean... just how?Just to name the most disappointing parts of this episode, as a reader.*edit: forgot oneMaybe some book readers are not purists. Maybe some don't want the show to be a carbon copy of the book. Maybe some actually understand what an adaptation is. And maybe some just don't care about changes if they are well done.
1668	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	Maybe some book readers are not purists. Maybe some don't want the show to be a carbon copy of the book. Maybe some actually understand what an adaptation is. And maybe some just don't care about changes if they are well done.I might adopt this for my signature!
1669	Nezzer	2013-04-03	I might adopt this for my signature!Ha! I always think what I said is pure shit after I post it, but then sometimes someone thinks it's golden. Mayhaps I shit gold then /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 03 April 2013 - 03:44 PM.
1670	Sun	2013-04-03	I should add;
Poor Robb's been shafted by the show. No one in my circle gives a toss about him. They're all already assuming that he's lost the war and is totally screwed.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 03 April 2013 - 03:44 PM.
1671	Nezzer	2013-04-03	I should add;Poor Robb's been shafted by the show. No one in my circle gives a toss about him. They're all already assuming that he's lost the war and is totally screwed.The only non-readers I've seen thinking that were the Unsullied at TWOP. Most non-readers I've seen on the internet are rooting for the Starks, Robb especially. He's still got a lot of fans. I think he's in the top 5 of the non-readers, right after Dany, Tyrion and Jon, who are definately the top 3.
1672	Abaddon	2013-04-03	Everyone we had over enjoyed it at least as much as I did.
I think it's funny that someone would note that both GoT and Walking Dead "disappointed" last night.  Last night was the Walking Dead SEASON FINALE.  You can't compare it to the first episode of a new season.
I think the show is suffering a bit from its own hype.  People have been waiting a year and the anticipation was so high it's like people are expecting "Blackwater" level stuff again, right off the bat.  Additionally, some likely also felt left out when their favorite characters didn't make the first episode cut.  These reactions are natural and should be expected, and aren't an issue with the episode per se.  They're an "issue" (if you can even call it that) with the format.
I think there were a few things that could have been better managed that would have made the impressions slightly better.  But overall, I think a lot of this is just people buying into the hype a little too much.  From what we've heard I would wager the reactions are going to be much more positive around Episode 4's end.  After that we don't really know, but there are so many amazing unexpected things that happen in the book that I think people are going to be by and large blown away.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 03 April 2013 - 03:54 PM.
1673	Darryk	2013-04-03	Maybe some book readers are not purists. Maybe some don't want the show to be a carbon copy of the book. Maybe some actually understand what an adaptation is. And maybe some just don't care about changes if they are well done.This
1674	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-03	about NW won, how can you think that? Mormont said that if they don't go back to the wall, everybody will die. How does that say they won????Well, the Ranger force was from the beginnign presented as recon-by-force. Now they know what they are against. Or so we are supposed to believe, based on... Nothing, really. Okay, there was one dead ranger. And one wight. And about 13 folks from NW and a direwolf. Then some talk about ravens - but what with them? Did the wights eat them? Did they freeze to death? Did Sam forget them somewhere? There simply is not much sense of urgency there (esp. as they are jsut standing in the blizzard, having a conversation).
1675	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-03	Maybe some book readers are not purists. Maybe some don't want the show to be a carbon copy of the book. Maybe some actually understand what an adaptation is. And maybe some just don't care about changes if they are well done.Yes I am one of the latter: "just don't care about changes if they are well done."I just hate when the changes undermine a character.  ie Sam being berated for not getting a raven off.  My family (non book readers) was devistated, sad faces turned to me "sam didn't get the ravens off?!"I was like "Yes he did!  Something to the effect of: attacked at the fist, retreating to the wall."My sister was like "Why did they change it?!"My response was "clunky storytelling?"  LOL.there's really no other way to explain the opening...Everyone we had over enjoyed it at least as much as I did.I think it's funny that someone would note that both GoT and Walking Dead "disappointed" last night.  Last night was the Walking Dead SEASON FINALE.  You can't compare it to the first episode of a new season.I think the show is suffering a bit from its own hype.  People have been waiting a year and the anticipation was so high it's like people are expecting "Blackwater" level stuff again, right off the bat.  Additionally, some likely also felt left out when their favorite characters didn't make the first episode cut.  These reactions are natural and should be expected, and aren't an issue with the episode per se.  They're an "issue" (if you can even call it that) with the format.I think there were a few things that could have been better managed that would have made the impressions slightly better.  But overall, I think a lot of this is just people buying into the hype a little too much.  From what we've heard I would wager the reactions are going to be much more positive around Episode 4's end.  After that we don't really know, but there are so many amazing unexpected things that happen in the book that I think people are going to be by and large blown away. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Def a victim of it's own hype.  I was good about keeping my expectations a bit low after reading the initial reactions to episode 1, but tbh I really enjoyed it.  As pointed out up-thread, it's tons better than Season 2 episode 1.Another quick thought on book deviations:  Someone had said upthread that we don't want a carbon copy of the book (word for word), but I would counter with the fact that it seems the most successful scenes in the show are ripped almost verbatim from the page (ie Tyrion and Tywin) IMHO.  GRRM as an experienced screenplay writer is especially deft at crafting dialogue and many deviations have been seen as some serious missteps. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> GRRM...  Chk out his other work like Sandkings, or Tuf Voyaging, he's a literary genius lol. My family pretty much hates Cat, my mom can't stop asking if Jaime and Cersei will be reunited /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> , and Bronn is my bro's fav character lol.  (all non-book readers).  And none of them recognized Barristan Selmy LOL.
1676	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-03	I am no purist, and i understand some of the changes. But i have to say, the first season is by far the best, and it basically is a carbon copy. Season 2 on the other hand is a massive decline compared to it's predecessor, and a huge reason for that are retarded deviations from the plot. To be fair, i think you can make a succesful adaptation with a lot of changes, it's just that D&D suck at it.
1677	Darryk	2013-04-03	Yes I am one of the latter: "just don't care about changes if they are well done."I just hate when the changes undermine a character.  ie Sam being berated for not getting a raven off.  My family (non book readers) was devistated, sad faces turned to me "sam didn't get the ravens off?!"I was like "Yes he did!  Something to the effect of: attacked at the fist, retreating to the wall."People are really jumping the gun with this and the "what about Sam the slayer" complaint IMO.There's still time for a scene where Sam heroically dashes back to release the ravens somehow, still time for an encounter between him and a white walker so he can become "the Slayer" Wait for the season to be done before judging book deviations, the writers may just be moving stuff around to increase dramatic effect.IE. have Sam be berated by Commander Mormont for not releasing the ravens, THEN have him resolve to find a way to release the ravens, despite the danger of going back to camp after it's been obliterated by white walkers, granting the act even more weight because of that and because we saw him get berated for not doing it.If that happens, will the writers get credit for increasing the dramatic impact of an already powerful character arc, or will they just be criticized by fanatics for not doing everything in the exact order it happened in the book?
1678	Arale	2013-04-03	The 3 people I usually watch the show with (all of them non-readers) enjoyed the premiere quite a lot, although they were a bit disappointed by the lack of Arya and were pretty confused by the situation at Harrenhall. They understood that the episode was meant to lay the foundations for big events to come, and expect the next episode to be pretty much like this one, but focusing on the charactes we haven't seen yet (Theon, Brienne, etc.) They mostly apreciated the Tywin-Tyrion scene and all the Dany scenes. They are very excited about the Unsullied and they're totally convinced Dany will be in Westeros with her big army by the end of the season....sweet summer children... /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1679	Francisco R. Fonseca	2013-04-03	I did ask my dad, who rewatched S1-2 before his predictions and they were....interesting, wrong lol, but interesting. This was a couple months back so I forget them exactly. My parents are big fans of it though.
1680	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-03	Oh trust me, Robb's still a fan favourite. That scene in the new episode didn't do as much damage to his character as some people claim.
1681	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	Ha! I always think what I said is pure shit after I post it, but then sometimes someone thinks it's golden. Mayhaps I shit gold then /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Let's not get ahead of ourselves now /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1682	TheDarkOne	2013-04-04	The biggest challenge I see from most people I know is there confusion over who is good, bad etc. While I find it delightful that there is ambiguity to ever character, this isn't the preferred narrative of the general public.
As I've said before, the big event everyone is looking forward to this year could send a lot of the general public away in frustration.
it's also of note that when you set up a cliff hanger like last year, and then do absolutely nothing to resolve it in a satisfying way to the general viewer, it again asks a lot. Mots of the people I know not familiar with the books all had the same question, how did Sam get out of the jam he was in? It's unthinkable how poorly this was handled.
1683	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-04	I found the resolution to last season's cliffhanger quite baffling as well. In fact, it wasn't even clear what happened to the rest of the NW, when we saw Mormont et all setting Sam's wight on fire. Of course, the survivors looked a bit bloodied, so it was probably indicative of some fight they'd been in, but apart from that, the terror of the prologue and its follow up chapters just didn't come through. If the White Walkers had to be shown, they might as well have been shown doing something menacing, rather than just lead an army of lazy wights and exchanging a meaningful glance with Sam.They had the budget to do the CGI for the wights and a couple of White Walkers last season, but I think it would have been better utilized actually showing them at the Fist of the First Men, just like in the book (cutting out the Chett plot, of course). Something like this, starting that sequence of scenes with Sam/Grenn/Edd sitting around a fire and fumbling around as usual, with a lot of tents around, a few people walking around, standing guard, etc, and then all of them reacting to the three blasts... and in S3ep1 they could have shown a lot of corpses (is that very expensive? I doubt that) and the survivors fleeing the scene - no battle necessary. Involvement of Sam was totally unnecessary.I also don't see why Sam had to screw up his task of sending the ravens (it could have been done if they'd done the FoFM differently), maybe he is going to send the ravens that reach Stannis, out from Craster's Keep after the mutiny (feels stupid though). It just feels like they started making Jon and Sam both complete nincompoops since the last season, with a plan to make then super heroes in ugly-duckling-turned-swan kind of storylines. They're really not that incompetent.
					
					
							Edited by Nobody of the canals, 04 April 2013 - 03:26 AM.
1684	kevin1989	2013-04-04	Well, the Ranger force was from the beginnign presented as recon-by-force. Now they know what they are against. Or so we are supposed to believe, based on... Nothing, really. Okay, there was one dead ranger. And one wight. And about 13 folks from NW and a direwolf. Then some talk about ravens - but what with them? Did the wights eat them? Did they freeze to death? Did Sam forget them somewhere? There simply is not much sense of urgency there (esp. as they are jsut standing in the blizzard, having a conversation).So that Jon goes to the fist doesn't mean that we know how many dead's their where? it's still 1 dead NW and 1 dead wights. Even if you see more bodys?@Ser andrew tarth: His job was still, the ravens when something happen. Who said that he doesn't release them next episode?
1685	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	People are really jumping the gun with this and the "what about Sam the slayer" complaint IMO.There's still time for a scene where Sam heroically dashes back to release the ravens somehow, still time for an encounter between him and a white walker so he can become "the Slayer"Wait for the season to be done before judging book deviations, the writers may just be moving stuff around to increase dramatic effect.IE. have Sam be berated by Commander Mormont for not releasing the ravens, THEN have him resolve to find a way to release the ravens, despite the danger of going back to camp after it's been obliterated by white walkers, granting the act even more weight because of that and because we saw him get berated for not doing it.If that happens, will the writers get credit for increasing the dramatic impact of an already powerful character arc, or will they just be criticized by fanatics for not doing everything in the exact order it happened in the book?I said nothing about "Sam the Slayer", please read a post before you respond to it...  I bet you twenty bucks Sam will not"find a way to release the ravens, despite the danger of going back to camp after it's been obliterated by white walkers, granting the act even more weight because of that and because we saw him get berated for not doing it."The remaining NW are not even on horseback as in the book, nor do they have cages full of ravens.  Unless the show is altering the story that the NW beat all of the WW's and wights on the attack of the fist, which is possible, but stupid.  If that were the case Mormont wouldn't be complaining about the ravens not being sent...I found the resolution to last season's cliffhanger quite baffling as well. In fact, it wasn't even clear what happened to the rest of the NW, when we saw Mormont et all setting Sam's wight on fire. Of course, the survivors looked a bit bloodied, so it was probably indicative of some fight they'd been in, but apart from that, the terror of the prologue and its follow up chapters just didn't come through. If the White Walkers had to be shown, they might as well have been shown doing something menacing, rather than just lead an army of lazy wights and exchanging a meaningful glance with Sam.They had the budget to do the CGI for the wights and a couple of White Walkers last season, but I think it would have been better utilized actually showing them at the Fist of the First Men, just like in the book (cutting out the Chett plot, of course). Something like this, starting that sequence of scenes with Sam/Grenn/Edd sitting around a fire and fumbling around as usual, with a lot of tents around, a few people walking around, standing guard, etc, and then all of them reacting to the three blasts... and in S3ep1 they could have shown a lot of corpses (is that very expensive? I doubt that) and the survivors fleeing the scene - no battle necessary. Involvement of Sam was totally unnecessary.I also don't see why Sam had to screw up his task of sending the ravens (it could have been done if they'd done the FoFM differently), maybe he is going to send the ravens that reach Stannis, out from Craster's Keep after the mutiny (feels stupid though). It just feels like they started making Jon and Sam both complete nincompoops since the last season, with a plan to make then super heroes in ugly-duckling-turned-swan kind of storylines. They're really not that incompetent. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Why change them?  They make enough mistakes on their own in the book whithout adding in more situations where they are berated for something like that.So that Jon goes to the fist doesn't mean that we know how many dead's their where? it's still 1 dead NW and 1 dead wights. Even if you see more bodys?@Ser andrew tarth: His job was still, the ravens when something happen. Who said that he doesn't release them next episode?See above... They dropped the ball on this scene, or were forced to dramatically alter events planned due to terrible filming conditions.  I mean watch the last scene from last season (as shown in the preview) then the first scene from this one. Sam magically escapes an army of undead, only to be chastized in front of all his remaining brothers for not also magically releasing the ravens?  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1686	kevin1989	2013-04-04	@Andrew_tarth:
I mean maybe they send out some ravens at crasten's keep or Sam send Ghost to the wall with a note or something. Or what do you think of that they kept out the ravens because Jon will see the body's next episodes. Know's what's going on. He will be back at the wall this season.
1687	Rayn	2013-04-04	Where would they get these magical ravens from? Its annoying that he gets berated for it when he was sent out on patrol....THAT is just dumb writing. Filming this part in Iceland was a giant mistake.
1688	Darryk	2013-04-04	I said nothing about "Sam the Slayer", please read a post before you respond to it...Hence me using the word "people" as opposed to the word "you", implying that I've seen the "Sam the Slayer" and "Raven" complaints brought up frequently.Sam magically escapes an army of undead, only to be chastized in front of all his remaining brothers for not also magically releasing the ravens?  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />TV Mormont would presumably not know that Sam was surrounded by Undead.
1689	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	Where would they get these magical ravens from? Its annoying that he gets berated for it when he was sent out on patrol....THAT is just dumb writing. Filming this part in Iceland was a giant mistake.Thank you, I don't know why people are rushing to defend this crappy scene... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Hence me using the word "people" as opposed to the word "you", implying that I've seen the "Sam the Slayer" and "Raven" complaints brought up frequently.Ok sry, but you can understand my confusion when it was in direct response to my quote...  I also think it is way premature (even following the book) to wonder why we didn't get Sam the Slayer this episode.TV Mormont would presumably not know that Sam was surrounded by Undead.Great they can make Mormont look incompetent too LOL.  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1690	Abaddon	2013-04-04	I also don't see why Sam had to screw up his task of sending the ravensIronic, as in the books he screwed up his task of sending the ravens.  They were sent, sure... with no messages attached.  Slightly better than not sending them at all.
1691	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	Ironic, as in the books he screwed up his task of sending the ravens.  They were sent, sure... with no messages attached.  Slightly better than not sending them at all.From the wiki:When the Others attack the Watch camp at the Fist of the First Men, Sam manages to send word of the attack to Castle Black and is able to escape with a group of about fifty survivors led by Jeor Mormont.I think you are confusing this with another Sam/raven incident.  He gets off two ravens with messages before all hell breaks loose at the fist.  IIRC his POV after begins w/ him thinking, "at least I got the ravens off" (sry don't have my ASoS here for confirmation.
1692	Dementia	2013-04-04	My coworker said today: "I think the queen (Margery) is plotting against Joffrey".  Oh...so difficult to not give anything away!
1693	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	My partner loves the show, not like i do, but hey. 
He probably liked ep1 better coz he didn't see everything that had changed.
Im trying to get him to read it. I was hoping if i could find the graphic novel it might inspire him...
1694	WinterKing	2013-04-04	My friend,who still is reading ACOK thoght the show excellent.He has a theory about Jon being the son of Ned and another highborn lady, and that Jon will be released from the wall and will join Robb.
1695	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	All my non-book reader friends loved it. And all my book reader friends loved it. Perhaps you just have terrible friends.LOL!
1696	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	My friend,who still is reading ACOK thoght the show excellent.He has a theory about Jon being the son of Ned and another highborn lady, and that Jon will be released from the wall and will join Robb.Poor summer child!
1697	ghost23	2013-04-04	My non-reading friend thinks that once things start getting really awkward between Jorah and Dany, Jorah is going to leave and join the Night's Watch in an attempt to rekindle his relationship with his father.
1698	tito5601	2013-04-04	My non-reading friend thinks that once things start getting really awkward between Jorah and Dany, Jorah is going to leave and join the Night's Watch in an attempt to rekindle his relationship with his father. lol jorah in the nights watchh i find that funny for some reason
1699	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-05	That reminds me...are we still going to get creepy Jorah revealing his true intentions to Daenerys? You can't make him too likable because it can cause viewers to turn on Dany when she banishes him.
					
					
							Edited by Pinkie Baelish, 05 April 2013 - 02:11 AM.
1700	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	Thank you, I don't know why people are rushing to defend this crappy scene... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Probably due to that people that criticize don't manage to analyze the scenes very well in many cases, almost looking like they try to create errors rather than finding the best explanations. Why would there have to be any magical ravens for Sam to send? He's out with Grenn and Edd and, judging from the scene in this episode, they got back to the other watchmen. Sam, on the other hand, wasn't capable of getting back before the wights came. If he had been like the other two he might have made it back and sent the ravens. There was, after all, a horn signal to give him time. He screwed up, so Mormont had a reason to be upset. It also doesn't make Mormont look incompetent for not knowing/accepting that Sam got lost instead of doing what he should. I don't see any logic in that comment you made.From the wiki:When the Others attack the Watch camp at the Fist of the First Men, Sam manages to send word of the attack to Castle Black and is able to escape with a group of about fifty survivors led by Jeor Mormont.I think you are confusing this with another Sam/raven incident.  He gets off two ravens with messages before all hell breaks loose at the fist.  IIRC his POV after begins w/ him thinking, "at least I got the ravens off" (sry don't have my ASoS here for confirmation.Yes, Sam does send two ravens. It's with messages he had already written so they only say that there's an attack on the Fist, it says nothing about what is attacking them so it is of somewhat limited use.
1701	Arkash	2013-04-05	Well, since I evolve in a very cinema-influenced context (being a cinema student and stuff), people did really love the "slow and efficient" build-up, finding it very interesting, to really lay the ground of the things to come !
1702	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-05	Probably due to that people that criticize don't manage to analyze the scenes very well in many cases, almost looking like they try to create errors rather than finding the best explanations. Why would there have to be any magical ravens for Sam to send? He's out with Grenn and Edd and, judging from the scene in this episode, they got back to the other watchmen. Sam, on the other hand, wasn't capable of getting back before the wights came. If he had been like the other two he might have made it back and sent the ravens. There was, after all, a horn signal to give him time. He screwed up, so Mormont had a reason to be upset. It also doesn't make Mormont look incompetent for not knowing/accepting that Sam got lost instead of doing what he should. I don't see any logic in that comment you made.There is no logical way to explain how Sam circumvented an army, only to run into one wight, and the remaining NW who is not on horseback...  There is no way to fill in the gap there that makes any sense, try.
1703	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	There is no logical way to explain how Sam circumvented an army, only to run into one wight, and the remaining NW who is not on horseback...  There is no way to fill in the gap there that makes any sense, try.That's not even the part I was referring to. You responded to someone saying that there was no way Sam could have sent any ravens and I showed how obviously that was wrong.As for him evading the army, the simple explanation is that they just left him be, just like they did with Will in the prologue to the series. I don't know where he meets the others as there's a snow storm going on.
1704	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-05	That's not even the part I was referring to. You responded to someone saying that there was no way Sam could have sent any ravens and I showed how obviously that was wrong.As for him evading the army, the simple explanation is that they just left him be, just like they did with Will in the prologue to the series. I don't know where he meets the others as there's a snow storm going on.If they just "let him be" then it would be impossible for him to reach the NW, unless he deserted, and just ran for his life after the WW's let him be, then the rest of the NW formed a wedge w/ horses to escape the fist and get ahead of Sam, but then abandoned their horses to walk back and find him...  The only other explanation is that the NW decimated the WW's force and there was only one left when sam finally made it back to the main group, but they are not on the fist (no tents, siege lines etc).  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />   Neither puts Sam in any position to send ravens, if it was such an important job, Mormont should not have sent him to gather shit w/ Grenn and Edd.  He is the LC's steward (according to the show) while Jon is away so why is he on shit duty anyway?!
1705	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	If they just "let him be" then it would be impossible for him to reach the NW, unless he deserted, and just ran for his life after the WW's let him be, then the rest of the NW formed a wedge w/ horses to escape the fist and get ahead of Sam, but then abandoned their horses to walk back and find him...  The only other explanation is that the NW decimated the WW's force and there was only one left when sam finally made it back to the main group, but they are not on the fist (no tents, siege lines etc).  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />   Neither puts Sam in any position to send ravens, if it was such an important job, Mormont should not have sent him to gather shit w/ Grenn and Edd.  He is the LC's steward (according to the show) while Jon is away so why is he on shit duty anyway?!You have a very weird way of thinking about things. Why would using horses be the only way some people from the NW could get away? You don't even know how the wights were formed when they attacked the NW in the show. That's the kind of arguments you hear from someone that wants to find errors, not solutions. You can fight yourself through another force on foot, but it will be harder and slower. Since there's so very few left that could have happened. And they obviously don't meet on the Fist since quite a bit of time passes. It's not hard to get as we hear battle sounds and people dying, then it stops and after that we see a sunrise. Obviously the battle took place at night (and night hadn't yet fallen when the Others were first seen) and Sam ran away. He runs into them at some later stage, at some other place.And again, Sam could have gotten back with Grenn and Edd, but he didn't. There's no base for saying that he couldn't have sent any ravens other than again arguing with the hope of finding errors, not solutions.
1706	Kasrith	2013-04-05	I only have one male friend that has read the books (up to the end of ASOS), and he says reading the books has totally ruined the show for him (he caught up right before the season started in the books) and that it's driving him crazy.  He despises pretty much all of the changes.  I think he's more angry at the show than I've ever been.  He also said it was "boring with too much useless talking."  He didn't see the point of the Cersei/Tyrion scene at all and really hated Jon Snow's story to Mance.I just want to say that the second season for me was mediocre because I too had just finished the books just before it started. I had to come to an understanding that changes are ok (and I've really had to justify some of them to myself) in order to appreciate the show. Enjoying one medium shouldn't stop people from enjoying another as well. Enjoy the books for what they offer and don't look for/by bothered by changes when watching the show.I watched s2 again just before s3 started, and enjoyed it much more this time around after having some distance from the books. I just try not to nitpick at every little thing and tell myself that any annoying changes are done with something in mind.Also,My friends, book readers and nonbook readers all (for the most part) really enjoyed the premier of s3, myself included.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 05 April 2013 - 11:12 AM.
1707	Jovem Corvo	2013-04-05	I was surprised by my non-readers friends reactions. This first episode had no action and too many characters appeared at once so I tought they wouldn't like or understand it but I was wrong. Ironically, it were my friends who read the books the ones that disliked the premiere the most.They have the opinion that the highest point of this premiere was Maergary scenes. (That says a lot to me since they don't even like her). They also enjoyed the whole thing in Astapor and the Tyrion/Tywin conversation. But only that.Both groups had common complaints, though. - People agreed the supposed "battle" of the Fist of the First Men was a huge dissapointment: "Where are all that zombies?" and "How did Sam survived?" were the most asked questions. - The Sworn Brothers appearing out of nowhere to Sam was... Well, that was horrible... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />- People didn't understand much about Harenhal. Oh, and tv!Robb is being hated: my friend said he was a douchebag by the way he was treating his mom. Another even said Catelyn was the wrong one by not scolding her son: "She should wash his mouth with soup" /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> and etc... Despite it, he's still a non-readers favorite.- People swore at Stannis for arresting Davos. Well, so did I.- People (specially the reader friends) disliked Mance as they tought "the actor doesn't have charisma enough" or he "has  less salt than Jon" (?? lol).Personally, I didn't loved the premiere but I didn't hated either. idk, it was good... not awesome.
1708	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-05	Snip...And again, Sam could have gotten back with Grenn and Edd, but he didn't. There's no base for saying that he couldn't have sent any ravens other than again arguing with the hope of finding errors, not solutions.Well I did make some solutions to the gap in my imagination, but they were all far from plausible...In any case perhaps its OT in this thread.  I actually did enjoy the episode, but got into a discussion on here after mentioning that I hate changes that undermine existing characters as in the "It was your ONLY job" moment to Sam.As Kasrith just said, there was many times last season where I justified the changes (to myself) and I am trying to here, but you have to admit that opening was laughable (as every reviewer seems to agree)...It reminds me of my brother's biggest complaint about GI Joe when we were kids.  He says that they would show something, like a car going over a cliff w/ Joes in it before the commercial break, but when they returned (from the break) the car stops just short of the cliff.  Which renders the moment they were airborne an alternate reality/outcome.  TBF I don't really remember the cartoons from when we were kids so IDK if that's totally accurate, but that's how i felt here.  It was as if they asked us to take a huge leap from where we left off, to the current events.In any case let me get back on Topic:My bro's predictions for the future:  I laughed when Catelyn pulled the sword in the episode for last season (a man without honor IIRC).  My bro was like "what's she gonna do, cut his hand off?"and during the S3 premiere.  "I wish someone would just kill Rob and Cat at the same time, I hate them soooo much!"I can't wait to see his reactions throughout this season.
1709	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	Well I did make some solutions to the gap in my imagination, but they were all far from plausible...In any case perhaps its OT in this thread.  ...The only thing I can see that doesn't make my explanation plausible to happen is that Sam is Sam. He could have done what he should but since he's not very good at handling scary stuff he failed. That's part of why I like him. As for your comparison I don't think that's even remotely close to the same thing.But you are right in that it's OT so we'll just agree to disagree
1710	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-05	The only thing I can see that doesn't make my explanation plausible to happen is that Sam is Sam. He could have done what he should but since he's not very good at handling scary stuff he failed. That's part of why I like him. As for your comparison I don't think that's even remotely close to the same thing.But you are right in that it's OT so we'll just agree to disagree /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
1711	DolorousKim	2013-04-05	My husband, who is not a book reader, finally got around to watching the episode last night.  Here are some of his impressions:He liked the pacing, and the fact that so much happened in the episode; when the end credits came up he was kind of surprised that the hour had gone by so quickly.His favorite scene was Jon joining up with Mance and company.  He thinks that this plot is interesting because it is so unlike the rest of the locations in its setting and politics (or lack there of).He also liked the Bronn scenes (thank God that guy is in the show, sometimes it definitely needs lightening up...).His least favorite scene was the Tywin/Tyrion scene, because he felt bad for Tyrion (Charles Dance may be a great actor, but last season made me forget how much of a dick Tywin is.)Some interesting off-cuff-statements he made:The Nightswatch is evil; the Lord Commander didn't do anything to stop baby sacrifice, so it's better that Jon is with the wildings (I tried to explain that they (NW) really weren't evil, but I don't think that I convinced him -- I wonder what he's going to think of the Mel/Stannis sacrifices)He predicts that Cersei is going to try to have Bronn killed (okay, now that one just blew my mind, since I didn't even see that coming in the books until after Bronn named a certain bastard Tyrion)
1712	boojam	2013-04-05	My friends are non readers but older (a lot older than probably the target audience) and they like best the dialog and think the teleplays are gems. They have long attention spans and would rather have more talk especially when it's the 'wheels within wheels' kind!
1713	Black Frog	2013-04-05	They were considerably more positive than me, none of theme read the book and since just one of them had recently watched the season 2 finale, they didn't seem bothered by the disconnection with how we ended season 2.
1714	Ser Luke.	2013-04-07	My two friends both liked it, thought the episode flew by. 
They were a bit confused about the Harrenhal situation, and their favorite part of the episode was the Tywin/Tyrion scene, which isn't surprising. 
They also had no idea a huge battle happened at The Fist, had to explain that.
1715	xylem	2013-04-10	This was my "transition" season... because I was a non-reader for season 2, but since last year, have now read up to (and including) AFFC.... still waiting on paperback for ADWD.
I can say this: as a non-reader when I approached season 2, I found it tremendously disappointing... for me, it was because there wasn't ENOUGH talk.  I couldn't follow the subtleties anymore without the extra book background and most of the violence seemed rampant and pointless (i.e. for effect more than for driving the plot forward).  So, it was my disappointment with season 2 that started me reading... I wanted to know if GRRM's book 2 was better!  (Fortunately, yes).
I was happy with this first episode.  It wasn't mind-blowing, but it was appropriately full of dialogue and build-up.  Now, that I've read the books, I have more patience with the pacing too.
During season 2, it frustrated me to no end that "nothing happened": i.e. sansa was still stuck with joffrey; arya was endlessly travelling; rob was endlessly fighting his war... etc.. etc...  Whereas, in season 1, there was so much *transition*: from happy peaceful life in the north, to horror in the south, to death and war and destruction.  Season 1 had a HUGE, clear arc.  Whereas, by comparison, season 2 rambles along (with a ton of gore and beheadings to pass the time).  In the book, that didn't bother me so much, because the building intrigue was clearer and kept me interested despite the slower development of each character's storyline.  (And now that I've read AFFC - which was glacial by comparison - book 2 seems pretty fast paced).
So, I think now that I have the book background, my perspective is likely to be much more patient.  I know big things are coming, but that things will trundle along for awhile till they do.  I also know that my original expectation that things for the remaining Starks would resolve quickly (and expectation I had leaving season 1) was very very wrong.  So, it's easier for me to relax into season 3, I think.
1716	xylem	2013-04-10	Addendum: as much as I liked the episode overall, the beginning was indeed absolutely pathetic and nonsensical.  Besides - didn't sam send those ravens???
1717	First of My Name	2013-04-25	I enjoyed, my parents liked it, my few GOT-watching friends enjoyed it.
1718	Gordon Freeman	2013-04-01	When Arstan Whitebeard, I mean plain ol' Barristan Selmy comes lurking out of the shadows onto the dock I was so stoked. To see him kill the manticore with his staff..err knife I mean? No, because I knew Strong Belwas would be close in tow and I couldn't wait to see who they cast to play him!Selmy sure enough killed the manticore, revealed himself as Barristan Selmy (or made no attempt to hide it), and asked to be taken in as part of Daenerys Queen's Guard. All of this took place and still no Belwas. I was thinking "ok, he'll motion him to come out of hiding any moment", except for that moment never came...Is there not going to be a Strong Belwas? I find his role VERY entertaining and him to be a fairly key character. Just as key as say Tormund Giantsbane, all except for  the part where Thormund makes the truce with the Nights Watch. Up until that point their characters have about the same impact. So what do you think is going on, no Belwas, no scared up belly and ridiculously small studded vest?
1719	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-02	I have a strange notion that they are cutting the comic relief characters. They have completely changed Tormund so that he has the personality of a potatoe. The reason behind is maybe to keep Tyrion and Bronn as the funny ones. Thats the only reason I can think of.
1720	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Less personlity the better for D&D.
Belwas is a BAMF and should be on the show if for nothing else other than the champion of Mereen battle.  D&D would be legends for a Belwas in that scene with Whitebeard as his squire.  The reveal could have waited.
1721	kevin1989	2013-04-02	I have a strange notion that they are cutting the comic relief characters. They have completely changed Tormund so that he has the personality of a potatoe. The reason behind is maybe to keep Tyrion and Bronn as the funny ones. Thats the only reason I can think of.Funny you know how Tormund is just by watching a 3 minute scene with him. Wait till you see the next couple of episodes before complaining.And about Belwas, yes, he's out. Better give his scenes to Baristan much better. Nobody who is watching the show is going to care for him. He will be most times on the background. If you wanted Belwas in, they had probably too kill another great character.
1722	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	Belwas always seemed like a character that would be cut. He's not in any way a key character. He's just a small side character that's a great warrior and likes to eat a lot. His battles can be given to other characters that are also important in other ways, and I suspect Daario will absorb Belwas' role as a warrior.That's not to say that I don't enjoy him in the books, but he isn't very important. If anything he's consistently been significantly less important than I thought he would be after we got to know him.Less personlity the better for D&D.Personality? Strong Belwas is about as flat of a character as you'll find in Martin's books. Enjoyable yes, but the characters with depth are the ones with real personality and not surprisingly those are all in the show.
1723	DrRobotnik	2013-04-02	I don't like it.
The main purpose of Strong Belwas was that he allows Barristan to be introduced as Belwas' partner, or "squire" as he calls himself.
I don't like Barristan revealing himself immediately. How is he going to coexist with Mormont for a season? They dislike one another right from the start.
1724	Reposado	2013-04-02	Funny you know how Tormund is just by watching a 3 minute scene with him. Wait till you see the next couple of episodes before complaining.yep. usually works that way. the tormund character is not going to be funny. you can tell by his tone. if he was going to be bombastic like in the book, they would have introduced him that way.but not having belwas makes sense. there are  more fighters around dany in the book than the show could possibly have roles for.
1725	SerMixalot	2013-04-02	I have to admit that this reveal of Selmy was the only thing that D&D could have done, it would have been too obvious to even relatively casual viewers who he was.  The problem is the butterfly effect over the revealing of motivatins and I do believe Selmy was present at the Small Council meeting where they discussed offing Dany, though I may be confusing the book and the show there and they might not have discussed specifically who Varys' spy was.
1726	SerMixalot	2013-04-02	yep. usually works that way. the tormund character is not going to be funny. you can tell by his tone. if he was going to be bombastic like in the book, they would have introduced him that way.but not having belwas makes sense. there are  more fighters around dany in the book than the show could possibly have roles for.I just hope they keep tormund's braggadocio about his member!
1727	Loras	2013-04-02	Could Belwas not be introduced in Season 4?  His only key role is to...
	Spoiler Lead Dany's men through the sewers of Meereen.

... so surely he could come in later?
1728	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Personality? Strong Belwas is about as flat of a character as you'll find in Martin's books. Enjoyable yes, but the characters with depth are the ones with real personality and not surprisingly those are all in the show.Like Littlefinger?  Cersei?  Cat?  Those personalities?At least Belwas lightens things up.  One major difference from the books to the show is the quality of the humor.  I mean, was that Bronn scene ever remotely funny?  I think not.He gives the story itself more personality.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 02 April 2013 - 07:34 AM.
1729	Leo de Salto	2013-04-02	Ah! come on!  I wanted to see how he sh#t on that Yunkai champion D:
1730	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I don't like it.The main purpose of Strong Belwas was that he allows Barristan to be introduced as Belwas' partner, or "squire" as he calls himself.I don't like Barristan revealing himself immediately. How is he going to coexist with Mormont for a season? They dislike one another right from the start.There's an impending conflict as well.  I think the main reason why Selmy didnt reveal himself was to study Dany.  In the show, he just searches her out and immediately jumps on board.  Minor to some people, but possibly a later integrity issue.
1731	kevin1989	2013-04-02	yep. usually works that way. the tormund character is not going to be funny. you can tell by his tone. if he was going to be bombastic like in the book, they would have introduced him that way.but not having belwas makes sense. there are  more fighters around dany in the book than the show could possibly have roles for.Strange because as for Varys I trusted him in episode 3, but not later on.  Some things need time, people I knew found him funny about how he provoked Jon in kneeling.Explain me one thing, people are complaining that nothing really happen in episode 1. That the pacing needed to be faster. But the only thing how they are going to do that, is cutting scenes and making a more season 2 season than season 1.  But at the same time they want to put everything in the show like Belwas. That means that they wanted to slow the pace of the show at the same time. Strange.
1732	Maester Murks	2013-04-02	And about Belwas, yes, he's out. Better give his scenes to Baristan much better.Barristan the Bold shitting in public and constantly asking for Onions and Liver. Sounds about right.
1733	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	Like Littlefinger?  Cersei?  Cat?  Those personalities?At least Belwas lightens things up.  One major difference from the books to the show is the quality of the humor.  I mean, was that Bronn scene ever remotely funny?  I think not.He gives the story itself more personality.Yes, those people have much more personality than he does and it's not like every character has a personality like them, so you trying to mention a few that you seemingly don't like is a poor way of arguing. Personality isn't even remotely close to only being lively and colorful.Quality of humor is subjective. There will be plenty of people thinking that it's lowbrow and stereotypical to have a fat warrior always go on about wanting to eat onions and liver, taking a shit and so on.The show has plenty of character that add humor in various ways. Tyrion, Bronn, Dolorous Edd, Salladhor Saan, Pod, Sam etc. Strong Belwas isn't more important and colorful than the Greatjon. Obviously it's not just about what could make the story more fun (most things in the book enhance the story in some way), it's also about having to hire another actor, introducing a character and having a need for him that can't be done by someone else.
1734	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-02	So much whining.
Yes, let's have the show introduce one of very few foreign looking and sounding characters, and them have him act and speak like a gigantic moron. I'm sure that would go down well.
Selmy was never at the SC meetings in S1, so it's possible that he will not know that Jorah was a spy.
1735	Iotun	2013-04-02	It would be too many characters to introduce in one season. Especially when the one notable thing he does pre-DwD is a single scene in his fight with the Meereen champion, which can be given to any of a number of characters - Barristan, Grey Worm, Daario, etc (granted probably without the taking a shit afterwards, but they can still figure out something dramatic for that scene).
Strong Belwas can still be introduced in Season 4 as one of the fighting pit slaves in Meereen who are freed by ser Barristan and Jorah.
I think there's many reasons why have ser Barristan revealed earlier. The obvious option is that you can't really have the same effect as in the books, where you can't know that Arstan is ser Barristan before his reveal. The other is that Jorah will be more obviously jealous of one of the greatest warriors of the Seven kingdoms than of an old man. This subsequently can make him more obviously try to distance Dany from him, and Dany to take offence to this. There's an important scene before the battle for Yunkai where Dany finally cracks and tells Jorah she is tired of him telling her to trust nobody but himself and that though she respects and values him, she does not love him. In the books Dany's reaction makes more sense, because in the books Dany wasn't betrayed to the same extend in Qarth - there was no betrayal by Xaro nor Doreah, so Jorah's overprotectiveness seems overbearing. In the TV show however, the viewers will understand Jorah telling Dany not to trust anybody after she gets Daario's allegiance given what she's been through in Qarth, and Jorah would seem justified in his advice rather than jealous and afraid he's losing his importance to her. The show needs to introduce somebody for Jorah to be unjustifiably suspicious and distrusting of, and ser Barristan fits that role.
1736	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-02	I like Strong Belwas, but he's hardly a key character. Good comic relief and one good, short scene in fighting the Mereen champion is pretty much all he brings to the table. This show already has an enormous cast, some minor but fan favorite characters are going to have to be cut. The way I look at it, better Belwas than the Queen of Thorns, whom several people speculated would be cut and merged with Margaery.
					
					
							Edited by Arrogant Bastard, 02 April 2013 - 08:14 AM.
1737	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Barristan the Bold shitting in public and constantly asking for Onions and Liver. Sounds about right.You know that even if Belwas was in the show that the shitting scene wouldn't be in it? that would have been disgusting to watch. I'm talking about defeating the hero of Mereen for instance.So much whining.Yes, let's have the show introduce one of very few foreign looking and sounding characters, and them have him act and speak like a gigantic moron. I'm sure that would go down well.Selmy was never at the SC meetings in S1, so it's possible that he will not know that Jorah was a spy.Maybe he know and that this will have a conclusion in season 4. I think that Barristan wanting first too look at Jorah if he can trust him now.
1738	dtones520	2013-04-02	I don't like it.The main purpose of Strong Belwas was that he allows Barristan to be introduced as Belwas' partner, or "squire" as he calls himself.I don't like Barristan revealing himself immediately. How is he going to coexist with Mormont for a season? They dislike one another right from the start.Mormont didn't like or trust him as Artsan in the book either, so what is the difference?
1739	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-02	Belwas' omission surprised me very little.
For one, his main laughs and uses are for mereen later on.
The defeating the champ, shitting, locusts etc are all in or at mereen, he could be combined into Dario, brown Ben or any other nameless slave or soldier and only book readers would know or care.
I know and care. But I see no reason to cast him yet-if at all, and I'm not surprised the producers haven't either.
1740	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	Yeah the 65 year old dude acting as a squire for a completely unknown and foreign comic relief character would not play out so well on TV. In fact it's pretty silly in the books and only ok because Barristan Selmy is so awesome. Belwas is a cartoon character - my opinion is that it would be kind of lame on TV.
Plus Iain Glenn and Ian McElhinny exchanging some verbal jabs and hard stares for a couple episodes is going to be great, relax.
1741	billy g.	2013-04-02	I don't like it.The main purpose of Strong Belwas was that he allows Barristan to be introduced as Belwas' partner, or "squire" as he calls himself.I don't like Barristan revealing himself immediately. How is he going to coexist with Mormont for a season? They dislike one another right from the start.Maybe Mormont will be exposed as a turncloak and dismissed after Astapor and before Meereen? I don't see his role in defeating the Meereneese as so important (the sewer scenes)
					
					
							Edited by billy g., 02 April 2013 - 08:37 AM.
1742	TheBastardofBluegrass	2013-04-02	I don't have a problem with Barristan revealing himself, hell, in the book Mormont knew Selmy previously, it's pretty ridiculous to Jorah didn't recognize Selmy just because he was older and his beard was longer.  I don't like Belwas being cut though
1743	Kaethas	2013-04-02	Some things and characters from the books just won't work in the TV series. Belwas is a great character but I am sure I will not miss him later on in the show. There's just not room for him. Selmy's new introduction was far from great but it worked on TV.
					
					
							Edited by Kaethas, 02 April 2013 - 09:09 AM.
1744	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	I can't truly be the only person who thought Strong Belwas was a waste of space in the books.  Good riddance.
1745	GoldenFleece	2013-04-02	Didn't Mormont and Selmy fight side by side at the battle of Pyke?  If not, I'm sure Mormont and Selmy met each other in the tourneys.  Seems stupid that Mormont would not recognise the most famous knight alive.
I personally loved the reveal and get goosebumps everytime I watch it.
Can understand why they cut Belwas, I character I love.  He is not a key character.  Can only remember him eating, shitting, fighting a duel outside Meereen and eating posioned locusts - that's it.  He might be more important to the plot post Dance of Dragons, but I can see why he was cut for this series.
1746	boojam	2013-04-02	It's my take that George originally wrote it this way at the end of CoK, tho Belwas was probably Barristan Selmy's 'traveling companion'.
Then GRRM changed it, my guess, to a jape.
Selmy is obviously highly intelligent and highly skilled , but making him a squire (SQUIRE!) to an oafish (even if highly skilled) pit gladiator (who is not even a knight) , come on!, George what's going on here.
Jorah notices right off, many times mentions that somethings funny, but makes no big deal about telling Dany who it is.
Now I think it possible Belwas will make on screen in season 4,  Belway's appearances in SoS are funny punctuations that lend them selves to good visual narrative.
Having Jorah recognizing Selmy right off is plainly logical since Jorah would have dead on known who Selmy was! 
My only beef would be if the show does not get to the Illyrio Mopatis connection , who is our big hand-that-rocks-the-cradle ... that I think GRRM is going to inject in the next two novels, we have already seen part of it (not forgetting the Varys connection too).
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 April 2013 - 09:18 AM.
1747	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Quality of humor is subjective. There will be plenty of people thinking that it's lowbrow and stereotypical to have a fat warrior always go on about wanting to eat onions and liver, taking a shit and so on.The show has plenty of character that add humor in various ways. Tyrion, Bronn, Dolorous Edd, Salladhor Saan, Pod, Sam etc. Strong Belwas isn't more important and colorful than the Greatjon. Obviously it's not just about what could make the story more fun (most things in the book enhance the story in some way), it's also about having to hire another actor, introducing a character and having a need for him that can't be done by someone else.As stereotypical as Bronn or moreso? Idk pretty much the scene outside of Yunkai is better than any scene I know if involving any of those guys and would make for some shocking TV that would HAVE to be talked about. There's plenty of examples of mistakes in the second bolded area, for example, the single combat scene would make for better TV than anything Ros, GreatJohn. Doloros, Pod, etc have done.  There are pretty easy replacements for those folks as well.  Hot Pie too.
1748	cybobbie	2013-04-02	I agree with many that posted that Belwas absence in the show won't have much impact. I really liked him in the books, but I don't see how he would fit at this moment in the show. They will probably find a way to use another character later on to make the scenes that Belwas would be in. As for Mormont and Barristan, I think that the mistrust that they had in the books happened even prior of Barristan revealing himself, so they still can portrait the bad relationship even without Barristan telling Dany about Mormont right away, maybe something will trigger him finally telling Dany about it. We can only wait to find out.
1749	GoldenFleece	2013-04-02	Just remember even Dany wondered what Belwas was good for, that's why she sent him to take down the Champion of Meereen.
Belwas could easily be cast for next season.  I think this season will end with Dany freeing the slaves of Yunkai - Belwas could easily be one of those slaves.
1750	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	As stereotypical as Bronn or moreso?Idk pretty much the scene outside of Yunkai is better than any scene I know if involving any of those guys and would make for some shocking TV that would HAVE to be talked about.There's plenty of examples of mistakes in the second bolded area, for example, the single combat scene would make for better TV than anything Ros, GreatJohn. Doloros, Pod, etc have done.  There are pretty easy replacements for those folks as well.  Hot Pie too.Definitely more than Bronn, although I do like Belwas so I don't have a problem with him. I just acknowledge that he isn't a character of importance.I disagree about that scene as well. While it's a good battle scene the others have plenty of scenes that actually helps show new depth with characters, character growth or to tell things that is mainly told through inner monologue in the books. The characters you mention have already been cast in previous seasons so they didn't compete with Belwas, but Belwas competes with the entire existing cast and all the potential new characters of the third season. I see easier use of Belwas' actions to help establish other characters more quickly (Daario Naharis in particular) while the others don't really have things that would benefit others to the same extent.
1751	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	I can't truly be the only person who thought Strong Belwas was a waste of space in the books.  Good riddance.Well, fortunately he didn't take up much space in the text.
1752	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-02	Funny you know how Tormund is just by watching a 3 minute scene with him. Wait till you see the next couple of episodes before complaining.FIrst impressions mean a lot. Hopefully I'm proved wrong but it looks like he is going to be axed at the Castle Black battle.
1753	jmk51	2013-04-02	yep. usually works that way. the tormund character is not going to be funny. you can tell by his tone. if he was going to be bombastic like in the book, they would have introduced him that way.but not having belwas makes sense. there are  more fighters around dany in the book than the show could possibly have roles for.So, when he said (paraphrasing) "everyone must kneel everytime I fart", that isn't his crude humor/bragadocio?  What did you expect, a 5 minute monologue about his "member" the first time Jon Snow was introduced to Mance?
1754	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-02	I really enjoyed Belwas in the book. Belwas shitting in front of everybody was a riot. Not to mention his character added some much needed comedy in the series. But if I step back and look at the show objectively; that is, if I was making the show, I'd cut him too. Every second he's onscreen getting a line is time taken away from Dany's story moving forward. And the tension that will come out of Selmy, Mormont and Dany  scenes is going to be worth it. It was also worth jumping past Selmy's disguise. Just getting on with it was the right choice.
					
					
							Edited by Big Daddy Dave, 02 April 2013 - 10:24 AM.
1755	Gordon Freeman	2013-04-02	I think the point I was trying to make about Belwas is that he does play a small role time wise but why not just have Selmy introduce him as his companion? No crazy back story needed.
He wouldn't take up a lot of time with a lengthy scenes because he never says anything, he never did in the books either only briefly bragging about his fighting prowess. For me that's what I got from him in the book, was just this physically strong presence around Danny and you don't know until later on what his true intentions are towards her. This just added an element of suspense, and on screen it would be aesthetically pleasing to see some huge guy with a little vest stalking around being lazy all the time. Then (just as in the book when Danny questioned his skill and worth) he would go out destroy the champion of Meereen with ease.
Besides it's not like they didn't have scenes that could've been cut. Like Margaery spending all that time with the orphans, even the books didn't go into such detail except to just tell you High Garden/Margaery had been giving out food to the city and that the small folk loved her. Or as previously mentioned the scene with Bronn and the whore. I think both could've been cut to give Selmy and Belwas a true introduction.
					
					
							Edited by Gordon Freeman, 02 April 2013 - 10:43 AM.
1756	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	Could Belwas not be introduced in Season 4?  His only key role is to...
	Spoiler Lead Dany's men through the sewers of Meereen.
... so surely he could come in later?While he is fun to have around, he isn't a key character - what he does Barristan can do or Jorah can do.  I'd enjoy seeing him, but not having him isn't a continuity or plot loss.
1757	rodrik Cassel	2013-04-02	I agree that he is not a key character. but he is the fun cahracter for essos. we have mr.member behind the wall greatjonumber with the northerners, bronn and tyrion in kingslanding and stannis with well stannis /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />and btw it would have been a little gift to all the bookreaders!I demand compensation for his absence e.g  a 5 minute monologue about his "member"
1758	DutchGit	2013-04-02	I am definitely disappointed about him not being in. You need a funny side kick from time to time.
Also, I thought Thormund was quite funny? There is definitely room for him to grow in the role. I am sure it will get better when the Jon/Thormund bromance will develop.
1759	Young Nan	2013-04-02	I have a strange notion that they are cutting the comic relief characters. They have completely changed Tormund so that he has the personality of a potatoe. The reason behind is maybe to keep Tyrion and Bronn as the funny ones. Thats the only reason I can think of.I just hope they keep tormund's braggadocio about his member!I know rite!  I was really looking forward to Tormund.  And instead theres some melancholy, skinny guy who doesn't even talk about his member.  I was really disappointed with the casting of basically all of the wildlings, except for Ygritte.  She's too pretty for the role, but got the personality down IMO.
1760	Holdfast	2013-04-02	I don't think the show needs Strong Belwas.  He's entertaining in the books, but so are others that we'll probably never get to see.  It's hard to introduce new characters to an already packed list in a season that only covers about 10 hours unless they're essential to the storyline, and I don't think SB is.
I did like the reveal of Barristan Selmy at the outset, again thinking this is the best way it could have been handled within the confines of the show.
1761	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-02	The dockside assassination attempt was a disappointment on several levels. Content wise, I of course miss Strong Belwas and the interplay he and Whitebeard/Selmy had. I also think the reveal of Selmy's true self would've been a great show moment and I'm not sure why the showrunners cheated the audience out of that. But visually it was just shot and stage din such a mediocre, cliched way. Hooded guy in obvious pursuit of Daeny then the hood comes off and it's *gasp* some dude the TV audience saw for maybe 10minutes total on screen in S1. Then Jorah Exposition has to chime in and explain who the fuck this guy is to everyone. Just a meh bit of storytelling.So much whining.Yes, let's have the show introduce one of very few foreign looking and sounding characters, and them have him act and speak like a gigantic moron. I'm sure that would go down well.Selmy was never at the SC meetings in S1, so it's possible that he will not know that Jorah was a spy.Ehhh, I find that a stretch. He can still fuck up shit for Jorah and his Kahlessi crush. Hopefully Selmy and Jorah will have the same adversarial relationship on the show to keep things interesting in camp kahlessi.
1762	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Definitely more than Bronn, although I do like Belwas so I don't have a problem with him. I just acknowledge that he isn't a character of importance.I disagree about that scene as well. While it's a good battle scene the others have plenty of scenes that actually helps show new depth with characters, character growth or to tell things that is mainly told through inner monologue in the books. The characters you mention have already been cast in previous seasons so they didn't compete with Belwas, but Belwas competes with the entire existing cast and all the potential new characters of the third season. I see easier use of Belwas' actions to help establish other characters more quickly (Daario Naharis in particular) while the others don't really have things that would benefit others to the same extent.They save a battle scene and get a single combat scene (saving $).  If daario does the same thing, I'll be satisfied for sure.
1763	LordStoneheart	2013-04-02	I've never thought of Belwas as very important, to be honest. Except for a certain 
	Spoiler bowl of locusts
 of course. Even then, that could be very easily retconned just like the manticore was.
Also, my brother instantly recognized Barristan and he hasn't watched season one in a while. He never read the books, apart from book one prologue. I think it was a good decision to reveal right away.
1764	_CaptainRon	2013-04-02	Belwas is the levity that the story of the East needs. It's too bad he's not involved now, but I understand considering how they revealed Whitebeard immediately. He still should come into play, considering how much of a badass he is.
1765	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	Yeah!i liked him! i mean i get that he's kinda on the fringe of the story, but he has some important bits.Most notablyI've never thought of Belwas as very important, to be honest. Except for a certain 
	Spoiler bowl of locusts
 of course. Even then, that could be very easily retconned just like the manticore was.How will they explain that away? Its a pretty pivotal point
	Spoiler  because that's what reveals the evil-husband-guy who's name i cant remember 

					
					
							Edited by Dragon Doll, 02 April 2013 - 08:28 PM.
1766	Serr Parker	2013-04-02	I've seen a lot of people saying they weren't bothered about him in the book I'm with them to be honest. I still think they could bring him in when they get to another city, but I doubt they will. They have a big enough cast for TV viewers to try and remember anyway without bringing in a tertiary character
1767	wolverine	2013-04-02	I have a strange notion that they are cutting the comic relief characters. They have completely changed Tormund so that he has the personality of a potatoe. The reason behind is maybe to keep Tyrion and Bronn as the funny ones. Thats the only reason I can think of.Tormund had like 3 lines, one about farting and one about killing little men, seems pretty on for me.  Isn't Dolorous Ed still his dolorous self?
1768	zeus	2013-04-02	I've seen a lot of people saying they weren't bothered about him in the book I'm with them to be honest. I still think they could bring him in when they get to another city, but I doubt they will. They have a big enough cast for TV viewers to try and remember anyway without bringing in a tertiary characterI was upset he wasnt in this episode but i think like what you said that they may bring him in at a later stage of the series if he is to appear on the show. They say that this season is the one that will have the most differences from the book so that also makes me wonder if they will even have him in the series at all.
1769	wolverine	2013-04-02	It sounds like as the show continues it will depart more and more from the books.  Which is logical IMO.
1770	Mr Smith	2013-04-02	My care cup is empty as far as Strong Belwas is concerned. Decent character yes, but by no means necessary. Its a lot harder to keep track of characters in a TV show than in a book, especially when you don't have Martin's little references. I think D and D have done what they needed to do, and good on them for it. Two many characters can kill a show like this, particularly for non-book readers. I've been trying to work out how on earth they could keep AW's identity a secret from the audience; again, much harder in a TV show than in a book.
And I actually think having Barristan out in the open will make the tension between him and Jorah more interesting - Jorah will know that Barristan has his number, and will be edgier than ever.
1771	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-03	I was honestly never a Strong Belwas fan, but I think it would be nice if they found a way to include him at some point down the line, like next season.
1772	Honey Badger	2013-04-03	Advanced Dungeons & Dragons know what they're doing.  Belwas was too cartoony anyways.  Letting a guy cut on his stomach (which isn't possible, you'd just get eviscerated) to leave a scar before killing him, the locusts which made him burp, shitting and farting, etc.  It's unnecessary in a visual medium.  You'd have a hard time pulling it off without it looking stupid.
Selmy can take all the badass roles Belwas sometimes represented, and he's an established character without introducing another dozen cast members to an already large ensemble.  Plus I love they skipped the whole Whitebeard subplot, as I never loved it in the books and it'd be hard to pull off visually anyways.  What, make him look like Gandalf?
Remember a giant cast is what helped sink GRRM's reputation in Feast and Dance; and got the plot dragging ass and not move.  AD&D can avoid that mistake by doing some much needed pruning.  Right now I trust them more than Martin at curating this IP.  I'll reserve final judgment for Winds, of course.
					
					
							Edited by Honey Badger, 03 April 2013 - 12:25 AM.
1773	Words of Winter	2013-04-03	Advanced Dungeons & Dragons know what they're doing.  Belwas was too cartoony anyways.  Letting a guy cut on his stomach (which isn't possible, you'd just get eviscerated) to leave a scar before killing him, the locusts which made him burp, shitting and farting, etc.  It's unnecessary in a visual medium.  You'd have a hard time pulling it off without it looking stupid.Selmy can take all the badass roles Belwas sometimes represented, and he's an established character without introducing another dozen cast members to an already large ensemble.  Plus I love they skipped the whole Whitebeard subplot, as I never loved it in the books and it'd be hard to pull off visually anyways.  What, make him look like Gandalf?Remember a giant cast is what helped sink GRRM's reputation in Feast and Dance; and got the plot dragging ass and not move.  AD&D can avoid that mistake by doing some much needed pruning.  Right now I trust them more than Martin at curating this IP.  I'll reserve final judgment for Winds, of course.I agree with the Feast and Dance comment.  I do hope there is a composite character who wil bring some quick wit to the essos scenes.
1774	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	Enter Dario.
1775	Chalkius Stark	2013-04-03	While I'd have liked him to have been in the show, I think they're cutting or amalgamating characters who aren't essential in places. Belwas is one of them. He's mainly there for humour...other people are humourous enough. As for his fights, Jorah and Selmy can do that easily enough. He's just not essential enough.
1776	LordStoneheart	2013-04-03	Yeah!i liked him! i mean i get that he's kinda on the fringe of the story, but he has some important bits.Most notablyHow will they explain that away? Its a pretty pivotal point
	Spoiler  because that's what reveals the evil-husband-guy who's name i cant remember 
Seriously, spoiler alert. Don't read if you haven't finished Dance. 
	Spoiler If I was a writer of the show, and we still hadn't introduced Belwas by time the locust berry crunch comes along, I'd just have it be someone else. Simple as that. Maybe no one too important. We still don't know what Daario's future in the aftermath of DwD, but he could be a candidate.
1777	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	When Arstan Whitebeard, I mean plain ol' Barristan Selmy comes lurking out of the shadows onto the dock I was so stoked. To see him kill the manticore with his staff..err knife I mean? No, because I knew Strong Belwas would be close in tow and I couldn't wait to see who they cast to play him!Selmy sure enough killed the manticore, revealed himself as Barristan Selmy (or made no attempt to hide it), and asked to be taken in as part of Daenerys Queen's Guard. All of this took place and still no Belwas. I was thinking "ok, he'll motion him to come out of hiding any moment", except for that moment never came...Is there not going to be a Strong Belwas?I find his role VERY entertaining and him to be a fairly key character. Just as key as say Tormund Giantsbane, all except for  the part where Thormund makes the truce with the Nights Watch. Up until that point their characters have about the same impact. So what do you think is going on, no Belwas, no scared up belly and ridiculously small studded vest?They probably spent the money on hiring more actresses to have more whores in the show...! Oo
1778	The Great Unwashed	2013-04-03	I thought the immediate Ser Barristan reveal turned out to be not much more than a throwaway scene and I found that rather disappointing.  Everyone keeps saying that Barristan hiding who he was wouldn't have worked in the show, but I completely disagree.
It is true that Barristan couldn't have kept his identity a secret from the HBO audience because yes, people would have figured it out.  However, what everyone keeps forgetting about it his motive for keeping his name hidden in the books.  The whole reason he hid himself was so he could study Dany to see if the madness of the Targaryens ran in her blood, and so instead of his person being a mystery to the home audience, the writers could have played his motive for keeping himself hidden a mystery.
I could see the speculation shifting from "who is Arstan Whitebeard" to "why is Selmy not telling Dany who he really is" and then going from there to speculating if perhaps he's trying to curry favor with the Lannisters or the Starks by assassinating her, if he's there to protect her, etc.
1779	Drogo_1	2013-04-03	Strong Belwas will Join Dany & Barriston at Astapor. He will be freed from the fighting pits. In some of the trailers you can see him fighting in single combat at the gates of Mereen.
1780	kevin1989	2013-04-03	Strong Belwas will Join Dany & Barriston at Astapor. He will be freed from the fighting pits. In some of the trailers you can see him fighting in single combat at the gates of Mereen.you're funny. Mereen is not in season 3, it's season 4. And it's already stated by GRRM himself that strong Belwas won't be in the show. And which trailer do you mean? Think you mistook him for Jorah.
1781	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	you're funny. Mereen is not in season 3, it's season 4. And it's already stated by GRRM himself that strong Belwas won't be in the show. And which trailer do you mean? Think you mistook him for Jorah.He is mistaking him for the long haired guy who doesn't look anything like the Daario Naharis i imagined
1782	Drogo_1	2013-04-03	ok I've been corrected by an outside source, so Strong Belwas will not be appearing.
1783	Chuck88	2013-04-03	you're funny. Mereen is not in season 3, it's season 4. And it's already stated by GRRM himself that strong Belwas won't be in the show. And which trailer do you mean? Think you mistook him for Jorah.He won't be in the show? Like at all? That sucks. I get not putting him in this season but surely he could have been in season 4
1784	kevin1989	2013-04-03	He won't be in the show? Like at all? That sucks. I get not putting him in this season but surely he could have been in season 4What's his point to put him in?
1785	Lion of Judah	2013-04-03	I would have loved to see just how disgusting Belwas was on camera, they probably couldn't find an actor fat enough though.
1786	Head of The Ned	2013-04-03	He will probably be signed for next season
1787	Chuck88	2013-04-03	What's his point to put him in?Well I'm not a writer on the show so I don't know. I would suggest perhaps outside Meereen, via one of the sellsword companies or something. Do you have a link to where GRRM said he definitely won't be in the series at all?
1788	Reposado	2013-04-03	I thought the immediate Ser Barristan reveal turned out to be not much more than a throwaway scene and I found that rather disappointing.  Everyone keeps saying that Barristan hiding who he was wouldn't have worked in the show, but I completely disagree.It is true that Barristan couldn't have kept his identity a secret from the HBO audience because yes, people would have figured it out.  However, what everyone keeps forgetting about it his motive for keeping his name hidden in the books.  The whole reason he hid himself was so he could study Dany to see if the madness of the Targaryens ran in her blood, and so instead of his person being a mystery to the home audience, the writers could have played his motive for keeping himself hidden a mystery.agree it definitely could work. its allowable to hide something from characters that the audience knows. this is usually called suspense.buut, im not sure if it would be great in this case, because there really isnt enough time for barristan to actually form an opinion on dany like he did in the books. a lot of that getting to know her was on the boat, and now he wasnt there for that.
1789	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	I thought the immediate Ser Barristan reveal turned out to be not much more than a throwaway scene and I found that rather disappointing.  Everyone keeps saying that Barristan hiding who he was wouldn't have worked in the show, but I completely disagree.It is true that Barristan couldn't have kept his identity a secret from the HBO audience because yes, people would have figured it out.  However, what everyone keeps forgetting about it his motive for keeping his name hidden in the books.  The whole reason he hid himself was so he could study Dany to see if the madness of the Targaryens ran in her blood, and so instead of his person being a mystery to the home audience, the writers could have played his motive for keeping himself hidden a mystery.I could see the speculation shifting from "who is Arstan Whitebeard" to "why is Selmy not telling Dany who he really is" and then going from there to speculating if perhaps he's trying to curry favor with the Lannisters or the Starks by assassinating her, if he's there to protect her, etc.You raise a fair point: hadn't thought of this. I guess it does make Barristan look a bit fickle now, running back to the last Targaryen, despite betraying her family, failing to mention that Aerys was a nutjob, just assuming his daughter is perfectly pure. Damn, you've ruined the scene for me now!!
1790	LordStoneheart	2013-04-04	He is mistaking him for the long haired guy who doesn't look anything like the Daario Naharis i imaginedI think they're just cutting down the flamboyance. Nothing wrong with flamboyance, but based on the looks Dany and Daario give each other they'll make him look tougher. To make a fine suitor maybe.
1791	Arya Stalka	2013-04-04	I just hope they keep tormund's braggadocio about his member!I loved that! I lol'ed every time I'd read about his huge member! Can't see why they'd exclude it.Eta: oh main subject... I loved Belwas! They can have him in the background and give him one liners.  I still have hope they'll bring him in later.
					
					
							Edited by Arya Stalka, 04 April 2013 - 12:56 AM.
1792	kevin1989	2013-04-04	Well I'm not a writer on the show so I don't know. I would suggest perhaps outside Meereen, via one of the sellsword companies or something. Do you have a link to where GRRM said he definitely won't be in the series at all?I meant what important role need he fulfill in the show, I mean we all know why cat are in, and Varys. But what important role must Belwas fulfill in the show?Uh was one of almost a year ago. A short interview, that one of fan favorite characters won't be in the show. Who else but Belwas? His role isn't important enough for be in the show.
1793	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-04	I love Belwas in the books and I am keeping faith that he comes in next season.  Him taking a dump in front of the city after killing their champion is one of the best scenes in the books!  He would be great.
1794	Lord of Cheese	2013-04-04	Belwas is one of so much 'fine detail' in you find in the books that made the stories so wonderful. Its sad that he may not be in it.
For me it wouldnt seem to cost the show anything to have Belwas. Its not like he will steal a lot of air time. A few short scenes, a few short words and its done. boom! youd then have Belwas making the show epic.
1795	Chuck88	2013-04-05	http://wicnet.tumblr...-be-part-of-the
As a few posters mentoned, not gonna be in the series at all sadly.
Lame. Super lame.
I can understand some characters need to be cut, I suppose. Ah well, at least we get Prendahl Na Gezn /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
1796	Black Frog	2013-04-05	They could have included him, he doesn't require much presentation and they don't need to hire a great actor to portray him anyway. But than again, they can still introduce him later.
I see a lot of value in the lesser characters, I think that just having important characters makes the world fill small.
					
					
							Edited by Black Frog, 05 April 2013 - 11:14 PM.
1797	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-06	I think they made the right call. Bewas is as flat a character as it gets with GRRM and if his absence means more money to do better things, it was a good decision. Pehaps this will even help stablish how Jorah and Barristan don't like each other, their relationship could prove interesting if well written.
I will only miss:
"A better knight than you, ser."
1798	kevin1989	2013-04-06	I think they made the right call. Bewas is as flat a character as it gets with GRRM and if his absence means more money to do better things, it was a good decision. Pehaps this will even help stablish how Jorah and Barristan don't like each other, their relationship could prove interesting if well written.I will only miss:"A better knight than you, ser."And don't forget that there are a lot of characters, it will weaken the important characters like Onella if you include too much characters, so skipping Belwas was the right call.
1799	boojam	2013-04-07	Yeah the 65 year old dude acting as a squire for a completely unknown and foreign comic relief character would not play out so well on TV. In fact it's pretty silly in the books and only ok because Barristan Selmy is so awesome. Belwas is a cartoon character - my opinion is that it would be kind of lame on TV.No it did not play well in the book, in fact one GRRMs editors should have said "You have a pro wrestler oaf , who is not even a knight, with an older man who is his squire.' George this is silly.George likes to play court jester at times.Illyrio sent Selmy and Belwas ... for some reason. I can remember from the books, maybe Selmy knew Illyrio, and is a military man tho Dany only seems to use him a little in that regard, Belwas makes an imposing (and capable bodyguard).As I remember from the books Selmy saves Dany's life a second time from a , I think, Astapor assassin.Illyrio , seems, to be protecting Dany.As I remember from the book Selmy and Jorah are not openly hostile to one another , just not friends. Jorah is always jealous of Dany having another man around her not matter how non romantic he might be.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 07 April 2013 - 02:49 PM.
1800	Cruella	2013-04-08	I am actually glad they cut him out. He's cartoonish in the books and they need to give existing cast things to do rather than waste it on two-bit tertiary character. For example, give fight with Hero to Barristan. Time is precious and should be spend on truly important things, let this fight build up an important character (barristan or Daario). TV viewers have too many characters to remember as it is.
1801	PotterNo1	2013-04-08	You will actually not believe how annoyed I am by the absence of Strong Belwas! He is one of my favourite characters!
1802	Masamune	2013-04-08	Just forget everything you know about Dany's storyline.
1803	kevin1989	2013-04-09	http://winteriscomin...s-has-been-cut/
1804	boojam	2013-04-10	http://winteriscomin...s-has-been-cut/Yes over on Not a Blog GRRM has definitely confirmed that Belwas is gone gone.Well it's kind of odd. At KL and in Westeros there is a train-load of characters, even having cut many out.In the East , even in the books, there just are not that many and so far D and D have cut a lot of those out (like all of Dany's Dothraki handmaidens , just how many Blood Riders are there left? ).Ok , well Belwas had only one important scene, and in the show they could have made him less comic, but he did play his part as a decoration that added color which is sometimes needed in Dany's story. I think D and D have personal likes and dislikes that are not based on logistics.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 10 April 2013 - 06:06 AM.
1805	kevin1989	2013-04-10	Yes over on Not a Blog GRRM has definitely confirmed that Belwas is gone gone.Well it's kind of odd. At KL and in Westeros there is a train-load of characters, even having cut many out.In the East , even in the books, there just are not that many and so far D and D have cut a lot of those out (like all of Dany's Dothraki handmaidens , just how many Blood Riders are there left? ).Ok , well Belwas had only one important scene, and in the show they could have made him less comic, but he did play his part as a decoration that added color which is sometimes needed in Dany's story.I think D and D have personal likes and dislikes that are not based on logistics.I'm happy he's gone. The only important part he has to play is the battle of the hero, which I think will be cut and instead of battle the Hero, there will be strategy on how to take Mereen. And another important part is that he's sick in DwD after eating locusts, that can be given to an Unsulied or even a Dotraki.About killing many important characters with Danny and not so much in KL. I think they look at the importants of the characters. Irri part could be given to Missainde, making here more important in the show. Some dotraki parts can be given to other Dotraki characters etc there is no need to worry here for later on.As for KL, you can't cut the QoT or Varys etc, they are important for later on. And not only for decoration but they really do something, that can't be given to somebody else. And don't forget that the KL plot is much bigger than that of Danny.
1806	boojam	2013-04-10	I'm happy he's gone. The only important part he has to play is the battle of the hero, which I think will be cut and instead of battle the Hero, there will be strategy on how to take Mereen. And another important part is that he's sick in DwD after eating locusts, that can be given to an Unsulied or even a Dotraki.About killing many important characters with Danny and not so much in KL. I think they look at the importants of the characters. Irri part could be given to Missainde, making here more important in the show. Some dotraki parts can be given to other Dotraki characters etc there is no need to worry here for later on.As for KL, you can't cut the QoT or Varys etc, they are important for later on. And not only for decoration but they really do something, that can't be given to somebody else. And don't forget that the KL plot is much bigger than that of Danny.Ok I agree Belwas can go.But Dany's inner circle of Dothraki was an important (sort of) spiritual connection to the Dothraki, at least that is the feeling I got. The Blood Riders do more than the hand maidens but should have filled those roles with non speaking low paid extras. Makes me feel some of the undercurrent of continuity has been tossed out.Tho on the show her ' khalasar' , tho I wonder if one can call that a  khalasar?, are still with her, even by end of ADwD she still has those 70 so, tho it's anybodies guess where they are!
1807	wolverine	2013-04-10	And don't forget that there are a lot of characters, it will weaken the important characters like Onella if you include too much characters, so skipping Belwas was the right call.Who???
1808	kevin1989	2013-04-11	Who???wow, I mean Olenna.
1809	liverandonions	2013-04-15	guys it's ok I heard they're going to have Ros fill Strong Belwas' role in the show
1810	Stubby	2013-04-02	Part 2.  Remember Ran's introductory cmment from the previous thread:Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.Carry on...
1811	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	Also loved the entire kraznys exchange which was almost straight from the books, although it did leave me with one question: They didnt have to kill a baby in the book right? I remember they had to raise a puppy and kill it to complete their training or something, but never heard of baby murder.Great episode overall, and can't wait to see more!The baby murder part is straight from the books, but it's funny... my friend who's read the book once made the same comment; she remembered the dog-murder part but not the baby-killing and asked me if they made up that baby stuff for the show.Just goes to show you how repulsed most of us are by the killing of some (cute) anmials but not others... but that's better left for a General Chatter thread.On an entirely separate note, did anyone think Gregor would have willingly abandoned Harenhal even though Tywin told him to hold it?  Could he have received a message telling him to abandon the castle if the Northmen are about to take it?  Gregor seems like a stubborn, bullheaded fellow, who would fight till the bitter end.  What would cause him to run?
1812	protar	2013-04-03	The baby murder part is straight from the books, but it's funny... my friend who's read the book once made the same comment; she remembered the dog-murder part but not the baby-killing and asked me if they made up that baby stuff for the show.Just goes to show you how repulsed most of us are by the killing of some (cute) anmials but not others... but that's better left for a General Chatter thread.On an entirely separate note, did anyone think Gregor would have willingly abandoned Harenhal even though Tywin told him to hold it?  Could he have received a message telling him to abandon the castle if the Northmen are about to take it?  Gregor seems like a stubborn, bullheaded fellow, who would fight till the bitter end.  What would cause him to run?The plot?In all seriousness I'd say that Tywin probably ordered him to clear out shop and The Mountain did that the only way he knew how. It's also possible that with Jaime free he felt he could kill prisoners without repercussions.
1813	Loras	2013-04-03	The plot?In all seriousness I'd say that Tywin probably ordered him to clear out shop and The Mountain did that the only way he knew how. It's also possible that with Jaime free he felt he could kill prisoners without repercussions.That was certainly implied in the scene.  That was the reason that Cat got put in a cell, to appease everybody else.
1814	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Except it didn't. On a loosely related note, does anyone think that Bolton could already be in the pay of Tywin at this point? The letters Tywin was writing in the Tyrion/Tywin scene seemed to give us glimpses of his preparation for RW, and Bolton spoke of having "his best hunter" after Jamie. Could that possibly be leading to Bolton hunting for a different master? Tenuous link i know, might only be because i know where it all goes. Thoughts?
1815	iYT	2013-04-03	I was kind disappointed with Missandei, the young girl wise beyond her years. It may just be me, but i get the feeling that she is going to be( or come off as) less impressive in the HBO series. Missandei's age may not change anything for the story, yet I fear the dynamics of her and Daenerys relationship will have to be different then that of the books.
1816	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	I was kind disappointed with Missandei, the young girl wise beyond her years. It may just be me, but i get the feeling that she is going to be( or come off as) less impressive in the HBO series. Missandei's age may not change anything for the story, yet I fear the dynamics of her and Daenerys relationship will have to be different then that of the books.Of course her relationship with Dany is going to "be different".  First, just look at Missandei.  She is not the sweet little prepubescent child from the books, wise beyond her years, but rather an exotic beauty shaped like Jessica Rabbit and dressed like a porno Pocohantas.  She oozes sex, and it's clear that she's going to be doing lesbo scenes with the Khaleesi in no time flat.   This will not only be fun, but necessary in order to say semi-faithful to the books.  All of Dany's handmaidens are now dead in the show (except Jhiqui, who was in one episode and vanished into thin air), so she needs a new handmaiden to hand her things in the daytime and to use her hands on her when she gets lonely at night.Looking beyond the bewildering hotness of Nathalie Emmanuel for a moment, I admit that I will miss the Missandei of the books; I thought the relationship between her and Dany was very sweet and very sad, and we will get to see very little of that now.But I won't complain too much when the lesbian scenes air.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 03 April 2013 - 07:30 AM.
1817	Valar Flaturis	2013-04-15	Does anyone know why they called Episode I Valar Dohaeris?  I would've assumed the episode with that title would be the one where Arya meets the Braavosi captain.  As far as I know no one said it in the episode.
1818	Lord Pupo	2013-04-05	What did you guys think Tormund's role will end up being? I really didn't like how they changed his personality, since for me he always was one of the funniest characters, and i was looking forward to seeing some "member" jokes.
Will this change anything relevant in the story, specially in the future "pact", since he always was fond of Jon to start with?
1819	samih	2013-04-07	He's only been in one scene and only had a few lines. It's still early to claim that they changed his personality. But yea I hope they don't change him too. You're right, he really is one of the funniest characters.
1820	Ser Luke.	2013-04-07	He's only had a very small part so far, but I like the guy they got to play him, so hopefully it works out fine.
1821	go joff go	2013-04-07	I don't get this criticism, at least not yet.  He had 3 lines one of which was a joke.  Plus I hope he never says har.  Not a fan of things that would be corny if said out loud.
1822	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-07	Yeh, you can't say "HAR" on TV, they'd have to make it a generic "HA."
I think he will open up to Jon a bit, but I expect him to stay relatively more intense than in the books. I just hope at some point someone says "Tormund Giantsbane sounds a lot better than Tormund Giantsbabe."
1823	The Hound's Lady	2013-04-07	I think the actor has a really good look, he's just way to young.  He's supposed to have grown kids.  I mean yeah, they had kids young back then but I always pictured him being at least as old as Mance.  I would like to see more joviality from him but in that scene he was trying to be intimidating so I think there is still plenty of room for that aspect of his character.
	Spoiler I'm really concerned that they have him climbing the Wall though. How the hell are they going to resolve that without killing him off way too early?
1824	Ghost714	2013-04-07	I think the actor has a really good look, he's just way to young.  He's supposed to have grown kids.  I mean yeah, they had kids young back then but I always pictured him being at least as old as Mance.  I would like to see more joviality from him but in that scene he was trying to be intimidating so I think there is still plenty of room for that aspect of his character.
	Spoiler I'm really concerned that they have him climbing the Wall though. How the hell are they going to resolve that without killing him off way too early?,
He will probably be captured, not killed, and he might act as Jon's ambassador to the Wildlings, until they bring Val on the show. Hell, they might not even bring Val on the show, and Tormond might just have that role all together, as far as going out and finding the Wildlings for Jon after the battle and stuff.
1825	Lord Pupo	2013-04-08	Yeah, i guess it really is early to be wondering so much, i just got worried cause i like him so much lol. And i always feel some good comedy is nice to lighten up the mood sometimes in a series where so many are dying or losing limbs and family members.I think the actor has a really good look, he's just way to young.  He's supposed to have grown kids.  I mean yeah, they had kids young back then but I always pictured him being at least as old as Mance.  I would like to see more joviality from him but in that scene he was trying to be intimidating so I think there is still plenty of room for that aspect of his character.That's true, i also felt that he looked kind of young. Maybe they won't even mention his kids or anything, to save more space, since the show is already kind of crowded.
1826	kissdbyfire	2013-04-13	He's a good actor but way too young, imo. I love the character Tormund but now I'm not so sure about TV show Tormund. Also, wasn't he climbing an ice wall ('the' Wall, I assume) in one of the trailers? Don't like it... /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1827	MoA«t	2013-04-01	Was I the only person who noticed a smoking Winterfell? That just wrenched my heart!
And of course, Astapor.
1828	She_Wolf	2013-04-02	I noticed it changed by season, but I just read that its different every episode based on the locations featured... also who holds the location and whether it remains intact.http://www.forbes.co...fe-in-season-3/
					
					
							Edited by She_Wolf, 02 April 2013 - 09:41 AM.
1829	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	The ruined Winterfell was sad. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1830	jons nissa	2013-04-02	i love what they do with the title sequence of each episode. burning winterfell is sad indeed.
1831	The Black Prince	2013-04-02	Me too! But Winterfell will be rebuilt and restored to the Starks! All those who burnt it will be doomed!
P.S: This is not a spoiler. It's just speculative and has nothing to do with the series.
1832	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-02	Its a great addition. Also Astapor looks great!
1833	cybobbie	2013-04-02	Loved the new additions too, but as many watching all the smoke in Winterfell was very sad /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1834	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Yeah, burning Winterfell was sad but also kind of awesome. I think they've nailed Astapor in the credits and again from afar when Dany was on the boat. Awesome harpy was awesome.
However, I wish they'd mix it up for north of the Wall. Nothing happens at Castle Black; let's see Mance's camp or the Fist of the First Men.
1835	Queen of Whores	2013-04-02	Yeah, I think it would be great if for the North it was like this in the opening credits:
Season 1: Castle Black/The Wall
Season 2: The Fist of the First Men
Season 3: Mance's camp
Season 4: Castle Black/The Wall
But I guess the Wall is more symbolic of everything beyond it.
1836	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-02	Love it, can't wait to see the Dreadfort and Oldtown.
1837	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-02	However, I wish they'd mix it up for north of the Wall. Nothing happens at Castle Black; let's see Mance's camp or the Fist of the First Men.Yeah. It would be awesome if we have Mance's camp, too: with hundreds and thousands of tents with giants and mammoths. Doesn't need to be castles only.Sad to see Winterfell burning /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />, but it's the Winterfell theme this season so it fits.
1838	Franz95	2013-04-02	Burning Winterfell was sadly amazing (or amazingly sad?), but I wish the credits change a bit during the season (In season 1 they changed a lot more than they did in season 2...), they might show Riverrun or the Hollow Hill or the Twins or definitely something beyond that Wall.
1839	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-02	Burning Winterfell was so sad. It made me tear up. I felt somewhat vindicated reading on here and TWOP that other people got teary, my husband was teasing me about it. He's not a bookreader and really only watches because I do. Also with Winterfell, seeing the weirwood still growing and intact added to my emotional reaction. Winterfell might be in ruins, but the old gods are still there. Its heart remains.
Astapor looked great. I can't wait to see Riverrun in the credits. I would hate to lose the Wall, even though they aren't really at the Wall itself. Seeing the elevator go up is one of my favorite parts.
1840	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-02	I also like the fact that they change the opening credits to follow the story, even the smoking Winterfell.
1841	ebevan91	2013-04-02	We're going to have like 20 different locations by the time we get to season 5.
1842	Tony Soprano	2013-04-02	Burning Winterfell made me sad too. But then Astapor made me happy. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
I absolutely love what they've done with the place, both in the title sequence and in the show itself. For me, Astapor is by far the most amazing location I've seen. Hopefully Meereen will ook just as good, or even better. 
I hadn't noticed that there are House sigils next to the cast members' names. It's a nice touch. 
Also, I hope we get the Dreadfort when they pick up Theon's story. I'd love to see what that place looks like.
1843	tito5601	2013-04-02	Love it, can't wait to see the Dreadfort and Oldtown. for some reason i doubht we will see either, it seems winterfell represents the whole north just like castle black covers the fist of the first men and mance camp
1844	Nezzer	2013-04-02	for some reason i doubht we will see either, it seems winterfell represents the whole north just like castle black covers the fist of the first men and mance campI think we will see the Dreadfort eventually, but not this season.
1845	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	I'd put a golden dragon on us seeing the Twins in the credits for... stuff.
1846	Nezzer	2013-04-02	I'd put a golden dragon on us seeing the Twins in the credits for... stuff.I'm absolutely certain the Twins will be there. It appeared in the credits in the first season.
1847	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	I thought the harpy in Astapor is great. I can't wait to see what more they come up with. I like how they are showing the places based on where the episode is going... It will be a little clue of what to expect (or hope for).
1848	Ice Turtle	2013-04-02	I'm already looking forward to 
	Spoiler Braavos

thought I will need to wait few seasons for that.  
Was Pentos shown in season 1?
1849	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	I'm already looking forward to
	Spoiler Braavos
thought I will need to wait few seasons for that.  Was Pentos shown in season 1?Pentos was, yes. Just checked the titles of S1, Ep 1.But, fuck, yes, Braavos is going to be awesome. Not just the title scene but the actual CGI of the Titan and the canals and stuff.Bah, season 3 has just started and now I'm longing for Cat of the Canals.
1850	TigerKarl	2013-04-02	They should only use places that are actually going to appear in the show for each title sequence. There was no WInterfell, no Wall, which makes it weird.
1851	MoA«t	2013-04-02	They should only use places that are actually going to appear in the show for each title sequence. There was no WInterfell, no Wall, which makes it weird.I think The Wall represents everything north of it, since there really are no permanent encampments, including Craster's, as I'm sure he'd move if he needed to. The Nomadic spirit embodies everything and everyone north of The Wall.As for no Winterfell, I don't think I could stand that, since the story pretty much begins there (well... after the White Walker business....), and the story is still anchored with The Starks. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> And yes.... the Heart Tree is still there. /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
1852	tito5601	2013-04-02	I think The Wall represents everything north of it, since there really are no permanent encampments, including Craster's, as I'm sure he'd move if he needed to. The Nomadic spirit embodies everything and everyone north of The Wall.As for no Winterfell, I don't think I could stand that, since the story pretty much begins there (well... after the White Walker business....), and the story is still anchored with The Starks. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> And yes.... the Heart Tree is still there. /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> i was suprised the heart tree didnt burn also, i guess the old gods are rlly out there lool
1853	franko99	2013-04-02	They should only use places that are actually going to appear in the show for each title sequence. There was no WInterfell, no Wall, which makes it weird.Just like in season 2, Castle Black represent the NW and everything north of the Wall, and Winterfell represent the Starks, as long as there is a Stark alive, Winterfell will be there, just like Pyke represented Greyjoy last season and was shown even though we leave the Iron Island by episode 5
1854	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	its not just the visual of Winterfell burnt and smoking, the music seemed to get extra heart-breaking. Or does it just feel that way?
1855	LordStoneheart	2013-04-02	If they do show the transition to the Dreadfort, that's going to be a kind of awkward as far as syncing it to the music I think. It's close to winterfell, as far as the way they do this map. Unless they do it after the Wall, but I think the Wall is always the last part of Westeros we're supposed to see before going onto Essos.
1856	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-02	I think it's the greatest title sequence (all seasons, not just this one) in television history. The sweeping majesty of it is just unparalleled.
1857	_CaptainRon	2013-04-02	Never noticed, Iv'e always watched off of the dvr and skipped through the opening sequence. I'll have to check it out next week.
1858	Lord Godric	2013-04-02	I'm already looking forward to
	Spoiler Braavos
thought I will need to wait few seasons for that.  Was Pentos shown in season 1?I'm looking forward to it too, definitely.  I hope they do it justice though.  It needs to be ALL canals.And of course, I was just expecting to not see Winterfell at all since no one is there anymore, but the ruins and the smoking heap instead of the Stark sigil was just terribly sad.  But very effective.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 02 April 2013 - 10:30 PM.
1859	Nictarion	2013-04-03	Best title sequence on tv.
1860	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-03	Video, if you want to.Burnt Winterfell /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1861	Loras	2013-04-03	I guess Winterfell is still there because of its thematic importance this year.  "It's not dead, just broken.  Like me."I am wondering whether we will see 
	Spoiler Queenscrown
.I echo the sentiment about Braavos!  Clockwork Titan rising out of the cliffs should be spectacular!As for the Wall - that's where everyone is trying to get to anyway: Jon, Sam and Bran.  So it is important that it stays.
1862	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	I liked the smoking Winterfell touch, but I'm kind of unsure why it was there at all, given that none of the episode took place there. I guess just because it always has up till now, and is a crucial location to the story as a whole...
1863	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	The ruined Winterfell was sad. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />It really was. =o( But I thought it was a brilliant idea to include Winterfell like that.
1864	lightbringer333	2013-04-03	i saw yunkai too when view is taken to astapor. blocks are not rising up but we can see baseline of yunkai just next to astapor.
1865	Calidad	2013-04-03	The shows rendition of Slavers Bay doesn't actually seem big enough to have Astapor, Yunkai and Meereen, but perhaps I'm just being silly. I don't see why they would need to merge the cities though.
1866	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-03	I just wished 
	Spoiler Highgarden
 was included in the title sequence, too, since the Tyrells will play a big part on the story this season 
	Spoiler even though no scene was taken in the Reach.
 /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' /> Best title sequence on tv. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> And the music is epicness - gives you a feeling of excitement.
1867	Kasrith	2013-04-05	I am wondering whether we will see 
	Spoiler Queenscrown
.I doubt it'll be in the title sequence though
1868	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-06	Yeah I loved the burning Winterfell, nice touch. Probably the best title sequence, and one of the longest too. (Not that theres anything wrong with that).
1869	Waylin Stark	2013-04-06	Smoking Winterfell was really sad, but a great touch. And Astapor was amazing. I can't wait for them to add more of the Riverlands, Oldtown and the other slave cities. And I guess we'll see the Twins. And later on the House of Black and White will be amazing.
1870	One of Three	2013-04-07	I'd rather hoped that they would take Winterfell out since no one is there anymore. The smoking Winterfell though is a way of rather clunkingly getting around it, but however...
Q: Where did Catelyn go to meet Renly in season 2 and, if it was an actual place, how come it wasn't shown on the opening titles?
1871	ebevan91	2013-04-07	I don't think it was said where that was. Just somewhere in the Stormlands.
1872	Joyful Union	2013-04-07	Does anyone have a really Hi-Def screen, because there is name underneath the second city in Slaver's Bay. If anyone can make out the writing, it could be either Mereen or Yunkai, but I cant tell.
1873	Clariana	2013-04-07	I'd rather hoped that they would take Winterfell out since no one is there anymore. The smoking Winterfell though is a way of rather clunkingly getting around it, but however...Theon is still there...  And "boy", probably.
1874	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	Does anyone have a really Hi-Def screen, because there is name underneath the second city in Slaver's Bay. If anyone can make out the writing, it could be either Mereen or Yunkai, but I cant tell.Yeah I noticed that too and paused on the sequence it was really hard to see but my best guess n Yunkai
1875	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-07	Yeah I noticed that too and paused on the sequence it was really hard to see but my best guess n YunkaiIt is Yunkai. It's blurry but the first letter is quite clearly a Y, and the word doesn't look very close to Mereen.
1876	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-08	I really enjoyed the new sequence especially the burning Winterfell, but I also wish they could give us a new animation for beyond the wall since they haven't actually been at the wall since season 1. One day I'd love to see a Riverrun section, but at this point not sure we'll get one
1877	Theda Baratheon	2013-04-11	The burning Winterfell was so sad and the Harpy statue was AWESOME.
1878	ebevan91	2013-04-11	Hopefully we get Riverrun (and if it's revealed, the Dreadfort).
1879	Dove	2013-04-11	The burning Winterfell is great, it prompted a collective "Awww /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> " from all of us. I'm pretty eager to see if we get Riverrun, the Twins, and a Dreadfort reveal too.
1880	jon crow	2013-04-12	'there must always be a winterfell in the title sequence.'
1881	Alizard Pyre	2013-04-10	Hello,
Something i thought about watching this first episode was: When Cersei visits Tyrion in his new chambers, Bronn is called by Poddrick. When he arrives, two kingsguard await in front of the door.
Bronn mocks them and before long they're ready to fight.
Bronn seems really really confident when he's got only some kind of machete, vs 2 kingsguard in full armor with longswords... 
I was wondering if it was only his temper, him being some sort of reckless lucky man or if he is really so good he thinks he can kill two armored knights with a short blade. I know that Bronn is supposed to be an unknown great fighter, but I personally think he'd have died if not for Cersei leaving the room soon enough.
What do you think?
1882	tito5601	2013-03-31	hey just a few questions about the astapor scenes, what language was the slaver speaking and also now that they revealed barristan selmy earlier than expected how will they finish off her storyline for the season?
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 31 March 2013 - 09:28 PM.
1883	Ran	2013-03-31	Kraznys was speaking the low Valyrian dialect of the Ghiscari slaver cities, much as in the books.
I think, obviously, a big reveal about Barristan isn't really going to factor into things.
1884	Burford11	2013-03-31	That was High Valyrian I assume.
Given the title of episode 10 (Mhysa), I think Dany's season will end after taking Yunkai, just before heading to Meereen.
1885	Dragon of Valyria	2013-03-31	Not high Valyrian -- but the bastard Valyrian spoken in the Ghiscari cities. Still, it's amazing to see any form of Valyrian spoken. I know we've been wondering what they'd do with that scene since season 1 when we saw them develop Dothraki.
1886	tito5601	2013-03-31	ahh okay i understand cause i also thought valyrian but i imagined it would sound way different but as u guys just let me know its not high valyrian thanks
1887	boojam	2013-03-31	hey just a few questions about the astapor scenes, what language was the slaver speaking and also now that they revealed barristan selmy earlier than expected how will they finish off her storyline for the season?I thought a former pit gladiator with an old man as a squire was about as silly a story as George could have constructed.The scene played out as it did in my mind,  Jorah would have known from the get go exactly who it was.So D and D cut to the chase.I am still hoping Belwas will show up , sometime.I am not sure I like the little girl assassination attempt , I guess they were implying she was sent by the House of Undying? Too hard to explain about the Sorrowful Men , yeah I understand that. Well I liked the Low Valyrian , but I guessed wrong that in this episode that Missandei would be given to Dany , whereupon she would say Valar Morghulis and Dany would respond with Valar Dohaeris thus surprising Missandei that Dany spoke Valyrian.Thus , as with episode 10 of season 2, give the name of the show explicitly.
1888	Dragon of Valyria	2013-03-31	What do we think about Valyrian, anyway? Any similarities to real languages, at least in terms of feel/tone (probably not vocab since it's all made up)? It sounds less harsh and guttural than Dothraki. 
Personally, the language strongly reminded me of Greek. 
edit: scratch that, there's a bit of romance vocab too -- "knight" was "chevali" 
edit2: oh, and we have "morhur" or something for death, which is both Latinate sounding and has a nice resemblance to morghulis. Then there's mhysa being used, which isn't properly Valyrian, but the Ghiscari version has a lot of Ghiscari admixtures so that's ok.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 01 April 2013 - 12:14 AM.
1889	_Oberyn_	2013-04-01	Hmm "Astapor". A glimpse of the outside then non existent, even worse than Qarth.
1890	Dma2282	2013-04-01	hey just a few questions about the astapor scenes, what language was the slaver speaking and also now that they revealed barristan selmy earlier than expected how will they finish off her storyline for the season?I thought a former pit gladiator with an old man as a squire was about as silly a story as George could have constructed.The scene played out as it did in my mind,  Jorah would have known from the get go exactly who it was.So D and D cut to the chase.I am still hoping Belwas will show up , sometime.I am not sure I like the little girl assassination attempt , I guess they were implying she was sent by the House of Undying? Too hard to explain about the Sorrowful Men , yeah I understand that.Well I liked the Low Valyrian , but I guessed wrong that in this episode that Missandei would be given to Dany , whereupon she would say Valar Morghulis and Dany would respond with Valar Dohaeris thus surprising Missandei that Dany spoke Valyrian.Thus , as with episode 10 of season 2, give the name of the show explicitly.Whoa, wait. Danny meets Selmy at the end of book 2, right? They just moved it from last season to this season.
1891	StarkDragon	2013-04-01	Whoa, wait. Danny meets Selmy at the end of book 2, right? They just moved it from last season to this season.Pity, I could've seen the Dramatic entrance of Barriston as a Season 2 ender. Oh wellz.
1892	The Ghost of Winter	2013-04-01	Valryian reminded me of Hebrew a bit, perhaps it was the extreme throat sounds. I figured that the fake languages may have some real influences at times.
1893	Reznak mo Reznak	2013-04-01	notice that they had the word 'mhysa' in there when talking about the mothers of the babies?
1894	tito5601	2013-04-01	Valryian reminded me of Hebrew a bit, perhaps it was the extreme throat sounds. I figured that the fake languages may have some real influences at times. i speak hebrew at home doesnt sound like that at all hahaha
1895	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-01	Edit
					
					
							Edited by Rhaegarsjoy, 01 April 2013 - 02:29 AM.
1896	Bayard	2013-04-01	What do we think about Valyrian, anyway? Any similarities to real languages, at least in terms of feel/tone (probably not vocab since it's all made up)? It sounds less harsh and guttural than Dothraki.Personally, the language strongly reminded me of Greek.Yes, I was thinking the same thing, it sounded a little Greek. But the words themselves, not really. I heard an interview, where the creator knew everything about the Valyrian language, its backstory, the way it's spoken... and he knew that the Valyrian Freehold was like the Roman Empire. Wouldn't it be funny if he made a language similar to Latin, but spoken like Greek?? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Anyway, as for Astapor, it was nice, I wasn't expecting to see the city, but they did give us a nice image. And after seeing the latest trailer, we will gate some more, when she leaves with the Unsullied through 5,6 gates. Probably Yunkai is gone... which is disappointing to say the least.
1897	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	In the very opening chapters of SoS Dany doesn't see too much of the city. We learn the bricks are red and there is a river. I think we got that much from the first episode.
1898	Ser Jake	2013-04-01	I thought that scene with Dany and Kraznys was one of the best in the show, definitely making me look forward to Dany's arc this season.
1899	Loras	2013-04-01	I really enjoyed the Dany scenes in Astapor too.  I thought that Astapor looked really beautiful (especially in that establishing shot) and I loved the location where she was shown some of the Unsullied.
I thought that the only confusing thing about the episode was that it did not establish that Dany understood Valyrian.  All they needed to do was have her fairly outraged in the final scene about Kraznys calling her a whore.
1900	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-01	Being a Greek speaker myself, Ghiscari didn't sound like Greek to me lol. It sounded strongly like Maltese.
1901	Bayard	2013-04-01	Being a Greek speaker myself, Ghiscari didn't sound like Greek to me lol. It sounded strongly like Maltese.Sorry, you can't be objective /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Interesting idea about Maltese... to me it didn't sound the same, but I've heard it only a couple of times. I also find it hard to believe that Peterson knows Maltese... but I may be wrong.
1902	Astaporridge	2013-04-01	Finally at Astapor! The scene in the city reminded me of the Middle Eastern city of Akko - really good stuff.
1903	boojam	2013-04-01	Hmm "Astapor". A glimpse of the outside then non existent, even worse than Qarth.You know I know Pixomondo is one of the premier VFX companies, and Astapor , from a distance, looked perfect.But gezz I was not aware VFX cost so much they could not do some CGI on the interior , or at least one POV when Dany was inside. I mean it looked ok but thought they were shooting for atmosphere this season so not Exotic at all.All the VFX for Dany's scenes go into the dragons? Which looked  Dynamite!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 April 2013 - 01:38 PM.
1904	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	The CGI team has really stepped up. Maybe it was the budget from the Blackwater. The dragons are much improved.
1905	Lord Jakkor	2013-04-01	I really enjoyed the Dany scenes in Astapor too.  I thought that Astapor looked really beautiful (especially in that establishing shot) and I loved the location where she was shown some of the Unsullied.I thought that the only confusing thing about the episode was that it did not establish that Dany understood Valyrian.  All they needed to do was have her fairly outraged in the final scene about Kraznys calling her a whore.I think in one of the Behind the Scenes clips Dany is speaking in Valyrian (or it may be Missandei again) so maybe they're revealing that in the next episode or two when she goes back. She glanced over at Missandei at one point which I felt was them noting she's understanding everything being said.
1906	Delmas	2013-04-01	I really enjoyed the Dany scenes in Astapor too.  I thought that Astapor looked really beautiful (especially in that establishing shot) and I loved the location where she was shown some of the Unsullied.I thought that the only confusing thing about the episode was that it did not establish that Dany understood Valyrian.  All they needed to do was have her fairly outraged in the final scene about Kraznys calling her a whore.Emilia really shows an expression on her face that screams she is being insulted but trying to supress her emotion.  Dany certainly understands the slave master but I am pretty sure she willl not reveal she speaks it until she is getting ready to kill the guy.
1907	boojam	2013-04-01	I think in one of the Behind the Scenes clips Dany is speaking in Valyrian (or it may be Missandei again) so maybe they're revealing that in the next episode or two when she goes back. She glanced over at Missandei at one point which I felt was them noting she's understanding everything being said.I think you must be mistaking that 'pirate' video from a (temporary?) crew member, where she is riding a horse and speaking to the Unsullied either high or low Valyrian. (Is that video still out there?)I really don't understand what happened, D and D made it explicitly clear season 1 episode 1 that there was a language called Dothraki.I simple subtitle 'Speaking Low Valyrian' would not have been intrusive, or having Missandei mention in one sentence she would be translating from Low Valyrian to common tongue.Or better yet while Dany and Ser Jorah were together, having him quickly advise her not to let on that she spoke Valyrian, as it was in the books. Which primed the reader to know that Dany now had an advantage in evaluating  Kraznys.I did not like that deletion, despite looks between Missandei and Dany.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 01 April 2013 - 07:26 PM.
1908	boojam	2013-04-01	Emilia really shows an exp<b></b>ression on her face that screams she is being insulted but trying to supress her emotion.  Dany certainly understands the slave master but I am pretty sure she willl not reveal she speaks it until she is getting ready to kill the guy.I think they do it as in the book. We have already seen stills of Dany with Missandei after she has been given to her.It was at that point in the books, and for the first time , I think, Dany begins speaking Valyrian. I am going to suppose it to be High Valyrian which I am sure Missandei understands also.
1909	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-01	I was ready for the Valyrian speech after it was posted about on the sight yesterday, but boy was it amazing to hear spoken, and in a scene that played up the fun of translation, mistranslation, interpretation, and all manner of differing language tension. I expect the amazing work on this to be kept up, and for Dany to be speaking her fair share of high and low Valyrian by the end of the season. MHYSA!!!! MHYSA!!
1910	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-01	Dany doesn't speak Valyrian until she takes control of the Unsullied, if I remember correctly, and by that time Kraznys knows that he is fucked.
1911	Kasrith	2013-04-01	Personally, the language strongly reminded me of Greek.I do see the Greek type flow, but it's too throaty and reminds me more of a middle eastern/arabic dialect.
1912	boojam	2013-04-01	Dany doesn't speak Valyrian until she takes control of the Unsullied, if I remember correctly, and by that time Kraznys knows that he is fucked.Wrong Dany speaks Valyrian to Missandei right after Missandei is given to her.Missandei is surprised for a little bit.Seems to me Dany speaks Valyrian to some others before she does surprise Kraznys with it
1913	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-01	Wrong Dany speaks Valyrian to Missandei right after Missandei is given to her.Missandei is surprised for a little bit.Seems to me Dany speaks Valyrian to some others before she does surprise Kraznys with itUgh, Missandei is given to her ALONG with the Unsullied!
1914	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-01	I really enjoyed the Dany scenes in Astapor too.  I thought that Astapor looked really beautiful (especially in that establishing shot) and I loved the location where she was shown some of the Unsullied.I thought that the only confusing thing about the episode was that it did not establish that Dany understood Valyrian.  All they needed to do was have her fairly outraged in the final scene about Kraznys calling her a whore.Shock vs AwwwIf the audience could tell that she knew what the slave guy was saying then the slave guy should be able to tell as well...
1915	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-01	The fact that it was not mentioned that the Unsullied have to raise and kill a puppy as well as buy and kill a baby made so much sense to me. People get so upset when bad things happen to animals on TV, much more than when bad things happen to people, even children. People said they were going to boycott Mad Men when Duck left his dog outside on the sidewalk! (I love animals too, but I find this impulse so odd.)
1916	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-01	The fact that it was not mentioned that the Unsullied have to raise and kill a puppy as well as buy and kill a baby made so much sense to me. People get so upset when bad things happen to animals on TV, much more than when bad things happen to people, even children. People said they were going to boycott Mad Men when Duck left his dog outside on the sidewalk! (I love animals too, but I find this impulse so odd.)Many people don't see killing a puppy any differently than killing a pig or a cow, meat is meat, an animal is an animal.  Killing babies on the other hand... Mad Men hasn't suffered any, from what i can see, I cannot wait for season 6.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 01 April 2013 - 09:11 PM.
1917	Dareaper	2013-04-02	As already said, Dany's expresstion during the exchnage with the slaver is clearly that she knows what is being said.  Her head snaps over to look at him a few times before the translation, kinda like a 'wtf did you just say to me?!?!"  Then she would catch herself.  The slaver, of course beign an idiot did not notice.
1918	Tony Soprano	2013-04-02	The only thing I can say about Astapor so far is that it's beautiful. I fell in love with it the moment I saw it. It's a pretty, stylish city, but at the same time, gritty and gruesome. The actor playing Kraznys was amazing too. Hopefully he'll have at least two more episodes before the Dracarys moment.
1919	Montey14	2013-04-02	though it's plain to see that Dany understands the slaver and Missendei.....the only word she speaks in valaryian to the slaver is ....well.....the command she gives Drogon....but Kras is suppsoed to have real oily hair and be really greasy looking and quaffed and perfumed....I guess they can't make them so outlandish on screen.......they did the same for Illaryio....
1920	Montey14	2013-04-02	I think you must be mistaking that 'pirate' video from a (temporary?) crew member, where she is riding a horse and speaking to the Unsullied either high or low Valyrian. (Is that video still out there?)I really don't understand what happened, D and D made it explicitly clear season 1 episode 1 that there was a language called Dothraki.I simple subtitle 'Speaking Low Valyrian' would not have been intrusive, or having Missandei mention in one sentence she would be translating from Low Valyrian to common tongue.Or better yet while Dany and Ser Jorah were together, having him quickly advise her not to let on that she spoke Valyrian, as it was in the books. Which primed the reader to know that Dany now had an advantage in evaluating  Kraznys.I did not like that deletion, despite looks between Missandei and Dany.agreed.....they could have had Jorah whisper to her not let on that she could understand instead of having to go by Dany's expression....non readers would really find it hard to know that Dany understands....it could also be the look of annoyance like she feels she's being insulted just because she doesn't understand.....it's pretty difficult for non readers to catch on that Dany understnads....
1921	Titan	2013-04-02	I rewatched the episode, and I think I caught something... Dany repeats how the Unsullied give a coin of silver to the mother (before being corrected) - But Missandei never told her the silver part. (I think)... But Neither Missandei or Kraznys seems to catch it - but I think this might be a certain hint that she does understand. (I could be wrong, though)
Either way it was one of my favourite scenes of the episode!
1922	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-02	Kraznys was brilliant in this scene. His facial expressions and line delivery were spot on. Really looking forward to seeing more of him.
1923	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	I rewatched the episode, and I think I caught something... Dany repeats how the Unsullied give a coin of silver to the mother (before being corrected) - But Missandei never told her the silver part. (I think)... But Neither Missandei or Kraznys seems to catch it - but I think this might be a certain hint that she does understand. (I could be wrong, though)Either way it was one of my favourite scenes of the episode!Missandei's translation is all we get for those lines so yes, she mentions it. She calls it 'a silver mark' while Dany says 'a silver coin', so perhaps that little difference threw you off?
1924	cybobbie	2013-04-02	While watching this scene I had to control myself because I was watching it with my mom, that didn't read the books, so for her it will be a surprise later on that Dany understood all that was said. She was upset all the time that Kraznys was being so rude and disrespectful and I really had a hard time controlling my tongue. I have to see the scene again, but I think that Dany almost showed a smirk in a moment, kind of implying that she was getting all that was being said.
1925	boojam	2013-04-02	While watching this scene I had to control myself because I was watching it with my mom, that didn't read the books, so for her it will be a surprise later on that Dany understood all that was said. She was upset all the time that Kraznys was being so rude and disrespectful and I really had a hard time controlling my tongue. I have to see the scene again, but I think that Dany almost showed a smirk in a moment, kind of implying that she was getting all that was being said. Yes for readers we knew what was going on.But I kind of regret the way they did it because it was George's construction to build Dany's disgust for Kraznys.So its part of the narrative story and serves a dramatic purpose later.Alas did D and D miss the intent?
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 02 April 2013 - 03:22 PM.
1926	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-02	I think the story about the babies was all she needed for disgust. However, it would be nice if she reveals later that she understood.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Tempest, 02 April 2013 - 04:37 PM.
1927	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	It seemed Jorah knew a bit of what he was saying as well.  All in all, fantastic work.  What a huge turnaround for Dany's storyline from last year.  I can't wait to see how this season goes for her.  As much as i loved belwas in the books, im cool wot everything so far in astapor.
1928	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Yes for readers we knew what was going on.But I kind of regret the way they did it because it was George's construction to build Dany's disgust for Kraznys.So its part of the narrative story and serves a dramatic purpose later.Alas did D and D miss the intent?I dont think so.  We'll find out when she comes to buy them.
1929	Kasrith	2013-04-02	Sorry, you can't be objective /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. Interesting idea about Maltese... to me it didn't sound the same, but I've heard it only a couple of times. I also find it hard to believe that Peterson knows Maltese... but I may be wrong. But he can have somewhat ore knowledge on how Greek sounds /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />The addition of the throaty sounds makes it deviate from Greek quite a bit.
1930	Nikos Targaryen	2013-04-02	But he can have somewhat ore knowledge on how Greek sounds /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />The addition of the throaty sounds makes it deviate from Greek quite a bit.Yep.
1931	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-02	As already said, Dany's expresstion during the exchnage with the slaver is clearly that she knows what is being said.  Her head snaps over to look at him a few times before the translation, kinda like a 'wtf did you just say to me?!?!"  Then she would catch herself.  The slaver, of course beign an idiot did not notice.It's not about the slaver being an idiot, which of course he is, it's about TV.  People on TV never read each others facial expressions which they aren't meant to see or overhear a conversation that they are not meant to hear, regardless of the proximity to the speaker. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1932	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-03	It was a great scene between Danny and Kraznys and I was really glad they didn't just announce that Danny understood and instead just let the actors sell it. It wasn't so overt. Viewers could certainly miss it, but those of us in the know would pick up on it. It was the perfect way to play it IMO. 
Jorah actually gave the biggest tell when he was told he smells like piss.
1933	nomad_nyc	2013-04-08	Not sure if this is the best thread to put this on but I just had to get this off my chest and as a noob here did not want to start another topic:
In my opinion the Unsullied were pathetic!!!
These guys are supposed to be one of, if not THE most disciplined military forces in both Westeros and Esos and quite frankly they looked like pre-school kids in formation. As a former Army sergeant I have seen soldiers half-way into basic training behave better in formation. These guys were swaying from side to side, spears moving constantly, even caught one guy trying to shuffle to fix the horribly uneven rank and file... I don't even want to get started on left-face / right face mess...
Did the producers not plan this scene at all and just grabbed some extras of the street at the last minute?
This completely destroyed the nipple scene for me: made it completely unconvincing. (Sure, you don't wince when your nipple is cut off but you look like you have to piss in formation).
What do you guys/gals think? Am I being overly sensitive?
1934	cuendillar	2013-04-09	Not sure if this is the best thread to put this on but I just had to get this off my chest and as a noob here did not want to start another topic:In my opinion the Unsullied were pathetic!!!These guys are supposed to be one of, if not THE most disciplined military forces in both Westeros and Esos and quite frankly they looked like pre-school kids in formation. As a former Army sergeant I have seen soldiers half-way into basic training behave better in formation. These guys were swaying from side to side, spears moving constantly, even caught one guy trying to shuffle to fix the horribly uneven rank and file... I don't even want to get started on left-face / right face mess...Did the producers not plan this scene at all and just grabbed some extras of the street at the last minute?This completely destroyed the nipple scene for me: made it completely unconvincing. (Sure, you don't wince when your nipple is cut off but you look like you have to piss in formation).What do you guys/gals think? Am I being overly sensitive?Remember that they had stood there for a day and a night (according to Kraznys), so some swaying should be expected. Won't most people simply faint if standing immobile for far shorter time spans than that? Likely as not, they hadn't eaten anything in all that time as well - nor had a chance to piss, as you so vividly put it.No one could maintain perfect formation under those circumstances, no matter how tough or well-disciplined.
1935	tito5601	2013-04-09	Remember that they had stood there for a day and a night (according to Kraznys), so some swaying should be expected. Won't most people simply faint if standing immobile for far shorter time spans than that? Likely as not, they hadn't eaten anything in all that time as well - nor had a chance to piss, as you so vividly put it.No one could maintain perfect formation under those circumstances, no matter how tough or well-disciplined. yes i agree with u unsullied at the end of the day are people and if people dont sleep or eat they will feel very weak, i actually liked that they werent perfect because then it makes us remember that they are human. if it was any one of us standing in one position without food and sleep we would faint before morning.  thats why they are unsullied and we arent
1936	tito5601	2013-04-09	oh and id like to keep my balls and nipple
1937	Ran	2013-03-31	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
1938	Tourniquet	2013-03-31	Great episode all around. Only one question, what the hell is Ghost doing with the Lord Commander and not Jon?
1939	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-03-31	Great episode all around. Only one question, what the hell is Ghost doing with the Lord Commander and not Jon?I was thinking the same thing. Maybe he goes back and forth, especially since the NW is in more danger?
1940	Vuron	2013-03-31	Why the episode name?  Valar Dohaeris was always associated with Arya unless it's being used for Selmy.  And I don't recall the words ever being said during the episode.
1941	mafalda	2013-03-31	Valar morghulis (all men must die) is what was said to Arya at the end of S2. Valar dohaeris means all men must serve. And yeah, they weren't ever said during the episode, weird. Maybe the next one.
1942	BondJamesBond	2013-04-01	Ghost and Jon got separated.  I don't think ghost ever helped LC Mormont but its always cool seeing the dire wolves and it doesn't affect the plot.
					
					
							Edited by BondJamesBond, 01 April 2013 - 01:41 AM.
1943	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	I know they needed to show Margaery in the city being nice and all that and to been seen by Joffrey, but what was he doing there? Where was he going? That was rather odd.
1944	A Bear covered in Fluff	2013-04-01	They were on their way to the sept of baelor. That was said later when they dined with cersei and loras
1945	LifeRuiner	2013-04-01	II know they needed to show Margaery in the city being nice and all that and to been seen by Joffrey, but what was he doing there? Where was he going? That was rather odd.They might have been going to the Great Sept of Baelor, together.
1946	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-01	I know they needed to show Margaery in the city being nice and all that and to been seen by Joffrey, but what was he doing there? Where was he going? That was rather odd.Mag claimed that she stopped at an orphanage that the High Septon told her about, so maybe they were on there way back to the Red Keep? I have no idea why Joffrey would go with her. Maybe they were getting some blessing on their betrothal?My biggest surprise moment in the episode came when Petyr Baelish claimed that he saw Arya recently. He lied to Catelyn about Arya to manipulate her, so he might be doing the same to Sansa. The thing is though he did see Arya in Harrenhall as Tywin Lannister's cup bearer.
1947	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	My biggest surprise moment in the episode came when Petyr Baelish claimed that he saw Arya recently. He lied to Catelyn about Arya to manipulate her, so he might be doing the same to Sansa. The thing is though he did see Arya in Harrenhall as Tywin Lannister's cup bearer.I thought this was very interesting...however I think this might fall under spoilers and should not be in this thread...
1948	Frey Pie	2013-04-01	Ah good episode, pretty solid start. Interesting to see where theyre taking Shae, Sansa and LF
1949	oakenhelm	2013-04-01	Was anyone else thinking that it would be really easy to ambush and kill a king in his litter this way? I'm forgetting the text here, but the only route is through Flea Bottom via a narrow alley?
1950	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	Why the episode name?  Valar Dohaeris was always associated with Arya unless it's being used for Selmy.  And I don't recall the words ever being said during the episode.I guess you could tenuously link men having to serve as an overarching theme of the episode. The Unsullied serving without question, Tyrion now having to serve Tywin after all the power of season 2, the shake-up of the Bronn/Tyrion relationship, Robb having to serve the desire for vengeance amongst his bannermen and so on.I loved Cersei's line about Tyrion's nose. Can't beat a bit of meta.
1951	Kienn	2013-04-02	I think Joffrey was there for contrast. Margaery is willing to walk among the people, but Joffrey stays holed up in his little cage surrounded by his guards.
1952	Joyful Union	2013-04-02	My biggest surprise moment in the episode came when Petyr Baelish claimed that he saw Arya recently. He lied to Catelyn about Arya to manipulate her, so he might be doing the same to Sansa. The thing is though he did see Arya in Harrenhall as Tywin Lannister's cup bearer.I think he was definitely lying. LF would probably turnover Arya in a second if it meant currying favour with the Lannisters. I dont think he really recognized Arya.
1953	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-02	I thought this was very interesting...however I think this might fall under spoilers and should not be in this thread...How is it a spoiler if it was shown in season 2?
1954	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-02	I guess you could tenuously link men having to serve as an overarching theme of the episode. The Unsullied serving without question, Tyrion now having to serve Tywin after all the power of season 2, the shake-up of the Bronn/Tyrion relationship, Robb having to serve the desire for vengeance amongst his bannermen and so on.I loved Cersei's line about Tyrion's nose. Can't beat a bit of meta.Margaery serving the poor.
1955	The Bringer of Oranges	2013-04-08	There is something in the episode that confused me and my friend a bit when we watched it : Stannis seems to bave completely altered his appearance, so much that we weren't sure it was the same actor until we looked it up. Did anyone else notice this or was it just a trick of the light/our brains?
1956	shiola	2013-04-08	There is something in the episode that confused me and my friend a bit when we watched it : Stannis seems to bave completely altered his appearance, so much that we weren't sure it was the same actor until we looked it up. Did anyone else notice this or was it just a trick of the light/our brains?I didn't get a long enough look at him for me to really notice, but he definitely looked a bit different.  I think he's supposed to look haunted/depressed/maybe even a bit hopeless after Blackwater.  Whereas in season 2 he was pretty confident a lot of the time.So I think it was intentional and a combination of acting, the lighting, maybe some make-up.
1957	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2013-04-09	I think his hair was a lot more grey to show stress but it could be the lighting.
1958	zaphodbrx	2013-04-02	( yes, this is my first post here, however I have lurked here for some time and read all the books as well. )
I liked the episode, but I think Robb's part is probably the weakest link.
First of all, the mountain slaughtering all the northmen makes no sense.
Robb says 'the mountain will defend the ruin if Tywin tells him to' and in fact last season we saw Tywin told Gregor to hold the castle for him. Then apparently, he has just.. run away? What the hell. Where did all the northmen come from anyway. When we saw Harrenhal in 2nd season, there were a random bunch of peasants being held captive and tortured. Not northern soldiers.
Then Karstark says '200 northmen dead, and those who killed them are roaming free' - obviously referring to Jamie.
Hello? Jamie didn't kill these guys. It's fking impossible.
Bolton says 'This debt will be paid in full. And he won't run long, I've sent my best hunter after him'.
I'll come back to this later.
So what is King Robb's first reaction on seeing all these slaughtered prisoners? Is it to proclaim bloody vengeance? Give the order to execute Lannister prisoners in retaliation? Nope, it's to lock his mom up. Sorry dude, I'm feeling less and less sympathetic towards you.
So what are your predictions for the Starks during this season, based on the books?
Here are mine, keeping in fact that the Robb storyline has diverged really far from the book and we can't be sure of anything.
Red wedding
Robb
First of all, Robb ( show ) has a secret wedding. So no one knows he has broken his vow yet. So, what leads to the RW? Maybe Walder Frey will keep demanding the wedding to be held at once, and then Robb will have to admit 'gee, sorry, I married this hot volantene chick'.
The Tullys
Edmure Tully wasn't introduced this episode. Yea, it's not like he's Robb's most important bannerman or anything.
They have cast him ( and Brynden ), so they will appear, but it seems like they will be minor characters at best.
At this rate, I can't see the RW being Edmure's wedding, given that show viewers don't even know he exists.
Maybe it'll be Bolton's wedding. Just a thought.
Karstark
The mountain slaughtering all the prisoners including at least one Riverlands knight gives legitimate grounds for K. to demand that King Robb execute some lannister prisoners in retaliation. I believe this is what will happen, Robb will say no and he will take things into his own hands.
By the way, in the books, the Lannisters were quite honorable regarding prisoner exchanges. Eg. Robett Glover and Wylis Manderly. They did execute Ned, but that was due to the stupidity of boy king Joffrey.
The Karstark/Bolton conversation gives me another idea though, maybe K and B will get together to assassinate the King in the North on the grounds that he's an incompetent idiot. And we could have that rather than the red wedding.
Bolton
This one's really difficult to predict. Presumably, he's holding back info on what happened at Winterfell, cause everyone seems to be in the dark about it.
The 'best hunter' is probably the new character named 'Locke'. However, would Roose Bolton's own bannerman cut off Jamie's arm of his own accord? I find this hard to believe.
Alternately, Roose Bolton could cut it off himself, but why? that would doom a Lannister/Bolton alliance.
So what do you think?
1959	tito5601	2013-04-02	for the part where u say the karstarks and boltons will tunr on robb and kill him instead of a red wedding is wrong the showrunners already confirmed the red wedding will happen it should happen in ep 9
1960	dubq	2013-04-02	Then Karstark says '200 northmen dead, and those who killed them are roaming free' - obviously referring to Jamie.Hello? Jamie didn't kill these guys. It's fking impossible.He doesn't mean LITERALLY Jaime Lannister. He means the Lannister forces, obv.
1961	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	Once Tywin Lannister received word that Robb Stark had broken his pact with Walder Frey, he decided he had a much better idea of winning the war than having to beat Robb on the battlefield, which he was yet unable to do. This is made quite obvious by the fact that Robb is pissed off that the Lannisters won't fight them.
That is the point. You don't have to understand everything by the first episode, even though you could understand it if you had read the books and can think ahead.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 April 2013 - 02:38 PM.
1962	Nudu	2013-04-02	I thin Roose meant Robb by telling Karstark they will be avanged.
1963	Rabid Grunt	2013-04-02	The 'best hunter' is probably the new character named 'Locke'. However, would Roose Bolton's own bannerman cut off Jamie's arm of his own accord? I find this hard to believe.Well, we see him in a trailer about to cut off the hand, and a member on WiC confirmed it, so that theory is de-bunked.
1964	dubq	2013-04-02	First of all, Robb ( show ) has a secret wedding. So no one knows he has broken his vow yet. So, what leads to the RW? Maybe Walder Frey will keep demanding the wedding to be held at once, and then Robb will have to admit 'gee, sorry, I married this hot volantene chick'.We don't have the answers to this yet. To say that "no one knows he's broken his vow" is to assume that you know what is happening in the minds of characters before it's aired. There are a many number of ways that this could be revealed.
1965	tito5601	2013-04-02	I thin Roose meant Robb by telling Karstark they will be avanged. i didnt think of that when i saw the episode but now that u mention it roose does give robb a dirty look rite after saying that
1966	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	We don't have the answers to this yet. To say that "no one knows he's broken his vow" is to assume that you know what is happening in the minds of characters before it's aired. There are a many number of ways that this could be revealed.You can assume quite confidently that Tywin does know if you pause on the letter he's writing.
1967	dubq	2013-04-02	Really? I'll have to check that out! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1968	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-02	The thing that angered me the most was Robb imprisoning his own mother. Totally goes against who his character is.
1969	Chuck88	2013-04-02	You're making an awful lot of assumptions based on a 2 minute scene.
Karstark mentions his sons after the northmen, which Jaime did kill, at least one of them anyway.
Also he isn't locking up Catelyn simply because the northmen are dead. That has nothing to do with anything.
Plus there's no definitive evidence nobody else knows about Robb's wedding to Talisa either.
There's a whole 9 episodes to go before jumping to conclusions.
1970	Nezzer	2013-04-02	Then Karstark says '200 northmen dead, and those who killed them are roaming free' - obviously referring to Jamie.Hello? Jamie didn't kill these guys. It's fking impossible.Bolton says 'This debt will be paid in full. And he won't run long, I've sent my best hunter after him'.I'll come back to this later.That's not what they say.-Karstark just says "200 Northmen slaughtered like sheep" and Bolton says "the debt will be repaid, my friend, for them and for your sons".-Then the conversation changes from the Northmen to Lord Karstark's dead sons: "they rot in the ground while their killer roams free".-And only then Jaime is mentioned "the Kingslayer won't run for long, my best hunter's after him".They are not blaming Jaime for the slaughter of the prisoners, only for the murder of Lord Karstark's sons.Edit: /ninja.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ninja:' />
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 02 April 2013 - 02:50 PM.
1971	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	The thing that angered me the most was Robb imprisoning his own mother. Totally goes against who his character is.In the sense that he is more correct to imprison her than to proclaim no one may call her a traitor?
1972	Chuck88	2013-04-02	The thing that angered me the most was Robb imprisoning his own mother. Totally goes against who his character is.A lot of people would say he was generous by only locking her up. As much as their relationship is awesome, she betrayed his cause and seriously riled up his bannermen. It's harsh but fair. I think we'll get a better look into the whole thing next week.
1973	dubq	2013-04-02	The thing that angered me the most was Robb imprisoning his own mother. Totally goes against who his character is.Which character? Book Robb is not exactly TV Show Robb. Also, it's not like he's throwing her in a black cell. He sets her up in a "room to act as a cell." She's pretty much just under house arrest at this point.
					
					
							Edited by dubq, 02 April 2013 - 02:54 PM.
1974	DutchGit	2013-04-02	So what is King Robb's first reaction on seeing all these slaughtered prisoners? Is it to proclaim bloody vengeance? Give the order to execute Lannister prisoners in retaliation? Nope, it's to lock his mom up. Sorry dude, I'm feeling less and less sympathetic towards you.This is the problem for me. He is very unlikable atm. And when the RW happens, ppl might just go: "hmmmm well, shouldn't have been such a douche then should ya?" The RW needs to be THE biggest shock of the entire series. And for it to work, Rob needs to be the ultimate good guy and ppl need to be rooting for him. That is not happening atm.
1975	Nezzer	2013-04-02	A lot of people would say he was generous by only locking her up. As much as their relationship is awesome, she betrayed his cause and seriously riled up his bannermen. It's harsh but fair. I think we'll get a better look into the whole thing next week.Remember the thread "Robb should have executed his mother" in the book forums a few months ago? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1976	Chuck88	2013-04-02	Remember the thread "Robb should have executed his mother" in the book forums a few months ago? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />That's exactly what I was referring to /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
1977	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	He should've though. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1978	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	It was stated in one of the reviews before the season aired that Jamie loses his hand in a "different way" than in the books. I don't think Locke is a going to be a demented maniac like Vargo. Locke is going to be one of Roose's men and is probably a total badass, just not a sicko that cuts off hands and feet for fun...maybe. I hope he keepsh the lishp though.
1979	Damar	2013-04-02	I sincerely don't get people complaining about how Robb is unlikeable for treating Catelyn like she's done something very bad, which she did. If she wasn't his mother, she would have been executed for treason.
Not to mention he only does it after his bannermen and even his own soldiers are clearly showing their disaproval.
					
					
							Edited by Damar, 02 April 2013 - 03:54 PM.
1980	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	It was stated in one of the reviews before the season aired that Jamie loses his hand in a "different way" than in the books. I don't think Locke is a going to be a demented maniac like Vargo. Locke is going to be one of Roose's men and is probably a total badass, just not a sicko that cuts off hands and feet for fun...maybe. I hope he keepsh the lishp though.Link? How else will he lose a hand if not by command of the man hunting him, to bring him back to the same place he would be in the books at this time?
1981	Nezzer	2013-04-02	It was stated in one of the reviews before the season aired that Jamie loses his hand in a "different way" than in the books. I don't think Locke is a going to be a demented maniac like Vargo. Locke is going to be one of Roose's men and is probably a total badass, just not a sicko that cuts off hands and feet for fun...maybe. I hope he keepsh the lishp though.I don't think so. From what I read about that scene is that Jaime loses his hand for different reasons, not in a different way. I've seen only praise about the Locke character. I've also heard he has a mild lisp. Next Sunday we will find out /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
1982	Funkagenda	2013-04-02	This is the problem for me. He is very unlikable atm. And when the RW happens, ppl might just go: "hmmmm well, shouldn't have been such a douche then should ya?"The RW needs to be THE biggest shock of the entire series. And for it to work, Rob needs to be the ultimate good guy and ppl need to be rooting for him. That is not happening atm.There are 9 episodes to go. They have plenty of time to make Robb the goodguy.
1983	Kasrith	2013-04-02	1) Then Karstark says '200 northmen dead, and those who killed them are roaming free' - obviously referring to Jamie.Hello? Jamie didn't kill these guys. It's fking impossible.2) So what is King Robb's first reaction on seeing all these slaughtered prisoners? Is it to proclaim bloody vengeance? Give the order to execute Lannister prisoners in retaliation? Nope, it's to lock his mom up. Sorry dude, I'm feeling less and less sympathetic towards you.Robb3) First of all, Robb ( show ) has a secret wedding. So no one knows he has broken his vow yet. So, what leads to the RW? Maybe Walder Frey will keep demanding the wedding to be held at once, and then Robb will have to admit 'gee, sorry, I married this hot volantene chick'.I've numbered your points so that they are easier to address...1) No one 'obviously referred' to Jaime as the one who killed them, but to whoever actually did. Since they weren't present at the scene, they obviously are roaming freely.2) Locking up his mom in front of those who may hold her even remotely responsible for some of these Lannister actions, especially for letting Jaime go, is exactly what he should have done and I gave him respect and props for that. Something I noticed in that scene is that he didn't do this in front of Karstark and Bolton since they had already left. This may prove to be significant for later events if Karstark especially thinks that Robb isn't doing anything at all about his mother.Robb is already on a campaign of 'bloody vengeance', what would the point of him demanding more blood be at this point? His people are tired of blood, of fighting and may even hold this whole thing in contempt and thus partially blame the Starks for having 200 northmen at Harrenhal to begin with.finally 3) We don't know if his troupe is aware of the secret wedding, they have traveled together for a while to reach Harrenhal and I'd be very surprised if he doesn't treat her like his queen in front of everyone by now. Even if he has kept it a secret to this point, the Lannisters are still looking for a way to get to him. Since they can't do it in battle, Tywin has expressed his wish to aid Robb fail. That being said, Bolton could provide information on the wedding, or even Talisa herself if you believe that very popular video that's floating around which claims she is a Lannister agent.Also, there is plenty of time to involve Edmure and get sympathy toward him as Cat's brother and Robb's uncle since they will be traveling to Riverrun very soon. If they are at the same keep, it makes sense that they would spend plenty of (screen) time together, and the fact that they will be there for a funeral allows the sympathy to flow.
					
					
							Edited by Kasrith, 02 April 2013 - 06:36 PM.
1984	zaphodbrx	2013-04-02	It was stated in one of the reviews before the season aired that Jamie loses his hand in a "different way" than in the books. I don't think Locke is a going to be a demented maniac like Vargo. Locke is going to be one of Roose's men and is probably a total badass, just not a sicko that cuts off hands and feet for fun...maybe. I hope he keepsh the lishp though.Hm, but why would Roose do that if he wants to make an alliance with Tywin?Would Locke cut his arm off anyway without his permission? This is the lord of Dreadfort we're talking about here, people don't just disobey him.
1985	WhiteGuts	2013-04-02	For the RW to work in the series, his marriage must become public knowledge.
If you go to the Twins to tell Walder Frey that you won't keep your word, a bad reactions must be expected. However, if you go there for something as harmless as a wedding, as a non-reader there is no way you could see the RW coming.
					
					
							Edited by WhiteGuts, 02 April 2013 - 09:02 PM.
1986	Lord Godric	2013-04-02	For the RW to work in the series, his marriage must become public knowledge.If you go to the Twins to tell Walder Frey that you won't keep your word, a bad reactions must be expected. However, if you go there for something as harmless as a wedding, as a non-reader there is no way you could see the RW coming.I think they've done a good enough job giving away that something bad is going to happen to Robb already.  I dunno if it's more obvious because I know already, but having Catelyn tell Robb that "Walder Frey is not a man to cross" and then reminding us on the "Previously on..." part really sets the ground already that Frey is going to do something.I thought the scene was very much foreshadowing the betrayal of Roose and Karstark.  The way the camera zoomed in on Robb when they were mentioning bringing the killers to justice was very telling about what Roose is planning, imho.
1987	Capt Banjo	2013-04-02	Link?How else will he lose a hand if not by command of the man hunting him, to bring him back to the same place he would be in the books at this time?I looked for 90 minutes for the link and I got nothing. It was linked in the comments on a post at WiC.I don't think so. From what I read about that scene is that Jaime loses his hand for different reasons, not in a different way. I've seen only praise about the Locke character. I've also heard he has a mild lisp. Next Sunday we will find out /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />You're right guys. I misspoke. I assume it still gets cut off by Locke or someone in his crew, just not under the same circumstances as in the book.
1988	The_Leech_Lord	2013-04-03	Two hundred northmen are dead,and probably because Catelyn let Jamie go scot-free.Robb's bannermen are angry-he needs to give atleast some token of punishment.Hence the imprisonment.And considering that sick,"What have you done"feeling we got when we found what she'd done last season,I think it's pretty okay.Also the plot is different from the books so somehow I have a feeling Jamie IS related to this massacre.
1989	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	The first thing I noticed about Bolton in Harrenhal was how effected he seemed by the slaughter scene.  I LOVE the actor playing Bolton, I think it's great casting, but I couldn't help but notice how he seemed empathetic.  Granted, it made me giggle, as I picture BookBolton totally uneffected by anything, but it made me wonder why he seemed, for Bolton, very emotional.  I wonder if it is for all the changes that must be made for tv adaption. 
As strange as it was to see, a Roose with feelings, it did make me laugh, and wonder why, though??
1990	BananaSpice	2013-04-03	The first thing I noticed about Bolton in Harrenhal was how effected he seemed by the slaughter scene.  I LOVE the actor playing Bolton, I think it's great casting, but I couldn't help but notice how he seemed empathetic.  Granted, it made me giggle, as I picture BookBolton totally uneffected by anything, but it made me wonder why he seemed, for Bolton, very emotional.  I wonder if it is for all the changes that must be made for tv adaption.As strange as it was to see, a Roose with feelings, it did make me laugh, and wonder why, though??While Roose certainly couldn't be called "emotional" I think he probably cares about the North, in general (just thinks the Boltons should be the main house!) Doesn't he talk about wanting to have happy/content people at some point? (Or something like that in ADWD?) That's why he seems to kind of regret Ramsay ... he does get a little emotional w/ Ramsay (Don't make me rue the day I raped your mother ... lol)
1991	Nezzer	2013-04-03	The first thing I noticed about Bolton in Harrenhal was how effected he seemed by the slaughter scene.  I LOVE the actor playing Bolton, I think it's great casting, but I couldn't help but notice how he seemed empathetic.  Granted, it made me giggle, as I picture BookBolton totally uneffected by anything, but it made me wonder why he seemed, for Bolton, very emotional.  I wonder if it is for all the changes that must be made for tv adaption.As strange as it was to see, a Roose with feelings, it did make me laugh, and wonder why, though??I don't know, he looked pretty neutral in that scene to me. He always has the same neutral expression in his face.
1992	Conchobar	2013-04-03	The thing that angered me the most was Robb imprisoning his own mother. Totally goes against who his character is.No it doesn't, he looked to his men before he did it, he didn't want to look weak in front of them, he did it because his men were watching.
1993	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	While Roose certainly couldn't be called "emotional" I think he probably cares about the North, in general (just thinks the Boltons should be the main house!) Doesn't he talk about wanting to have happy/content people at some point? (Or something like that in ADWD?) That's why he seems to kind of regret Ramsay ... he does get a little emotional w/ Ramsay (Don't make me rue the day I raped your mother ... lol)I do agree, he shows some emotion, maybe humanity is the word, LOL, in discussion about and with Ramsey, especially in ADWD.  I just always found BookBolton to be removed, emotionally, almost an observer of action, that others never could seem to figure out.  It would only be when Roose actually made eye contact that other characters seemed to ever have any idea what he might be thinking.  I also found the conversation in ADWD that he had with Theon very interesting, the psychoanalysis of the Ramsey/Reek situation, which came first, who lead, who followed??I do enjoy both versions of Roose, though.  I just thought it was hysterical, he did seem somehow so effected by the scene at Harrenhal, for him, anyway.  I love the actor, but I almost thought someone forgot to tell him........Psssssssst, Roose is supposed to be wearing a mask we can't read, just once in awhile, we suspect things by the eyes themselves, not the humanity showing on his face.
1994	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-03	I don't know, he looked pretty neutral in that scene to me. He always has the same neutral expression in his face.Maybe I'm just picturing a totally pokerfaced Roose, from the books.  It just looked to me that his poker face cracked for a second.
1995	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-04	Once Tywin Lannister received word that Robb Stark had broken his pact with Walder Frey, he decided he had a much better idea of winning the war than having to beat Robb on the battlefield, which he was yet unable to do. This is made quite obvious by the fact that Robb is pissed off that the Lannisters won't fight them.That is the point. You don't have to understand everything by the first episode, even though you could understand it if you had read the books and can think ahead.Right.  I think this ties in with Tywin writing his letter when Tyrion arrived for their little chat.
1996	Conchobar	2013-04-04	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162He should've though. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I think though, we have to ask ourselves, would we have cut off our mothers' heads in that situation?
					
					
							Edited by Cellio, 04 April 2013 - 08:39 PM.
1997	greatgeek	2013-04-04	The thing that angered me the most was Robb imprisoning his own mother. Totally goes against who his character is.Book Robb has Catelyn impisoned as well...
1998	ebevan91	2013-04-04	Book Robb has Catelyn impisoned as well...Yep.
1999	Eponine	2013-04-04	If Edmure isn't gong to be important, could they make the wedding agreement be for Catelyn? It wouldn't make as much sense insofar as any future husband of hers wouldn't gain a lot from her, but it would have a much greater emotional impact than - we're marrying off some uncle we never met before - it would be a huge sacrifice for Robb's sake on her behalf as a well as a penance for freeing Jaime. It would also IMO make the situation more sympathetic - Robb and Cat don't really feel worth rooting for in the show right now. I think they lost a lot when they took out the focus on Robb's downfall being his inflexible sense of honor, just like his father, and making him just some dumbass who couldn't keep his hands off an annoying chick.
2000	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	The thing about Jamies hand is really something i cant forget about, i dont see how they are going to play it out without creating a major plot hole. It cannot happen on boltons orders, Roose would not offend Tywin in that way when he is planning to forge an alliance with the crown.  It has to be either Robb or Karstark who gives the order/cuts it off, that would make sense, but i expect Robb to leave harrenhall for Riverrun pretty soon.
2001	Mr Smith	2013-04-05	( yes, this is my first post here, however I have lurked here for some time and read all the books as well. )I liked the episode, but I think Robb's part is probably the weakest link.First of all, the mountain slaughtering all the northmen makes no sense.Robb says 'the mountain will defend the ruin if Tywin tells him to' and in fact last season we saw Tywin told Gregor to hold the castle for him. Then apparently, he has just.. run away? What the hell. Where did all the northmen come from anyway. When we saw Harrenhal in 2nd season, there were a random bunch of peasants being held captive and tortured. Not northern soldiers.Then Karstark says '200 northmen dead, and those who killed them are roaming free' - obviously referring to Jamie.Hello? Jamie didn't kill these guys. It's fking impossible.Bolton says 'This debt will be paid in full. And he won't run long, I've sent my best hunter after him'.I'll come back to this later.So what is King Robb's first reaction on seeing all these slaughtered prisoners? Is it to proclaim bloody vengeance? Give the order to execute Lannister prisoners in retaliation? Nope, it's to lock his mom up. Sorry dude, I'm feeling less and less sympathetic towards you.So what are your predictions for the Starks during this season, based on the books?Here are mine, keeping in fact that the Robb storyline has diverged really far from the book and we can't be sure of anything.Red weddingRobbFirst of all, Robb ( show ) has a secret wedding. So no one knows he has broken his vow yet. So, what leads to the RW? Maybe Walder Frey will keep demanding the wedding to be held at once, and then Robb will have to admit 'gee, sorry, I married this hot volantene chick'.The TullysEdmure Tully wasn't introduced this episode. Yea, it's not like he's Robb's most important bannerman or anything.They have cast him ( and Brynden ), so they will appear, but it seems like they will be minor characters at best.At this rate, I can't see the RW being Edmure's wedding, given that show viewers don't even know he exists.Maybe it'll be Bolton's wedding. Just a thought.KarstarkThe mountain slaughtering all the prisoners including at least one Riverlands knight gives legitimate grounds for K. to demand that King Robb execute some lannister prisoners in retaliation. I believe this is what will happen, Robb will say no and he will take things into his own hands.By the way, in the books, the Lannisters were quite honorable regarding prisoner exchanges. Eg. Robett Glover and Wylis Manderly. They did execute Ned, but that was due to the stupidity of boy king Joffrey.The Karstark/Bolton conversation gives me another idea though, maybe K and B will get together to assassinate the King in the North on the grounds that he's an incompetent idiot. And we could have that rather than the red wedding.BoltonThis one's really difficult to predict. Presumably, he's holding back info on what happened at Winterfell, cause everyone seems to be in the dark about it.The 'best hunter' is probably the new character named 'Locke'. However, would Roose Bolton's own bannerman cut off Jamie's arm of his own accord? I find this hard to believe.Alternately, Roose Bolton could cut it off himself, but why? that would doom a Lannister/Bolton alliance.So what do you think?Agree with most of this, thought it was a rather poorly done sequence.Re: Karstark - Give it time, there were hints that things will escalate in the second episode from the promo.Re: Bolton - I have a theory about Bolton: he's already in allegiance, or at least correspondence, with Tywin. I don't have a whole lot to base this theory upon, other than the glimpse of the letters we saw Tywin writing in this episode, and also that with Bolton, anything's possible.Re: Red Wedding - If above theory is true, then Tywin maybe knows through Bolton, and has probably approached, or will approach the Freys soon. If not though it doesn't matter. Word always gets out.
2002	Bittersteel_914	2013-04-05	The thing about Jamies hand is really something i cant forget about, i dont see how they are going to play it out without creating a major plot hole. It cannot happen on boltons orders, Roose would not offend Tywin in that way when he is planning to forge an alliance with the crown.  It has to be either Robb or Karstark who gives the order/cuts it off, that would make sense, but i expect Robb to leave harrenhall for Riverrun pretty soon.I don't necessarily believe they will create a major plot hole...who is to say that Locke will not act upon his own ambitions and defy Roose when he leaves for the Twins?  I  thought of an interesting theory that Qyburn is an agent of Tywin's intentionally left as a "survivor" so that he can feed information to Tywin on the movements of Robb Stark's army and the current situation in Harrenhal...since Qyburn is a maester (ex-), he knows his letters and should have experience in Ravenry so maybe he will facilitate forthcoming events with Tywin and Roose all the while posing as a benevolent healer...Robb can still head to the Twins, Jamie & Brienne can still get captured by Locke & Co, Tywin and Roose can begin correspondence, Locke could follow his own ambitions after Roose leaves Harrenhal, Qyburn can stay in the good graces of the Lannisters by attending to Jamie, and Steelshanks Walton could still deliver Jamie to King's Landing so Tywin knows Roose had nothing to do with the actions of Locke...IMO...by introducing Qyburn at Harrenhal this early, they open up the opportunity to follow the book's plotlines accurately...and didn't Steelshanks Walton get casted?
2003	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	I don't necessarily believe they will create a major plot hole...who is to say that Locke will not act upon his own ambitions and defy Roose when he leaves for the Twins?  I  thought of an interesting theory that Qyburn is an agent of Tywin's intentionally left as a "survivor" so that he can feed information to Tywin on the movements of Robb Stark's army and the current situation in Harrenhal...since Qyburn is a maester (ex-), he knows his letters and should have experience in Ravenry so maybe he will facilitate forthcoming events with Tywin and Roose all the while posing as a benevolent healer...Robb can still head to the Twins, Jamie & Brienne can still get captured by Locke & Co, Tywin and Roose can begin correspondence, Locke could follow his own ambitions after Roose leaves Harrenhal, Qyburn can stay in the good graces of the Lannisters by attending to Jamie, and Steelshanks Walton could still deliver Jamie to King's Landing so Tywin knows Roose had nothing to do with the actions of Locke...IMO...by introducing Qyburn at Harrenhal this early, they open up the opportunity to follow the book's plotlines accurately...and didn't Steelshanks Walton get casted?well the thing is that the brave companions never worked directly for roose, they where always sort of an independant group (originally sent out by the lannisters if i remember correctly) while Roose is talking about Locke as his "personal" hunter who works exlusivley for him, and Locke should know how important jamie lannister is as a hostage so mutilating him without the starks/boltons permission just because he "wants to" could probably cost him his life. It just doesnt make sense to me.
2004	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-05	Tv show spoiler wise, I'm not sure if it would happen, but.....remember in the books...at first Jaime and Brienne ran into outlaws of some sort before the Bloody Mummers found them.  Not that I'd buy the sorry sot ones from the books being able to do it, but what if it's a fight with outlaws, or even independant operators who take Jaime's hand instead of this Locke character?  It's a stretch, and I still can't believe they aren't giving us a bit of The Mummers.  How about even.....Rorge or Biter, somehow??  They at least were cast, and they are at least another reason why it does piss me off that too much of this element of the story is getting cut.  I'm pretty easy going with book changes, but.....the dropping of The Mummers does bother me, they effect lots of characters.
Hell, I'm so easy going, I don't even mind the Robb and Talisha changes, I actually think it's hysterical.  My daughter and I really do roar with laughter everytime we watch Love at First Site over an amputation.  Maybe, Robb would let his wife hack Jaime's hand off, and call it foreplay???  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />   j/k
2005	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	Maybe, Robb would let his wife hack Jaime's hand off, and call it foreplay???  /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />   j/klmao"Kingslayer, remember when you said that you had never seen me with a woman? well now i have finally found someone who knows how to turn me on, let me show you what she does... Darling, come and look at this mans hand, i think its festering!-Yes my love, if we dont amputate it soon it will spread, hand me my bonesaw.Here you go, and ive got another tool for you once you are done with the kingslayer *wink wink*-Should i give him milk of the puppy, my love? i think hes gonna need something for the painDont tease me like that honey pie, you know that i like it rough and dirty. Its not the same without the screams! now do it slowly...*Jamie screams in pain*OH BABY YOURE THE BEST, DONT STOP, DO IT SLOWER.. YES, YES!-Look Robb! look at his face, he is about to pass out from the pain.I know, and look at all the blood. This is your best work yet, I could live in this moment forever.Roose: And i thought Ramsay was twisted and perverted...."
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 05 April 2013 - 07:04 PM.
2006	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-05	lmao"Kingslayer, remember when you said that you had never seen me with a woman? well now i have finally found someone who knows how to turn me on, let me show you what she does... Darling, come and look at this mans hand, i think its festering!-Yes my love, if we dont amputate it soon it will spread, hand me my bonesaw.Here you go, and ive got another tool for you once you are done with the kingslayer *wink wink*-Should i give him milk of the puppy, my love? i think hes gonna need something for the painDont tease me like that honey pie, you know that i like it rough and dirty. Its not the same without the screams! now do it slowly...*Jamie screams in pain*OH BABY YOURE THE BEST, DONT STOP, DO IT SLOWER.. YES, YES!-Look Robb! look at his face, he is about to pass out from the pain.I know, and look at all the blood. This is your best work yet, I could live in this moment forever.Roose: And i thought Ramsay was twisted and perverted...."OMG!!!  I have found a kindred spirit.  LOVE IT!!  LMAO!!!  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2007	SerMixalot	2013-04-05	I think I figured out how D&D will handle the Jamie hand thing while being consistent on Roose and his hunter.
Brienne will cut off Jamie's hand when they fight!
2008	Cynthia Snow	2013-04-05	Book Robb has Catelyn impisoned as well...Actually he doesn't.  When Catelyn releases Jaime, Robb is warring in the west and Edmure is doing the battle of the fords.  Two of Edmure's men, I think his castellian and his master at arms, are the ones who confine Catelyn to her father's tower cell, and then Edmure refuses to release her.  Then when Robb gets there he does his "Sometimes we make mistakes for love" speech, reveals his marriage to Jeyne, and forgives and releases Catelyn.
2009	zaphodbrx	2013-04-06	I think I figured out how D&D will handle the Jamie hand thing while being consistent on Roose and his hunter.Brienne will cut off Jamie's hand when they fight!This makes sense, but in that case the character of Locke is completely unnecessary.You could have a bunch of nameless extras capture them and take them to Roose.
2010	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	This makes sense, but in that case the character of Locke is completely unnecessary.You could have a bunch of nameless extras capture them and take them to Roose.plus, if brienne cuts off jamies hand, he would never go back to rescue her, nor give her Oathbreaker. It would spoil Briennes storyline completley.
2011	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	I can't imagine getting your hand lopped of clean is very likely in a sword fight without lightsabres.
Maybe your arm but that would also be terrible for the Jaime and Brienne awkward romance.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 April 2013 - 12:06 PM.
2012	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	I can't imagine getting your hand lopped of clean is very likely in a sword fight without lightsabres.Maybe your arm but that would also be terrible for the Jaime and Brienne awkward romance.indeed, and since jamies hands are tied togheter during the fight, it would be almost practicly impossible for brienne to "accidently" slice one of them without cutting off both hands.not to mention that jamie would likely bleed to death before he reaches harrenhall if it happened out in the wilderness (the trailer shows them fighting on a bridge)
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 06 April 2013 - 12:18 PM.
2013	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	If you pause this video at 6:57, isn't that Jaime getting his hand cut off? It's hard to see, really, but it looks like someone being held down and getting a limb chopped off.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=-uFf34ToADA
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 April 2013 - 12:55 PM.
2014	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	Im most definitely is, and the scenery looks like its taking place in Harrenhall too.
2015	Minsc	2013-04-06	If Edmure isn't gong to be important, could they make the wedding agreement be for Catelyn? It wouldn't make as much sense insofar as any future husband of hers wouldn't gain a lot from her, but it would have a much greater emotional impact than - we're marrying off some uncle we never met before - it would be a huge sacrifice for Robb's sake on her behalf as a well as a penance for freeing Jaime. It would also IMO make the situation more sympathetic - Robb and Cat don't really feel worth rooting for in the show right now. I think they lost a lot when they took out the focus on Robb's downfall being his inflexible sense of honor, just like his father, and making him just some dumbass who couldn't keep his hands off an annoying chick.If they have Robb forcing his mother to marry Walder Frey in penance for his own mistake then I will cheer when they hack his head off and replace it with Grey Wind.
2016	Head of The Ned	2013-04-07	If they have Robb forcing his mother to marry Walder Frey in penance for his own mistake then I will cheer when they hack his head off and replace it with Grey Wind.Well said
2017	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-07	You guys realize they cast Roslin and everything, right?
2018	The Cast Beyond the Wall	2013-04-08	Despite the fact that Robb's wedding is a secret to the public, I think that Stark's bannermen know is enough to make me believe that someone(presumably Bolton) will leake that information if they haven't already. We see Tywin writing a letter when Tyrion drops by for a visit, and even though he doesn't acknowledge it as he does in the book, the camera is very intentional about capturing it for everyone to see. I believe that Tywin is either talking with Bolton or maybe even Walder Frey at this point. This would make things slightly different than in the book, but I believe the end result is the same: The Red Wedding
2019	Matthew Marzolf	2013-04-08	The 'best hunter' is probably the new character named 'Locke'. However, would Roose Bolton's own bannerman cut off Jamie's arm of his own accord? I find this hard to believe.Damn, and i was hoping they'd get the guy who played "Biggus Dickus" from Life of Brian to play Vargo Hoat just so I could hear himk say "Kingthlayer"
2020	Masamune	2013-04-08	Wholeheartedly agree, re: the Greatjon. Clive Mantle's absence is such a massive loss to the North scenes. But in a way, perhaps it's a blessing in disguise. I'd only hold Robb & Cat as the chief culprits for his demise, due to their harebrained decision-making in the show. 'Tis a shame. What was supposed to be one of the most shocking and tragic moments in the story has now been undone by HBO's meddling rewrites.
ETA: Realized this was meant for the other thread, but balls to it.
					
					
							Edited by Masamune, 08 April 2013 - 04:46 PM.
2021	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-07	When I saw Dragonstone in this episode, I immediately though of Minas Morgul. Am I the only one? Compare:http://images4.wikia...ragonstone_(day).jpghttp://images1.wikia...MinasMorgul.jpg
Coincidence?
2022	Mr Smith	2013-04-07	Um, yeah i think it is. I don't see too much connection between the two places, or in what they mean to their own stories.
2023	Hellauthere	2013-04-08	They look somewhat alike, but I don't think they have a similar influence on the story of neither the book series nor television series.
					
					
							Edited by Valardohearis, 08 April 2013 - 05:30 AM.
2024	Blackf1sh	2013-04-02	When reading the books the fact that great warriors like the Greatjon and the Blackfish are at Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s side gave me as a reader the feeling that Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cause wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t lost. I know that in season 3 itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the purpose to show that Robb is losing the grip on his bannermen, but with the Greatjon not cast again and that the Blackfish will probably remain in Riverrun during this season, there is in my opinion a great lack of Nortnern bannermen with actual dialogue and screen time. At the moment the only recognizable northern bannermen with some proper screen time are Bolton and Karstark, and they are the dissidents.
This was already a problem in the very average season 2, but now at the start of season 3 I had hoped they would bring some more northern bannermen into the season. Since the RW is coming up this season, it feels to me that this dramatic scene will play out with extras with whom we as a viewer have no affiliation . I think the RW would get so much extra dramatic depth when you would recognize Mormont, Smalljon, Manderly etc in this scene.
Any thoughts on this?
2025	StarkBlack21	2013-04-02	I think it hurts that Greatjon is no longer in the series. I don't know why they got rid of him. He had a large personality and stuck out. I hope they bring Allister Thorne back as well to the Night's Watch. I feel Thorne was another character that really stood out. I wonder why they allowed themselves to lose Greatjon and Thorne. I know Thorne was sent on his journey to King's Landing, but we never see him make it and he's never mentioned again.
2026	Rayn	2013-04-02	It really hurts the series I think, because all you see is Karstark and Bolton, who smear Robb. You don't see anything about the North loving Robb, all you see is them unhappy with him, which kinda fucks up the whole 'the north remembers' bit. They really need to show some loyal bannermen, its kinda screwing with everyone's view of Robb, wrecking his storyline.
2027	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Even if Clive Mantle (the chap that played the Greatjon) is unable to return, I do agree that a couple characters utterly devoted to Robb's cause would have been cool. Expand the Smalljon character, for example, or for that matter Dacey Mormont.
2028	StarkBlack21	2013-04-02	True. Right now it seems all the Northmen hate Robb. Greatjon would have been great to juxtapose against Bolton and Karstark as a strong ally that believed and loved the Young Wolf. When Robb exits, that whole Manderly speech will ring a little hollow. Man they need GREATJON. Why is he not in the show?
2029	Abaddon	2013-04-02	We know 
	Spoiler Wendyl (?) Manderly
 is at the RW, we've seen a picture.  So they seem to be addressing that, to some extent at least.
(Spoilered because it is a show spoiler)
I miss the Greatjon too.  That guy was great, in very little time.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 02 April 2013 - 05:48 PM.
2030	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Here here!  And now they're having Rob blunder around and lay siege to empty castles.  The north is looking weak all the way around.
On top of that, the north are going to have their "best hunters" looking for Jamie and wont find him.  
I think
2031	jonny__bravo	2013-04-02	Agreed, the absence of the Greatjon is a loss for Robb as well as the TV audience. Roose is hedging his bets, Karstark is simmering, Robb's only other confidant in the shape of his Mum has broken his trust, which leaves Talisa real access to his plans and inner most thoughts (for better or worse).
2032	StarkBlack21	2013-04-02	Did we ever get an answer from D&D why they didn't bring Greatjon back? It's really weird to me why they never addressed this.
2033	Roose Trollton	2013-04-02	Most likely budgetary reasons. The same reason that they killed off all of dany's bloodriders and handmaidens last season which is a shame since its interesting seeing the opposing advisers and their perspectives (Dothraki, Shavepate, Selmy, Slave Girl, etc...)
					
					
							Edited by Greatjon's Littlefinger, 02 April 2013 - 07:34 PM.
2034	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-04-02	It really hurts the series I think, because all you see is Karstark and Bolton, who smear Robb. You don't see anything about the North loving Robb, all you see is them unhappy with him, which kinda fucks up the whole 'the north remembers' bit. They really need to show some loyal bannermen, its kinda screwing with everyone's view of Robb, wrecking his storyline.Exactly. It's going to look like ALL of Robb's bannermen turned on him. When really, it was just Boltons and Freys, because they smelled opportunity, not even really because of his oathbreaking, that just gave them a convenient reason. Karstark - well he kept grumbling on and on about his son, who was killed in war (that's what happens!) and the Kingslayer going free. Then Robb took care of it Like A Boss. Now Robb on the show looks like Robb the Inept Oathbreaker. I'm really missing the Mormont women. I fear the RW won't have the same impact.
2035	stunningsteve	2013-04-02	Here here!  And now they're having Rob blunder around and lay siege to empty castles.  The north is looking weak all the way around.On top of that, the north are going to have their "best hunters" looking for Jamie and wont find him.  I thinkI'm rather sure that the "best hunters" are the TV-Brave Companions. Without the Weasel Soup and switching side plot there would be no reason to deliver Jaime and Brienne to Bolton at Harrenhal if they were not his men right from the start. Instead of giving him Harrenhal as a price for his betrayal of the Lannisters, Roose will just Vargo/Locke as castellan when he leaves for the RW and we got the same results as in the book.
2036	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I'm rather sure that the "best hunters" are the TV-Brave Companions. Without the Weasel Soup and switching side plot there would be no reason to deliver Jaime and Brienne to Bolton at Harrenhal if they were not his men right from the start. Instead of giving him Harrenhal as a price for his betrayal of the Lannisters, Roose will just Vargo/Locke as castellan when he leaves for the RW and we got the same results as in the book.I would like that.  Would partially compensate for showing up with an army to lay siege to an empty castle, but not totally.
2037	Winter's Prince	2013-04-02	It really hurts the series I think, because all you see is Karstark and Bolton, who smear Robb. You don't see anything about the North loving Robb, all you see is them unhappy with him, which kinda fucks up the whole 'the north remembers' bit. They really need to show some loyal bannermen, its kinda screwing with everyone's view of Robb, wrecking his storyline.Exactly because that is what the North is known for; Northerners are more loyal to their liege than any southerner, its a huge deal. Honor and duty too.
2038	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-02	I think there was a strong concern to limit the number of characters, for fear that show-only viewers would not be able to keep it everyone straight. It is a cast of thousands in the books.
But I agree completely that not showing the Northern bannerman seriously diminishes Robb's plot lines.
2039	King Tommen	2013-04-02	Clive Mantle screwed them over by not being available for S2 which meant they had to write him out of the series.  If they had known this, they probably would have not consolidated the Northern bannermen into him in S1 and had all so much focus on him that season.
They are going to include Wendel Manderly this season for just this purpose (to have a bannerman who is actually loyal to Robb who will almost assuredly bite it at the RW). They needed to include Karstark and Roose for obvious reasons because they play bigger parts in the story.  But they really couldn't cast a bunch of guys just to play Robb's bannermen unless they were going to do something significant.
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 02 April 2013 - 08:34 PM.
2040	greatgeek	2013-04-02	They are going to include Wendel Manderly this season for just this purpose (to have a bannerman who is actually loyal to Robb who will almost assuredly bite it at the RW). They needed to include Karstark and Roose for obvious reasons because they play bigger parts in the story.  But they really couldn't cast a bunch of guys just to play Robb's bannermen unless they were going to do something significant.I think Wendel will survive and be given Wylis' role.
2041	franko99	2013-04-02	We know 
	Spoiler Wendyl (?) Manderly
 is at the RW, we've seen a picture.  So they seem to be addressing that, to some extent at least.(Spoilered because it is a show spoiler)I miss the Greatjon too.  That guy was great, in very little time.This 
	Spoiler at least Manderly will be there for the RW, he may play the "loyal" bannerman part
Here here!  And now they're having Rob blunder around and lay siege to empty castles.  The north is looking weak all the way around.On top of that, the north are going to have their "best hunters" looking for Jamie and wont find him. I thinkThey will. but those hunters are 
	Spoiler Locke and his "brave companions" or however they call them in the show, and bring him directly to Bolton
ETA: didn't read both issues have been addressed yet
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 02 April 2013 - 08:52 PM.
2042	King Tommen	2013-04-02	I think Wendel will survive and be given Wylis' role.I bet you a million internet dollars that he has been cast exclusively to be cannon fodder for the RW.  And so that when Wyman Manderly shows up in later seasons, he'll have a reason to be pissed and working actively to undermine the Bolton/Frey alliance.
2043	Eogh	2013-04-02	Even with Clive Mantle being unavailable for Season 2, and so the Greatjon obviously not appearing, they still could have at least addressed his absence in some way, leaving it open for a return in season 3. There was nothing, no mention of him at all, in Season 2. He could have been sent on some sort of campaign with a detachment of Robb's men, gotten separated at Oxcross, etc, any number of explanations would have been better than just having the disappearance of a super memorable character. I probably don't fully understand the circumstances, but not having the Greatjon, easily one of the biggest badasses in this series, really hurts.
2044	StarkBlack21	2013-04-02	Ya. They put Barristan on hold. They could've had Greatjon come back for season 3. They needed his presence. They need a loyal NORTHMAN. Right now, it seems Robb is a guy people only follow because they have to. Not because they love him. That whole speech Manderly's daughter gives in ADWD will ring hollow. It would make some question did they really love the young wolf? From what we see everyone kind of despises him who is his ally. We need Greatjon to keep people in line and show he sees something in the boy. Greatjon could've been a great symbol of a loyal Northman, one that was willing to die for Robb.
2045	greatgeek	2013-04-02	I bet you a million internet dollars that he has been cast exclusively to be cannon fodder for the RW.  And so that when Wyman Manderly shows up in later seasons, he'll have a reason to be pissed and working actively to undermine the Bolton/Frey alliance.You're probably right.I hope Ser Wendel wields his leg of lamb at the RW. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2046	King Tommen	2013-04-02	Even with Clive Mantle being unavailable for Season 2, and so the Greatjon obviously not appearing, they still could have at least addressed his absence in some way, leaving it open for a return in season 3. There was nothing, no mention of him at all, in Season 2. He could have been sent on some sort of campaign with a detachment of Robb's men, gotten separated at Oxcross, etc, any number of explanations would have been better than just having the disappearance of a super memorable character. I probably don't fully understand the circumstances, but not having the Greatjon, easily one of the biggest badasses in this series, really hurts.Like with Conan Stevens' absence, I pretty much guarantee you that we will never hear the full story but in almost all of these cases, the fault lies with the actors not the producers.  These roles are not big enough for the actors to be locked up and they are free to look for other work.  The actors try not to have their schedules conflict for other projects but if it's something that pays them more or does more for their career, then they're going to choose to do that.  GoT is not a series that can accommodate changing shooting schedules to suit the dozens of schedules of all of their minor actors.  If they can't do it, then they get written out.  That's what happened to Rakharo.  The actor got a part in World War Z and said he could only show up for a couple days of shooting so they said no problem and had him die in the couple of scenes he was available for. Then they essentially replaced him with Kovarro who serves the exact same purpose.It sucks but if the producers had their choice, they'd keep the hundreds of actors all around for the scenes that they needed them for and there wouldn't be any issues with continuity.  Unfortunately, this isn't a book where you control all of your characters.  Sometimes actors don't cooperate with the plans you have for them.
2047	Eogh	2013-04-02	Yeah I totally get that, sucks balls though.
2048	Eogh	2013-04-02	I also still think it could have been handled a lot better. Just ignoring a character's existence isn't really an elegant solution.
2049	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	I also still think it could have been handled a lot better. Just ignoring a character's existence isn't really an elegant solution.Truth. It doesn't even need to be a massive explanation. "Greatjon is suchandsuch place. This is his son, Smalljon."Boom, sorted. Another new face to be butchered at the RW too.
2050	King Tommen	2013-04-02	Whether it's Smalljon or Wendel Manderly, does it really matter? It's just someone who's going to die in short order...
2051	Oakenfist	2013-04-02	I also still think it could have been handled a lot better. Just ignoring a character's existence isn't really an elegant solution.They have completely ignored the Umbers. No more Greatjon, and Smalljon obviously not even in the series.
2052	Blackf1sh	2013-04-03	Lets hope that as the third season continues we will be introduced to some more of the northern bannermen. Maybe even a recast of the Greatjon or at least they give us the smalljon in a minor role. The RW would have so much more drama when you would see the northern bannermen dying to defend Robb.
2053	oakenhelm	2013-04-03	Maybe they are trying to soften the blow
2054	Calidad	2013-04-03	Whether it's Smalljon or Wendel Manderly, does it really matter? It's just someone who's going to die in short order...I think it does. At the very least they need to have some recognisable faces aside from Robb and Catelyn, so the scene has great resonance. As already stated by someone else, we just have Roose and Karstark, neither of whom seem particularly bowled over by Robb at the moment, and we know what will be happening to both those characters shortly...So yes, they definitely need to show a few more of his bannermen/lords, contrived or otherwise, else it would simply seem that the North has turned on Robb and his mum, which obviously wasn't the case in the books. It's really the first thing that the TV series has done to annoy me so far. It's such a pivotal part of the story, so I hope they don't screw it up.
2055	shiola	2013-04-03	Maybe they are trying to soften the blowBut that's the opposite of what they should be doing.  The RW is an outrage for fans.  Tons of people die unexpectedly.  On the show, it may just be unnamed extras, Robb (who, I gather, a lot of people don't care too much about), and Cat.
2056	jmk51	2013-04-03	Eh, been a while since I read these particular books, but doesn't the alliance basically fall apart after the RW?  From what I remember, basically that storyline ends, with the exception of a few holdouts.  Not sure I'd want them to waste time with characters that you won't see anymore.  Bolton and Karstark continue on, so they are there.  To me the TV show is demonstrating (in a fairly unclear way) that Robb is superior on the battlefield to the Lannisters, so they are pulling back their position, while Robb and crew saunter about looking for a fight, and his bannermen seek revenge/end to the war.
Here's how I look at the books to TV conversion - where is everyone at in the last two books?  What does it take to get them there, at 10 episodes per year?  Need more filler?  Add in some of these other characters.
2057	oakenhelm	2013-04-03	But that's the opposite of what they should be doing.  The RW is an outrage for fans.  Tons of people die unexpectedly.  On the show, it may just be unnamed extras, Robb (who, I gather, a lot of people don't care too much about), and Cat.I'm not sure how the non book reader TV audience feels about Robb. They may have defaulted to Robb after Ned died. My wife has shifted to supporting Dany because she thinks she has the least chance of dying. No joke.I'm not saying you are wrong. But I do think they should tread carefully. A lot of posters set ASoS down for a while after the RW, but picked it back up. TV audiences are more fickle and might think they are being trolled by the show. You are right that it may just end up being Cat and Robb and few people nobody can recognize. That's why I think they are softening the impact because of audience blowbackI have to admit that even as a reader I'm a bit jaded, post-RW. For example, I'm not taking the bait on the Manderly Northern conspiracy thing.
2058	The_Leech_Lord	2013-04-03	Yeah,the Greatjon was one big badass-you really get the feeling that there is this faction of northmen who support Robb out of pure loyalty rather than forced allegiance.Roose Bolton doesn't look too happy being on the losing side.
"Your meat.... is blood tough" /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2059	shiola	2013-04-03	I'm not sure how the non book reader TV audience feels about Robb. They may have defaulted to Robb after Ned died. My wife has shifted to supporting Dany because she thinks she has the least chance of dying. No joke.I'm not saying you are wrong. But I do think they should tread carefully. A lot of posters set ASoS down for a while after the RW, but picked it back up. TV audiences are more fickle and might think they are being trolled by the show. You are right that it may just end up being Cat and Robb and few people nobody can recognize. That's why I think they are softening the impact because of audience blowbackI have to admit that even as a reader I'm a bit jaded, post-RW. For example, I'm not taking the bait on the Manderly Northern conspiracy thing.Makes sense.  I only set the book down for two days, maybe three, I think?  But everyone is different, and I've always been a fan of character death.  (Not that I want them to die, I just think it adds to the story and it makes me more inclined to tune in)
2060	jmk51	2013-04-03	With Robb not being part of any battles on TV, its difficult to get a feel for what he really is, and how important he is to the story.  Frankly, if you look at the main characters on TV, Arya, Robb, Jon, Sansa, Theon, Bran/Rickon, Cersi, Tyrion, Tywin, Joffrey, Bron - Robb and Bran/Rickon seem to be the least interesting.   Both are just trudging around in the woods for most of the series so far.
I actually wonder how many non-book readers picked up on how "bad" it was to marry Talisa, from a Westeros perspective, and how much background they will provide for the RW.
2061	pleonasm	2013-04-03	I think the producers, while liking Richard Madden, real did a half ass job with Robb's story. It was a real missed opportunity to not give Robb and his Bannerman equal screentime to Jon Snow, Danny, or even Arya. They should have sold the non book audience that Robb is the heir apparent to Ned's hero role in the story. Could you imagine the reaction of the non-book audience to Red Wedding at that point? I'm sure some will be shocked, but the outrage and dismay could have been legendary.
I also thought they should have cast some recurring extra's as Robb's key bannerman. They didn't even need to even be major roles  or for most, even speaking parts. Just faces we would come to recognize and empathize with as they are massacred at the Red Wedding. Dacey Mormont, Donel Locke, etc...
2062	shiola	2013-04-03	I think the producers, while liking Richard Madden, real did a half ass job with Robb's story. It was a real missed opportunity to not give Robb and his Bannerman equal screentime to Jon Snow, Danny, or even Arya. They should have sold the non book audience that Robb is the heir apparent to Ned's hero role in the story. Could you imagine the reaction of the non-book audience to Red Wedding at that point? I'm sure some will be shocked, but the outrage and dismay could have been legendary.I also thought they should have cast some recurring extra's as Robb's key bannerman. They didn't even need to even be major roles  or for most, even speaking parts. Just faces we would come to recognize and empathize with as they are massacred at the Red Wedding. Dacey Mormont, Donel Locke, etc...I agree 100%.  I wanted bitches to be flipping over chairs and breaking TVs when he gets murdered by his allies.  Now it'll just be like "...Wow that sucks.  Frey is an asshole." and they carry on.
2063	Blackf1sh	2013-04-03	I do think/hope that the part outside the Twins where The Hound saves Arya will be very bad ass
2064	Hellfell	2013-04-03	I think Blackfish will serve as a badass supporting sidekick for Robb this season. Karstark is in open discontent, Bolton is in slight dissatisfaction but still supports Robb and Edmure is a generally nice guy who can't do anything useful.
2065	oakenhelm	2013-04-03	I think Blackfish will serve as a badass supporting sidekick for Robb this season. Karstark is in open discontent, Bolton is in slight dissatisfaction but still supports Robb and Edmure is a generally nice guy who can't do anything useful.I'm hoping he plays a bigger role in the TV series than the books, my avatar aside /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I think there is room for him
2066	Blackf1sh	2013-04-03	Yes I wonder how they will do the introduction of the Blackfish, since he has been the most trusted advisor of Robb since the first book.
2067	Damar	2013-04-03	I think this is showing the brilliance of Tywin's strategy. Instead of facing him in the field and risk defeat, he pulls back and avoid confrontation, making use of the Ironborn savaging the North, and let discontent grow.
They need a reason why the Northerners wouldn't just kill Bolton and the Freys for murdering Robb, and can always do the 'The North Remembers' deal as more of a political rallying call than true sentiment.
2068	Calidad	2013-04-03	I think this is showing the brilliance of Tywin's strategy. Instead of facing him in the field and risk defeat, he pulls back and avoid confrontation, making use of the Ironborn savaging the North, and let discontent grow.They need a reason why the Northerners wouldn't just kill Bolton and the Freys for murdering Robb, and can always do the 'The North Remembers' deal as more of a political rallying call than true sentiment.Surely a good enough reason is that most of them die at the RW? A few are also captured. Freys + Boltons aside, I always got the impression that the RW wiped out about 70% of those loyal to the Starks, with just skeleton forces remaining at the Houses themselves.
2069	Eogh	2013-04-03	Surely a good enough reason is that most of them die at the RW? A few are also captured.Freys + Boltons aside, I always got the impression that the RW wiped out about 70% of those loyal to the Starks, with just skeleton forces remaining at the Houses themselves.I don't think a figure as high as 70% is accurate. From the information we've got from aDwD it's clear that a sizable force still remains in the North that would have been quite loyal to the Starks. Between Manderly's men, the mountain clans, Mors Umber's men and the Reeds (the number of men the neck could field is pretty tricky to guess at), I think there's more than just a skeletal force.
2070	Eogh	2013-04-03	Bolton and Karstark continue on, so they are there.Karstark doesn't continue on, Robb executes him prior to the Red Wedding.
2071	Eogh	2013-04-03	Not like he does much executing after /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2072	teemo	2013-04-03	agreed...none of my friends care about robb...and the romance storyline failed to work on even my mushiest girl friends. my significant other watches the show with me even though he hates it, and never remembers who Robb is, but remembers Stannis, Theon, The Hound, hell even Bronn.  But when Robb comes on the screen - "who is that again?"  And it DOES seem like everyone hates him.  He looks like an asshole who broke his vows and disappointed his men to marry a foreign chick and nothing else (I mean, he is those things on the show, but he does actually have supporters)...having no Greatjon is a HUGE let down.  He could bring some comic relief and defend Robb against Roose and Karstark's shit.  At this rate the Red Wedding will suck, and people won't even hate Roose.  Hell, some viewers may even turn on Robb if he lops off Karstark's head on the show, considering two of his sons just died, one being strangled by Jaime...I hope they work on fixing that a lot this season.Hopefully, The Blackfish will make a huge difference regarding this.  He could make the Starks more lovable and memorable. But right now this storyline is definitely one of the weakest.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 03 April 2013 - 05:53 PM.
2073	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	I think this is showing the brilliance of Tywin's strategy. Instead of facing him in the field and risk defeat, he pulls back and avoid confrontation, making use of the Ironborn savaging the North, and let discontent grow.They need a reason why the Northerners wouldn't just kill Bolton and the Freys for murdering Robb, and can always do the 'The North Remembers' deal as more of a political rallying call than true sentiment.The ironborn are alrwady ravaging the North?
2074	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-04	The Tullys and Wendel Manderly (who has been cast) will probably make up for the grumpy Karstark and creepy Roose (though Roose does appear loyal at the moment). I agree that the Greatjon should have been included - his loud blustering would have made a good contrast with Roose's cold, calculating demeanor.
2075	DurararaFTW	2013-04-04	I don't think a figure as high as 70% is accurate. From the information we've got from aDwD it's clear that a sizable force still remains in the North that would have been quite loyal to the Starks. Between Manderly's men, the mountain clans, Mors Umber's men and the Reeds (the number of men the neck could field is pretty tricky to guess at), I think there's more than just a skeletal force.Well, it wiped out about 3/4 of the people that went south with Robb (Karstarks and Bolton being the 1/4 that get back to the North). Manderly for example had a strog force still in the north but the Umbers are down the oldest men and youngest boys.
					
					
							Edited by DurararaFTW, 04 April 2013 - 12:49 PM.
2076	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-04	It's just been the one episode this season. I'll hold judgment for now.
Manderly will be introduced, the Blackfish will be introduced, Robb will forgive his mommy and 
	Spoiler the Red Wedding wil be both awesome and appalling. My guess is that they will include the desecration of Robb/Grey Wind.

Come to think of it: where was Grey Wind in episode 1?
2077	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-04	Well, it wiped out about 3/4 of the people that went south with Robb (Karstarks and Bolton being the 1/4 that get back to the North). Manderly for example had a strog force still in the north but the Umbers are down the oldest men and youngest boys.Only a few hundred Karhold were left at most. Bolton forces were the only ones to return North basically intact, so the RW wiped out more than 3/4 of the Northmen Robb had at the time. Not to mention the losses of the Green Fork and Duskendale
2078	Blackf1sh	2013-04-05	Come to think of it: where was Grey Wind in episode 1?I guess for budgetary reasons
2079	Bold Barry Whitebeard	2013-04-05	One thing you have to remember is that Robb isn't really that beloved or well known in the North.  He was Ned Stark's son.  He never really "ruled" there.  His kingship was spent on campaign in the riverlands.  Sure, his bannermen who fought beside him loved him, but if you look at the northmen in ADWD, it's all about Ned Stark.  They don't want to rescue Arya from the Bolton's because she is Robb's sister, but because she is Ned's daughter.
2080	Tadco26	2013-04-05	The writers have a lot of work to do to set up the TV RW still that is for sure. It is a shame about the Greatjon.  With all the different story lines in GoT it's hard to imagine Manderly getting that much screen time, so will people even care if someone they just got introduced to gets killed? At this point I wonder how many non-readers even remember who the Frey's are? They cut the part where all the Frey troops leave after getting word of the marriage, and so TV wise it seems like all Frey does is guard a bridge. If that was the only thing he contributed to the fight then losing him as an ally wouldn't have mattered nearly as much. Once Robb controlled Harrenhal he could have just taken the King's Road north to Moat Cailin and avoided the Twins.  Will be interesting to see how well they can pull this key story line off.
2081	Honey Badger	2013-04-06	Weird how they handled Greatjon.  He's off campaigning here and there conducting raids on Tywin's baggage train.  Some hand waving is fine.  Also, the English actor looks nothing like the Great One, meaning there was an awful amount of costuming, makeup, and props.  Replace him; he was very cartoony in his depiction, so it's not as difficult to find someone else compared to a Charles Dance.  Or just introduce Smalljon to represent the Umbers while the big guy is away, and bring him back for S3.  Smalljon could still play a background role.
Poorly done, AD&D.  Should have rolled a 20; rolled a 1 and critical missed instead!
2082	shiola	2013-04-06	Every time I remember how badly they've done with Robb's storyline, and what it can mean for the RW, I get more and more upset.  It was the biggest part of the books for me.  As long as Michelle really nails what Catelyn was thinking, it should be fine.  But I don't want it to be like "Robb's a douche who gets his comeuppance."
2083	Bayard	2013-04-06	Yeah it's a disgrace. Not only they took out the Greatjon, but they also did the same with Glover and Maege Mormont. They were there at the King in the North scene, where are they now?? They took them all out and replaced them with Roose Bolton.
	Spoiler If you only see Robb and Cat die it will not have the impact it's needed. At the RW they killed most of the Northern nobility and many many young riverland noble. If you only know 2 people who die, then it will not even rival Ned's beheading, and probably be on par with Renly's death. It was something that shocked the entire Westeros.
2084	NickTargaryen	2013-04-06	We know 
	Spoiler Wendyl (?) Manderly
 is at the RW, we've seen a picture.  So they seem to be addressing that, to some extent at least.(Spoilered because it is a show spoiler)I miss the Greatjon too.  That guy was great, in very little time.Can you please supply a link?
2085	int11	2013-04-06	Can you please supply a link?Show spoiler for those who cares:
	Spoiler In this picture, presumably from the RW, you see Wendel Manderly, Talisa, Robb, Cat and Roose. I don't know where the picture is from.

					
					
							Edited by int11, 06 April 2013 - 02:46 PM.
2086	NickTargaryen	2013-04-06	Show spoiler for those who cares:
	Spoiler In this picture, presumably from the RW, you see Wendel Manderly, Talisa, Robb, Cat and Roose. I don't know where the picture is from.

	Spoiler  Why do people think that is Manderly? He may be a bit big, but other than that there is nothing to suggest that it's him.
2087	int11	2013-04-06	Spoiler  Why do people think that is Manderly? He may be a bit big, but other than that there is nothing to suggest that it's him. 

	Spoiler Because he looks like the guy who was cast as Manderly.

					
					
							Edited by int11, 06 April 2013 - 03:30 PM.
2088	go joff go	2013-04-06	I don't agree with most of the criticisms I have seen but I do think this is one of the more valid  ones, especially since there is some inkling that the Greatjon actor, like the mountains actor, seems to be getting blackballed from the show for not honoring their commitment, since both seemed to suggest they would be happy to come back.  I can understand the showrunners discontent, but its going to come at the expense of the show, and I think when everything is all said and done they are going to regret it.  I don't think the RW works as well if its just Robb, cat and tullys, it should feel much more complex then that.
2089	I do not sew	2013-04-06	I'm not sure how the non book reader TV audience feels about Robb. They may have defaulted to Robb after Ned died. My wife has shifted to supporting Dany because she thinks she has the least chance of dying. No joke.I'm not saying you are wrong. But I do think they should tread carefully. A lot of posters set ASoS down for a while after the RW, but picked it back up. TV audiences are more fickle and might think they are being trolled by the show. You are right that it may just end up being Cat and Robb and few people nobody can recognize. That's why I think they are softening the impact because of audience blowbackI have to admit that even as a reader I'm a bit jaded, post-RW. For example, I'm not taking the bait on the Manderly Northern conspiracy thing.This has never made any sense to me. The idea that viewers would outright stop watching the show because a couple characters die. That the RW is SO HEINOUS that it has to be dialed back. Nonsense. It's a cool scene. Some characters are off'd (and really only one stays dead). People's eyes aren't going to melt in their skulls like fucking Raiders. A few gasps, a ton of stupid youtube reaction video's, and every one of them back the next week.
2090	Head of The Ned	2013-04-06	I don't agree with most of the criticisms I have seen but I do think this is one of the more valid  ones, especially since there is some inkling that the Greatjon actor, like the mountains actor, seems to be getting blackballed from the show for not honoring their commitment, since both seemed to suggest they would be happy to come back.  I can understand the showrunners discontent, but its going to come at the expense of the show, and I think when everything is all said and done they are going to regret it.  I don't think the RW works as well if its just Robb, cat and tullys, it should feel much more complex then that.Yeah I was never one to bitch and complain about the show but the lack of Northern bannermen who are clearly loyal to Robb is a huge downfall. I loved the guy who played the Greatjon and I wanted to see him punch Karstark in the gut when he was talking smack, I wanted to see him drunk at the wedding fighting for his life. I wanted to see Glovers and Manderlys and the lady Mormonts.... If all you are going to show is discontent among the people who are fighting for the King, some of the smarter viewers will pick up on that and figure something bad will happen.
2091	thewalkindude19	2013-04-07	I'm just hoping that Dacey Mormont gets some role, as she had a very memorable part in the RW.The actor who played Polliver (and the character) wasn't announced or even mentioned before he appeared, and he had a few lines and appeared in a couple of episodes, so it could happen...
2092	Joyful Union	2013-04-07	I think a change that would be for the best, would be the Blackfish getting killed, seeing how there appears to be a deficit of recognizable faces to be massacred. If he's set up as a complete badass like his in the books, it would be effective. As long as he isn't of to great importance in WoW and DoS ofc. (yes, I realise he's in FfC, but I'm guessing that whole Riverrun sequence wont be in the series.
2093	Blackf1sh	2013-04-07	I don't think, or at least I hope that the Blackfisch doesn't get killed. It will be nice in the tv show to have the Blackfish in Riverrun being the last major Stark loyalist, and furthermore his conversation with Jamie at Riverrun is one of the best parts of aFfC. Since this book is quite boring compared to the other books they hopefully include it in whats probably season 5 by then.
But lets hope they did cast some minor supporting character actors, which havent been announced, for roles such as Mormont or the Smalljon (or maybe a recast of the Greatjon).
2094	WhiteWalder	2013-04-02	I rewatched S03E01 again last night, and I could not help thinking that by HBO not revealing Barristan Selmy as Whitebeard, it set up Jorah Mormont to die instead of being banished by Dany.  
Here is my thinking:  
In the books, after Whitebeard reveals himself as Barristan, he tells Dany that he could not reveal himself as such in Qarth, because he knew there was spy for king Robert accompanying her.  Dany then realizes that the spy must be Jorah.  Dany asks them both to go away, but then sends both Jorah and Barristan with 20 men on a mission that will either kill them or prove their loyalty.  After a successful mission, Barristan is forgiven, but Jorah is not.  In the book Jorah is banished or will be killed if seen by Dany again. 
Why would it set up Jorah's death to not reveal Barristan as Whitebeard?
In the books, when both Barristan and Jorah are thought to be traitors, there is a feeling from Dany that she cannot lose the two closest people to her and her advisors.
When Dany figures out that Jorah was the spy for king Robert, he continuously deflects her ire towards Barristan like a child.  I am a spy?  Well Barristan helped the Usurper Robert, he is much worse than me.  Dany thinks about why she should forgive the two.
I think without the betrayal from Barristan, all of Dany's wrath will be directed towards Jorah.  There will not be a sense of losing both her advisors and those closest to her all at once.  There will be only the one person who has betrayed her.  There will be nobody for Jorah to deflect Dany's attention towards, and all her ire will come on him at once. I don't think this leaves any room for redemption or forgiveness.  
It sets up Jorah to go on a solo mission to Mereen.  A solo mission would sign his death warrant, or Dany might just kill him with blood and fire.
What are your thoughts?
2095	Kuroiga	2013-04-02	The main reason was that the entire audience would recognize Barristan anyway, and since Jorah had seen Barristan before he was exiled, he would have to recognize him too.
It would be pretty stupid if everyone pretended not to know the greatest knight in all of Westeros /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2096	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Well Jorah plays an important part in Tyrion's future, does he not? I think the relationship between Dany and her bear could yet be patched up in the books. I do not foresee GoT deviating that much from source.Perhaps if Iain Glen desires to quit the show and the showrunners know something we do not... other than that, I cannot see it.
2097	jmk51	2013-04-02	That would slightly change some of the next parts of the plot.  But then again we don't exactly know what happens to Jorah once they join whatever company they join, so D&D might have better insight given they know the outline of the rest of the story.
It would certainly be the first deviation that spoils the book.
2098	billy g.	2013-04-02	I would miss the upcoming scene in Volantis: "You, Imp! You are coming with me!" /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2099	freetickles	2013-04-02	Barristan already admitted that he failed (if not betrayed) her family, so when he reveals that Jorah was spying for Robert Jorah will still point to Barristan and say "yeah, but he served Robert too and you forgave him".
Besides the point about Jorah playing a big role in the story in ADWD and presumably thereafter, Iain Glen is great and they won't kill off his character unless the actor decides to be done with the show. Personally I'm psyched for the Glen-Dinklage interplay and I'm sure the showrunners are, too.
2100	Frumpus	2013-04-02	I don't see Jorah dying. He is an essential castmember with his own storyline and there is absolutely no reason for him to die when he's supposed to join up with Tyrion later on.
Really, I think Dany is more likely to simply exile Jorah than to send him off to die or kill him once she finds out.
2101	Tadco26	2013-04-02	Considering how many deviations the story has already made from the book with Dany's story line, changes don't really mean anything necessarily as far as future books or what will happen in the show based off the current books.  They completely made up Dany's story line for season 2 with little resemblance to the book, so there is nothing to say they won't completely make up future story lines as they see fit.
2102	hombay	2013-04-02	I think you're overreacting. Daenary's reaction to finding out he served Robert Baratheon didn't seem too positive to me. Don't forget that he also failed to defend her father, yet dutifully served two "Usurpers".
2103	DaveSnow House Stark	2013-04-02	I think it's pretty simple. We saw Barriston in the episodes. In the books it was easier to just call him old without every reader realizing who he was. But on the show we saw him a lot and would recognize him quickly.
2104	Tourniquet	2013-04-02	That would be tough for them to do without knowing how the story ends.
2105	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-02	I think it's pretty simple. We saw Barriston in the episodes. In the books it was easier to just call him old without every reader realizing who he was. But on the show we saw him a lot and would recognize him quickly.Well, still could be done in the show - in the booko he is described with long hair and beard, that alone can change looks enough fo non-readers to be confused (but you'd hav to keep casting secret one /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />), esp. without the recap in the intro. Plus you can "hide" the face by various means (like shooting him from behind when the hood is off...).After all in the book it was pretty clear as well, the joy came in from Dany knowing less than reader /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />His story is thus unfortunately diminished a bit, omitting the "need to check if she is Aerys or Rhaegar" bit robs Selmy of quitre a significant character development.
2106	Caesius	2013-04-02	That would be tough for them to do without knowing how the story ends.They know exactly how the story ends.  That point is moot.
2107	int11	2013-04-02	Considering how many deviations the story has already made from the book with Dany's story line, changes don't really mean anything necessarily as far as future books or what will happen in the show based off the current books.  They completely made up Dany's story line for season 2 with little resemblance to the book, so there is nothing to say they won't completely make up future story lines as they see fit.But she is still in Astapor ready to buy the Unsullied, with Jorah and Barristan at her side. All roads lead to Crossroads Inn.
2108	tito5601	2013-04-02	i he wont die cause i like him too muchh...... wait i liked ned stark alot too
2109	Darryk	2013-04-02	There's gonna be enough fan favorites dying in season 3 and 4 without them having to tack on ones that weren't even in the book. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Besides, the audience is gonna love it when Tyrion and Jorah meet up. Especially TV Tyrion and TV Jorah, they'd have to be out of their minds to throw that potential hilarity away.
2110	Nudu	2013-04-02	There was a character HBO meant to kill but GRRM didn't let them do because it was going to have a big role in the twow and ados. Maybe it was Jorah.
2111	Lord Varys	2013-04-02	Jorah will only take a break. If he disappears at the end of season 4, he could reappear in the end of season 5. Tyrion's capture and the revelation that he is off to Meereen not to King's Landing could be the end of Tyrion's arc there (while Aegon is deciding simultaneously to go to Westeros).
As to the fallout between Jorah and Dany: In the show they may play the jealousy card more. First arrives Barristan, next comes Daario. This will surely start to piss Jorah off. Considering that they should deliver the kissing scene in the near future as well, there will be more than enough potential for Dany to be pissed.
And TV Selmy knows at least about the assassination attempt on Daenerys. He is there when Ned asks Varys to call it off. He may very well know that Jorah was the spy who told Robert about Dany's pregnancy...
2112	StarkBlack21	2013-04-02	Jorah won't be killed. Ian Glen signed a 6 season contract. He has stated this, many times. He's safe.
2113	Nezzer	2013-04-02	Jorah won't be killed. Ian Glen signed a 6 season contract. He has stated this, many times. He's safe.I think Richard Madden also signed a six-season contract /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2114	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	The main reason was that the entire audience would recognize Barristan anyway, and since Jorah had seen Barristan before he was exiled, he would have to recognize him too.It would be pretty stupid if everyone pretended not to know the greatest knight in all of Westeros /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I saw the episode with two non-book readers. Neither of which had ANY idea who he was or recognized him even AFTER having watched the 'last time on GoT' scene with him telling Joff to melt down his sword. There is absolutely no reason that they couldn't have done Artsan. He wasn't recognisable without the rouse.
2115	tito5601	2013-04-02	I saw the episode with two non-book readers. Neither of which had ANY idea who he was or recognized him even AFTER having watched the 'last time on GoT' scene with him telling Joff to melt down his sword. There is absolutely no reason that they couldn't have done Artsan. He wasn't recognisable without the rouse. same here! its very hard for my friends to keep up with all the characters if they didnt remember roose bolton when they saw the episode i knew theyw erent gonna remember barristan with shows like this its important for non book readers to watch all these "previously on..." videos that hbo puts before the episode
2116	Mladen	2013-04-02	I think Richard Madden also signed a six-season contract /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />May he enjoy in all 6 seasons /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2117	Elrond Hubbard	2013-04-02	They said in the season 1 commentaries they were really happy to see Jorah back in A Dance With Dragons.  So no, they are not going to kill him off.
2118	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	We know Jorah cant die so soon. I think Dany's motivation to exile him (in the show) will come more from his sexual advances. It did a little in the book, she clearly finds him discomforting in that manner. 
Of course, it wont be the official reason, but it is a motivation the follows HBO's style.
2119	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-03	No way they'd kill Jorah!!!! He's very popular with the TV folk, and for good reason, Ian Glen shines on screen as him. I really only enjoy Book Jorah because I was a TV fan before I read the books.
2120	I do not sew	2013-04-03	I've always hoped they'd show the infiltration of Mereen. I think it'd translate very well, with Jorah and Selmy hating each other but forced to come together for this commando-suicide-mission-impossible type deal. The crocodile infested sewers could be especially awesome.
No way this is happening though. :/
2121	Teren_Kanan	2013-04-03	I saw the episode with two non-book readers. Neither of which had ANY idea who he was or recognized him even AFTER having watched the 'last time on GoT' scene with him telling Joff to melt down his sword. There is absolutely no reason that they couldn't have done Artsan. He wasn't recognisable without the rouse.I don't think the audience knowing is such a big deal. Put a long beard and hair on the actor and many would not recognize him, some would. The reveal to the audience isn't important though. Even if the audience knows who it is the whole time, the reveal still would have been better for Dany's storyline.Now, I don't hate the change, but I just think it'd be a little bit better the original way. You'd get some neat moments of Jorah and Dany wondering just who this old man is, and why he's so BA and wise. Then you could have the Jorah Exile moment play out pretty much the same way, which would be good television. Again though, I don't hate this change, it works just fine and doesn't really change any of the characters from their book counterparts.We know Jorah cant die so soon. I think Dany's motivation to exile him (in the show) will come more from his sexual advances. It did a little in the book, she clearly finds him discomforting in that manner.Of course, it wont be the official reason, but it is a motivation the follows HBO's style.I don't see why the reason for exile would change. He was a spy for King Robert in the TV show too. Barristan knows even more about it in the TV show than he does the books. Your suggestion actually changes the characters from their book counterparts, which is something I get upset about in the TV show. Changing Scenes/Dialogue/storyline is fine, so long as the core of the character is in tact. Dany wouldn't simply send Jorah away forever due to sexual advances. The only character assassination the TV show has really done so far is with Jon imo but don't get me started on that.The only part about the Barristan reveal I disliked was the change from Staff to Knife, and the action sequences in the scene. One moment Barristan draws a knife and heads towards Dany. Jorah grabs him from behind to protect Dany, cut. Next thing we see Barristan is stabbing the Manticore. Next Barristan is running after the girl assassin with his dagger in the air like some crazy old woman would run with a knife, not how a seasoned swordsman would ever run with a dagger.. lol. The action in the scene just doesn't flow. A staff would have made more sense, and instead of Barristan running after the assassin, replace it with a scene of Barristan instantly freeing himself from Jorah with some combat move, and knocking the Manticore away as the Assassin hisses/flees.Ah well.
2122	I do not sew	2013-04-03	Yeah ever since I saw this http://www.google.co...YhESb6f_3tkIWM: fan art of Barristan I was hoping against hope he'd have that look in the show, it's just so ILL.
					
					
							Edited by I do not sew, 03 April 2013 - 01:16 AM.
2123	Woman of War	2013-04-03	I am sooo much looking forward to the scenes of Ian Glenn and Peter Dinklage together!!!
No, Jorah cannot die!
2124	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	None of us know Jorah's final fate, so its kind of hard to believe they'd do something as radical as killing him off like three seasons early.
2125	Bayard	2013-04-03	No way this is happening. It would mean that they would lose the scene with Jorah at the brothel where he meets Tyrion. How could HBO just ignore a titillating scene like that?? I mean come on, they added that useless scene with Bronn just to have a naked chick in episode 1.
2126	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	We know Jorah cant die so soon. I think Dany's motivation to exile him (in the show) will come more from his sexual advances. It did a little in the book, she clearly finds him discomforting in that manner.Of course, it wont be the official reason, but it is a motivation the follows HBO's style.Beat me too it. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
2127	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-03	The timing for the Jorah reveal in the book is perfect though - he realizes Arstan is actually Barristan Selmy, and the reveal about Jorah after that is almost like a comeback.
Any idea who is going to out Jorah in the show? If it is Barristan, I wonder how they can justify keeping it secret for that long.
2128	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Perhaps Barristan will downplay just how much he didn't do for her family, and Jorah will threaten him until eventually all hell breaks loose?
2129	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2013-04-03	There was a character HBO meant to kill but GRRM didn't let them do because it was going to have a big role in the twow and ados. Maybe it was Jorah.Wasn't that the Khal that Dany meets at the end of ADWD.Is there anything keeping Barristan from revealing that Jorah was trying to get dany assasinated?
2130	boojam	2013-04-03	What are your thoughts?There is a [Book Spoilers] on this section , so if you have read ADwD you know Jorah is still alive at the end of of that novel, in fact plays, sort of inadvertently , a role in bringing Tyrion into the vicinity of Dany.I am going  to guess that in Winds Dany and Tyrion meet.Dave and Dan have shown , sometimes mysteriously , a tendency to kill off secondary characters (Dany's hand maidens, for instance). However they have not shown an inclination to depart from George's story line for major characters.So far.
2131	DrRobotnik	2013-04-03	Moderators, please change the title of this thread. It contains the spoiler that something is going on with Jorah.
2132	House Balstroko	2013-04-03	It would be dumb to kill Jorah off so soon, especially considering he is a key player in bringing Tyrion to Dany. I dislike that the hand maidens got killed, but they don't really play an important part in the story so they can be discarded.
2133	Lord Damian	2013-04-05	Later in the season there is an episode "the bear and the maiden fair", that will be the big confrontation and fall out with Jorah and Danny.
2134	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-05	I am sooo much looking forward to the scenes of Ian Glenn and Peter Dinklage together!!!No, Jorah cannot die!I absolutely agree.  Glenn's Jorah has the best voice on the show, I love him to death.  I can't imagine that regal seeming man as a spirit crushed slave, but.......if that voice can talk me through it, I'm good.  I'm looking forward to him and Dinklage on the road to Dany.
2135	Lady Fevre Dream	2013-04-05	Later in the season there is an episode "the bear and the maiden fair", that will be the big confrontation and fall out with Jorah and Danny.I'd always thought that episode would MOSTLY be about Jaime and Brienne.  That doesn't rule out anything with others, like Jorah and Dany, though.As soon as I saw the upfront Barristan reveal on the tv screen differing from the books, I also realized we are liable to lose Jorah, the man with the mostest for a voice, at almost anytime.  I was dying for Barristan's return, but now with the reveal, I realize......it could cost me Jorah and THE VOICE.  I may cry.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2136	Head of The Ned	2013-04-05	I wouldn't say they setup his death but they definitely did setup the betrayal angle. My friend who is only a TV viewer said he suspects that the old dude (Barristan) knows that Jorah was a spy working for Robert in Season 1 and may end up telling Dany. He is one of few viewers who can actually put things together and remember things from past seasons.
Jorah ain't gonna die that would be stupid. He will just be exiled by Dany. Maybe he doesn't show up in season 4 at all and we will get the Strong Belwas to somewhat take his place by Dany's side.
					
					
							Edited by Head of The Ned, 05 April 2013 - 11:08 AM.
2137	hazlnut	2013-04-05	I rewatched S03E01 again last night, and I could not help thinking that by HBO not revealing Barristan Selmy as Whitebeard, it set up Jorah Mormont to die instead of being banished by Dany.  The book reveal always felt clumsy and pointless, another GRRM name we have to remember.  I liked the bit about him watcher her for a while to make sure she was worthy, but that can be explained in one line of dialogue.
2138	NedStark2013	2013-04-06	My opinion is this Both Jorah and Selmy saved her life. So Dany may just give Jorah a mission to test him but he feels insulted and feels he must regain her trust and Tyrion's head would be that. Selmy with this actor just expresses you can trust me look to him. This actor just makes Selmy someone to trust. I kinda like the Bug change thing for he escaped Jorah very fast for an old man to kill the bug.
2139	Maester Ruin	2013-04-06	Im hopring that Barristan will Provide some backstory to the TV-audience concerning Rhaegar, he has been pretty much ignored up to this point. Im assuming that Danny is going to have many questions to ask to a man who served her fathers kingsguard, so hopefully that will play out as it did in the book.
The question is, When is Selmy going to Reveal the truth about Jorah? he would be wise to do it right away, if he waits too long to reveal that danny had a traitor close to her that might anger Daenerys and cause her to send him away too, leading to the same scenario as in the books where he and jorah go on the sewer mission
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 06 April 2013 - 01:05 PM.
2140	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	My opinion is this Both Jorah and Selmy saved her life. So Dany may just give Jorah a mission to test him but he feels insulted and feels he must regain her trust and Tyrion's head would be that. Selmy with this actor just expresses you can trust me look to him. This actor just makes Selmy someone to trust. I kinda like the Bug change thing for he escaped Jorah very fast for an old man to kill the bug.Plus it never hurts to have one of the best fighters in Westeros on your side.
2141	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	Im hopring that Barristan will Provide some backstory to the TV-audience concerning Rhaegar, he has been pretty much ignored up to this point. Im assuming that Danny is going to have many questions to ask to a man who served her fathers kingsguard, so hopefully that will play out as it did in the book.The question is, When is Selmy going to Reveal the truth about Jorah? he would be wise to do it right away, if he waits too long to reveal that danny had a traitor close to her that might anger Daenerys and cause her to send him away too, leading to the same scenario as in the books where he and jorah go on the sewer missionBarristan will use the "I needed to know you weren't mad and could trust me" reason for explaining why he waited to reveal Jorah's spying. If he just rolls up, previous LC of Robert's KG and says hey that man has betrayed you it may not go over so well as if he waits to demonstrate his loyalty and good council before telling Dany.
2142	tws1978	2013-04-07	The show would have to be crazy to kill Jorah, He is the only familiar and popular character Tyrion interacts with in ADWD. In fact, I expect we will see Jorah even more than in the books as we are not limited by the POV structure. IÂ´m pretty sure we will be actually there when he and the bunch of crazies are send on the quest inside of MeereenÂ´s sewers. That siege will be a big story of season 4, not just a little chapter where we are with Dany waiting while the mission is on. And then he will be banished sometime around S04E08, but we will catch with him in early in season 5 when he is still alone. And then, sometime around mid season 5, he will meet Tyrion. I donÂ´t think there will be more than 5 or 6 episodes between him leaving Dany and joining Tyrion.
I think his story in this and next season will be mostly based on jealousy, both of DanyÂ´s growing sexual relationship with Daario and grandfather/granddaughter relationship with Barristan. In the books Dany started her physical relationship with Daario after Jorah was already gone, but the show is purposefully bringing him sooner so they can play the conflict on screen. He is man crazily in love with Dany and this was  his best chance to get from the friendly zone. It will destroy him to watch her refusing his advances and moving on with Daario instead. I think he may even do something shady to undermine that relationship or entrap Daario as traitor but it will turn against him.
2143	dalrymple123	2013-04-02	So I just realized, that during the opening sequence, where it shows Astapor, there is only one other visible city in the distance. Is this because Astapor and Yunkai will merge into one city? 
I really hope its just that they havent got around to designing it because we wont see it until s4 or something. Just wanted to hear your thoughts
2144	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-02	I think with book 3 being adapted into two seasons, Dany won't get to Meereen until season 4 and the other city is Yunkai. If i'm wrong and Astapor and Yunkai are being merged I will shit bricks.
2145	KingWolf	2013-04-02	On the map on the viewer guide both cities are seperate so I dont think they are merging them.
2146	Lord Varys	2013-04-02	The second city seems to be Yunkai. At least I think I could make out the 'y' at the beginning of the name on the map. And it fits with the map from the novels. We only get the locations designed on the map that are actually visited in the season. And the episode titles strongly suggest that Meereen won't be visited in season 3. We'll get to that in season 4.
2147	kevin1989	2013-04-02	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835I think with book 3 being adapted into two seasons, Dany won't get to Meereen until season 4 and the other city is Yunkai. If i'm wrong and Astapor and Yunkai are being merged I will shit bricks.They are two city's. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Probably Mereen will be next season. But I fear that Mereen will be more west than in the books
2148	Reposado	2013-04-02	On the map on the viewer guide both cities are seperate so I dont think they are merging them.doesn't mean they won't merge them plotwise though.
2149	Lady Hornwood	2013-04-02	http://img833.images...163/astapor.png
So, what do You guys think these are?
					
					
							Edited by Lady Hornwood, 02 April 2013 - 07:34 AM.
2150	Bayard	2013-04-02	http://img833.images...163/astapor.pngSo, what do You guys think these are?Yeah, noticed that, strange. In the latest trailer of the show, there is an image with the Unsullied leaving Astapor, in columns, and they are exiting various gates, which are one next to the other. So, somewhere around there are the gates. The defensive wall of Astapor is right across that peninsula, but I have no idea what are those lines. Something defensive as well??Anyway, when I saw the intro, I panicked why were there only 2 cities??? I was always afraid that they would merge the taking of Yunkai and Meereen, and give the antagonist position of Yunkai from the books to Astapor. In they eyes of TV fans, maybe the taking of 3 cities one after another, unimportant cities might get repetitive. And Dany's arc is the most important for the show (unfortunately). Well, at least those were my concerns. But now I am kind of at ease. The second city has a name next to it and it is simply too short to be Meereen. The first letter even looks like an Y. I guess they could have transfered her story from Meereen to Yunkai, but that would be a huge change, which I don't think they would make. Why would they??? when Dany stays 2 books there??? And then I went on HBO's GOT site, looked at the map, and there they were: all 3 cities /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. The last episode is named Mhysa, that will be the ending of Season 3, the taking of Yunkai. They will keep Meereen for season 4.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 02 April 2013 - 08:07 AM.
2151	Loras	2013-04-02	http://img833.images...163/astapor.pngSo, what do You guys think these are?As the sequence goes on, those 'lines' move to form the outer wall of Astapor.  It almost looks like a giant courtyard - or as I suspect, a giant slave market.
2152	Lord Varys	2013-04-02	It would have been difficult, anyway, to merge Meereen and Yunkai, if they did not want to fuck the Sacking of Astapor up. Astapor is in no shape to oppose or threaten Dany after she has dealt with the slavers there. Yunkai, on the other hand, is never taken nor sacked. All Dany does is force the Yunkai'i to free their slaves. The leaders of Yunkai remain untouched, and its political society intact. That's why Yunkai later can spearhead the anti-Dany movement in Slaver's Bay.
And Meereen, well, Meereen is going to be the city Dany is going to conquer and rule. Making two seasons out of ASoS and reducing the Dany plot kind of contradict itself. They cannot hasten Dany's story along if they want to tell all the stuff that happens in Westeros. Else Dany is in Westeros and Tywin is still alive, or something like that.
I hope they keep the stuff about post-Dany Astapor in the show. The tragedy of the city which ends up tearing itself apart after Dany leaves it is interesting.
2153	Tourniquet	2013-04-02	I think with book 3 being adapted into two seasons, Dany won't get to Meereen until season 4 and the other city is Yunkai. If i'm wrong and Astapor and Yunkai are being merged I will shit bricks.Yellow or Red bricks?
2154	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-02	Yellow or Red bricks?  I will shit the bricks of Pentos
2155	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-03	Yeah, noticed that, strange. In the latest trailer of the show, there is an image with the Unsullied leaving Astapor, in columns, and they are exiting various gates, which are one next to the other. So, somewhere around there are the gates. The defensive wall of Astapor is right across that peninsula, but I have no idea what are those lines. Something defensive as well??Anyway, when I saw the intro, I panicked why were there only 2 cities??? I was always afraid that they would merge the taking of Yunkai and Meereen, and give the antagonist position of Yunkai from the books to Astapor. In they eyes of TV fans, maybe the taking of 3 cities one after another, unimportant cities might get repetitive. And Dany's arc is the most important for the show (unfortunately). Well, at least those were my concerns. But now I am kind of at ease. The second city has a name next to it and it is simply too short to be Meereen. The first letter even looks like an Y. I guess they could have transfered her story from Meereen to Yunkai, but that would be a huge change, which I don't think they would make. Why would they??? when Dany stays 2 books there??? And then I went on HBO's GOT site, looked at the map, and there they were: all 3 cities /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />. The last episode is named Mhysa, that will be the ending of Season 3, the taking of Yunkai. They will keep Meereen for season 4.yeah I went through the same thought process
2156	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-03	I think a lot of screen time is taken up with the seige of Mereen. I would have been OK with Yunkai and Astapor being merged into 1.
2157	All-for-Joffrey	2013-04-03	Now that you mention it, I wonder where they'll film Mereen and Yunkai, if it's included. 
Essaouira, the Moroccan city they filmed Asatpor in, is perfect for a slave city but it's pretty small and the old city, the medieval portion of it that's actually usable for filming Game of Thrones, is even smaller still. I'm not sure if they can pull off having it double as Astapor and Mereen, let alone having it triple as Yunkai, so I'm thinking there's a good chance that they'll consolidate Astapor and Yunkai into one.
2158	Bayard	2013-04-04	Now that you mention it, I wonder where they'll film Mereen and Yunkai, if it's included.Essaouira, the Moroccan city they filmed Asatpor in, is perfect for a slave city but it's pretty small and the old city, the medieval portion of it that's actually usable for filming Game of Thrones, is even smaller still. I'm not sure if they can pull off having it double as Astapor and Mereen, let alone having it triple as Yunkai, so I'm thinking there's a good chance that they'll consolidate Astapor and Yunkai into one.They probably used those areas for both cities, that will most likely look a lot alike. I don't know what they will use for Meereen, I guess they could use Dubrovnik, just like they did for King's Landing?? Why not. There are no more ziggurats left, so they would have to use a lot of CGI, for those pyramids, they could add them over any city.
2159	Tyrion4President	2013-04-04	might be dreaming but i think i saw the harpy in the openning sequence...
2160	Igziabeher	2013-04-04	There was a harpy atop the largest building in astapor in the opening.
2161	boojam	2013-04-04	Now that you mention it, I wonder where they'll film Mereen and Yunkai, if it's included. Essaouira, the Moroccan city they filmed Asatpor in, is perfect for a slave city but it's pretty small and the old city, the medieval portion of it that's actually usable for filming Game of Thrones, is even smaller still. I'm not sure if they can pull off having it double as Astapor and Mereen, let alone having it triple as Yunkai, so I'm thinking there's a good chance that they'll consolidate Astapor and Yunkai into one.I saw a documentary or was it an interview? Maybe someone knows. Where David or Dan? who said two ancient Moroccan sea forts were being used, Essaouira, as mentioned above, for Asatpor and yet another for Yunakai,can't remember the name. Quite to my surprise!Making me think , and it would be logical, they will elaborate the conquest of Yuankai , by the end of season 3.Mereen will be taken in season 4 , I think, meaning two battles (and one sack) in the East. Elaborated , I don't know , because the Battle for the Wall has to fall in there somewhere.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 05 April 2013 - 06:19 AM.
2162	Kasrith	2013-04-05	might be dreaming but i think i saw the harpy in the openning sequence...Yup, same one Dany sees from the ship
2163	TigerKarl	2013-04-06	Those cities won't merge, you can easily see that the second unnamed city doesn't have the worm river flowing through it. They're doing this accurately.
2164	boojam	2013-04-06	Ok the answer is the Moroccan city of  Ait Benhaddou will double for  Yunkai.(Lord! I did not know 16 ancient history films have used this ancient fortfied seaport city going back to 1965.)From the outside it looks more impressive than Essaouira* which doubles for Astapor.http://artsbeat.blog...stions-answeredIt would seem they would reach there this season, with the battle taking place there.It will be curious to see if, unlike the book, the actual battle is elaborated.Have seen no out-takes or stills from there, I think?, pre season.There is that fantastic first view of Astapor from Dany's POV from the ship of Astapor....but I was surprised there was not VFX 'enhancement' for the interior shots.Such as was done at Dubrovnik.Money I guess.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 06 April 2013 - 08:28 AM.
2165	Woel	2013-04-06	Ok the answer is the Moroccan city of  Ait Benhaddou will double for  Yunkai.(Lord! I did not know 16 ancient history films have used this ancient fortfied seaport city going back to 1965.)From the outside it looks more impressive than Essaouira* which doubles for Astapor.http://artsbeat.blog...stions-answeredIt would seem they would reach there this season, with the battle taking place there.It will be curious to see if, unlike the book, the actual battle is elaborated.Have seen no out-takes or stills from there, I think?, pre season.There is that fantastic first view of Astapor from Dany's POV from the ship of Astapor....but I was surprised there was not VFX 'enhancement' for the interior shots.Such as was done at Dubrovnik.Money I guess.Wow, Ait Benhaddou looks perfect for Yunkai! Thank you for sharing.
2166	boojam	2013-04-07	Wow, Ait Benhaddou looks perfect for Yunkai! Thank you for sharing. Ait Benhaddou is  very impressive.From Dan and Dave's interview seems (seems?) Meereen will not be in this season, but season 4 seems more logical for it anyway.Am guessing they are scouting locations for that now.On thing seems to me , if we go by GRRM's description of Meereen and they can afford it Meereen will have to VFX-ed the city out the gazoo! Plus , and I am guessing they will do this in NI, they will need a throne room about twice the size of the one at KL!Is Paint Hall that big?I mean they will have to keep the throne room at KL too.
							Edited by boojam, 07 April 2013 - 09:28 AM.
2167	Warden of the North121	2013-04-01	Idk why people are upset with his reasoning. The fact that he was unnerved by Mormont being essentially indifferent towards baby killing is actually better than being all "woe is me" because he's a bastard. The whole reason he joined the NW was because of that wasn't it? Correct me on anything if I'm wrong, I have not read the book for a while.
2168	Ser Edmure Tully	2013-04-01	I kind of liked the whole "did you see where they put the bastard" thing but I can see why they changed it in the show, for one it draws the viewers mind back to craster's keep where fairly important events will take place this season.
The thing I really missed was mance's story about his cloak and why he left the watch, although we might still get it.
2169	victim	2013-04-01	I liked this change too. At this point, we know how much Jon hates being a bastard, and the more he complains about it the less I like him as a character (like when Tyrion wallowed about his misfortune throughout A Dance with Dragons). Jon's purpose in the books is to be one of a few characters who knows about, and actively tries to stop, the White Walker invasion. The show is trying to make him less of an emo and more of a hero - so, no complaints here.
The part of this scene I wasn't crazy about was Mance. I didn't need to hear the Red Cloak story but I would have liked an explanation as to how he knew Jon was Ned Stark's bastard. Did he just happen to know that Ned's bastard joined to Watch and then assumed Jon was he? Or is he going to get into more detail later? Please be the second one.
2170	Nezzer	2013-04-01	I also think his reasoning was better in the show. In the Night's Watch it doesn't matter much if you are a lord, a bastard or a commoner. Jon barely even mentioned the Night's Watch in his explanation in the book, I don't know how Mance thought that was convincing. Mance is much smarter in the show, apparently.
My only gripe with that scene is the same as Victim's. I missed Mance's story about climbing the Wall and infiltrating Winterfell. That was a great story I wish they hadn't cut. At least they can still include it and I really hope they do.
2171	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	My only gripe with that scene is the same as Victim's. I missed Mance's story about climbing the Wall and infiltrating Winterfell. That was a great story I wish they hadn't cut. At least they can still include it and I really hope they do.I'm hoping Mance's story will appear later on. Correct me if I'm wrong, but Mance actually doesn't have a whole lot of exchanges with Jon in ASOS does he? From what I remember, it's really only the first two Jon chapters and then again at the very end of the book.I could see the show weaving parts of his discussions with Jon throughout this whole season, instead of all at once. I have to imagine they'll use more of the initial meeting from Jon and Mance than what was aired last night.
2172	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-01	I really loved the book version so was worried coming into the tv version. But the tv logic sold me as well.
So all in all, I would have liked to have seen both reasons in there - because both of them make sense. (NW is still a product of Westerosi society and is filled with unwillingly sent outcasts, whilst the NW still see Wildlings as their main enemy and have ignored the threat of the White Walkers)
2173	kwak76	2013-04-01	I prefer the book version over the TV version .  In the book version if I remember correctly one of the core reason why Mance left the night watch is because he fell in love and found a woman.  I;m not sure if they have Mance wife around in the TV version .  Most likely not since in the book version I think he was singing or playing something to his wife.
In the book version John left the night watch because not only was he a bastard but I think John was able to connect with Mance in that he has nothing  back home . What I mean is that as a bastard he will get nothing at Winter fell  and joining the night watch for what? To die for no good cause.
It's more than John being a bastard. By joining Mance it's a chance for John to build a new life outside the 7 kingdom . Just like Mance left the Night watch because of love.
Not sure if I make sense but that's what I gather from reading the book. But I think I understand why the TV version cut it out. It's just more simple to explain...but the weakness of that is that the night watch was created to fight the white walkers ..etc.
2174	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-01	I like the change. It's hard for a modern audience to grasp just how much Jon hates being a bastard, especially given half of us watching were probably born out of wedlock and no one cares. In the books we have the benefit of being inside his head, and we can learn his rationale and his insecurities. In the show, it's more difficult.
This change nicely sets up Jon's future story, ie, the reason why he allies with the Wildlings after becoming LC.
2175	LordStoneheart	2013-04-01	If they can have Ramin write a melody for Castamere and Bear/Maiden Fair, they could have did the same with The Dornishman's Wife or maybe even asked this guy if they could his melody. Ciarin Hands who plays Mance has experience singing. Hehe... watching Mance next week is gonna seem funny now...
2176	Head of The Ned	2013-04-02	I'm hoping Mance's story will appear later on. Correct me if I'm wrong, but Mance actually doesn't have a whole lot of exchanges with Jon in ASOS does he? From what I remember, it's really only the first two Jon chapters and then again at the very end of the book.I could see the show weaving parts of his discussions with Jon throughout this whole season, instead of all at once. I have to imagine they'll use more of the initial meeting from Jon and Mance than what was aired last night.Exactly this. Jons chapters are mostly him Ygritte and Tormund. With the show Mance gets more screen-time and will probably tell Jon some of his escapades as they march to the wall.
2177	Montey14	2013-04-02	In season 1 when they didn't let Jon eat with the rest of the family...the anger and pain was evident ...I thought that was bought it rather nicely in season 1.  I would have liked  Jon to give him that reason as well in show....would have been a nice kewl for people to know Mance was there when Ned feasted the king and to know just how fragile the kingdom is .....what happens in crasters keep will be pretty self evident ....but for Jn to bring forth the pain and anger of that night would have been a good thing....especially since we had that scene with Tyrion and Tywin.....they both kind of share the smae sort of anger and pains.
2178	DornishmansWife	2013-04-02	If they can have Ramin write a melody for Castamere and Bear/Maiden Fair, they could have did the same with The Dornishman's Wife or maybe even asked this guy if they could his melody. Ciarin Hands who plays Mance has experience singing. Hehe... watching Mance next week is gonna seem funny now...I would be greatly validated if they wrote a melody for The Dornishman's Wife /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2179	Montey14	2013-04-02	LOl...forgot that he sings that song on the harp...that would be funny
2180	Delmas	2013-04-02	Yup, like everyone here I hope that mance is not dumbed down to the point of many of the characters in the show.
Book Mance is a badass, I hope he is on the show.
Oh yea the bard part will be missed, why not have him playing when Jon walk's in?
Seems like crafting an insturment for him to play would been rahter simple.
2181	Liathano	2013-04-02	I liked it; I thought it was less weak.
2182	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-02	The part of this scene I wasn't crazy about was Mance. I didn't need to hear the Red Cloak story but I would have liked an explanation as to how he knew Jon was Ned Stark's bastard. Did he just happen to know that Ned's bastard joined to Watch and then assumed Jon was he? Or is he going to get into more detail later? Please be the second one.Simple the Lord of Bones sent word to Mance that he captured Quorin Halfhand and Ned Stark's Bastard. The word got to the tent before Ygritte and Jon did.Also the wildlings should've been more interested that Jon Snow is Benjen Stark's nephew, who is first ranger and another person that they hate.
					
					
							Edited by WiDMNDBAMMD, 02 April 2013 - 01:42 AM.
2183	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-02	I kind of liked the whole "did you see where they put the bastard" thing but I can see why they changed it in the show, for one it draws the viewers mind back to craster's keep where fairly important events will take place this season.The thing I really missed was mance's story about his cloak and why he left the watch, although we might still get it.Agree the craster thing was weak, if they were gonna put it anywhere it should've been the beginning. What are they gonna follow that up with the "cloak story n "where they put the bastard" while they brade each others hair later, they missed it there.
2184	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I hated it for the fact that the real story would have given background to a very important character-Mance amd what he's about.
2185	Bayard	2013-04-02	So, he wants to fight for the living, right?? And the Night's Watch do what?? work with the Others?? Even more, Mance Rayder wants to attack the wall, maybe even destroy it... how is that fighting for the living?? Of course, it's in the interest of the wildlings, but they are only a couple hunderd of thousands, Westeros has 40 million!! That's why it makes no sense, working with Mance, he puts in danger many more people!! The version in the books made sense. He was there because he wanted more then a life in NW, and the Westeros society didn't allow him to have that. Of course that made him look like a douche, but it was a lie. It wasn't a perfect argument, Mance didn't fully trust him, but Jon there had a direwolf, was a skinchanger... he was something special, worthy of some risk. In the show, he is nothing.
					
					
							Edited by Bayard, 02 April 2013 - 08:15 AM.
2186	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	I thought this was a better reason than the one in the book.  The book reason was pretty weak.  And, I don't really see the importance of the Mance Winterfell back story that much, I care more than the personality of Mance seems to be completely different from the one in the books.
2187	Hear me Meow	2013-04-02	It makes sense in terms of the character the show portrays. Jon Show is a bit of a doofus and Mance correctly assessed he wanted to be a hero. It is not implausible an impressionable kid should be so disgusted by a necessary compromise that he might decide to switch sides.
His reasoning doesn't have to make sense in the cold light of day for someone to assume that it was partly genuine.
His argument may have even flattered Mance somewhat too.
					
					
							Edited by Bran the Cute, 02 April 2013 - 08:23 AM.
2188	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	So, he wants to fight for the living, right?? And the Night's Watch do what?? work with the Others?? Even more, Mance Rayder wants to attack the wall, maybe even destroy it... how is that fighting for the living?? Of course, it's in the interest of the wildlings, but they are only a couple hunderd of thousands, Westeros has 40 million!! That's why it makes no sense, working with Mance, he puts in danger many more people!! The version in the books made sense. He was there because he wanted more then a life in NW, and the Westeros society didn't allow him to have that. Of course that made him look like a douche, but it was a lie. It wasn't a perfect argument, Mance didn't fully trust him, but Jon there had a direwolf, was a skinchanger... he was something special, worthy of some risk. In the show, he is nothing.This so much!The explanation wasn't all that terrible but I still don't think it makes much sense. How does Jon even know that a turncloak traitor (and this is all that Mance is at this point of the story) fights for the living as opposed to the NW who...what? are in league with the Others?At least they didn't go with the "I want to be free line" which would have been worse.
2189	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	Idk why people are upset with his reasoning. The fact that he was unnerved by Mormont being essentially indifferent towards baby killing is actually better than being all "woe is me" because he's a bastard. The whole reason he joined the NW was because of that wasn't it? Correct me on anything if I'm wrong, I have not read the book for a while.But the reason he gives isn't by being unnerved by the baby killing, but by wanting to be alive.  Which, while a good thing, is not a reason for Mance to believe that he is going to turn his cloak since Jon, presumably, knows the vows he gives at being a part of the NW.No, for me the reasoning he gives Mance is not strong enough at all to get the buy in for Mance to trust him and think he is actually a turncloak.
2190	rystine	2013-04-02	I like the change. It's hard for a modern audience to grasp just how much Jon hates being a bastard, especially given half of us watching were probably born out of wedlock and no one cares.I liked the explanation Jon gave in the show, and this is as good an explanation as any.  I didn't necessarily like it better than the one in the books, but it worked just as well.  In the books we get a very good sense of why being a bastard is a definite negative in the 7 kingdoms, but in the show its not as clear.To people that haven't read the books, the idea that a person is a bastard is NBD.  But the idea that Jon was disgruntled about Mormont looking the other way regarding Craster's baby sacrifices makes a lot of sense.  At least IMHO.Somewhat OT, I thought Hinds and Hivju were great as Mance and Tormund.
2191	-Ghost-	2013-04-02	No, for me the reasoning he gives Mance is not strong enough at all to get the buy in for Mance to trust him and think he is actually a turncloak.I agree. In the book version Mance was actually there to see Jons story so its not just some BS  reason that he is believing. Also, Id say that more than likely there was truth in Jons story and he was mad about that situation, just not enough to actually turn his cloak for real. Book Jon even thinks to himself that theres only one story Mance will believe.And seriously, I really hope they dont cut Mance's stories about crossing the Wall and his red stripped cloak. Right now Mance just looks like a turncloak that deserted for a crown. He didnt desert for a crown, or women, or wildling music, he deserted because of that cloak. I've said it before, but these stories let you get to know and understand Mance and I really think it will do the same for viewers. Especially new viewers that think Mance is the bad guy. So far, it doesnt sound like we will be getting any Har!'s from Tormund, I hope they dont change Mance to much too.
2192	Fengari	2013-04-02	No problem with the TV reason. With "I want to fight for the living", what he is actually saying is "Now I know white walkers are not just a story, I don't see the point of fighting other men (the wildlings) anymore". Which, at the point he left the others at the fist, is what the NW was doing. They see the wildlings as their main enemy and the reason the Wall exists, not the White Walkers. I'm guessing they see things a little different by now as well, but Jon does not know that yet.
Him shifting his priority to fighting the White Walkers is also a good setup for what is to follow.
I actually never totally really bought the book reason. If being a bastard with no future was what bothered Jon, that was already solved by joining the Watch, where family ties didn't matter anymore anyway and he had a future, being groomed for leadership. It didn't matter to me that I didn't totally buy it as I already knew it was false, and the only thing that mattered to me was whether Mance bought it. The reason he did is explained in the book by the stories Mance tells: Jon told him just what he wanted to hear.
I do hope we will get some more of Mance's stories later, but I'm guessing we will, as Mance doesn't have that much to do for a while in the book and I suppose they will want to keep a character this important in the picture.
2193	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	No problem with the TV reason. With "I want to fight for the living", what he is actually saying is "Now I know white walkers are not just a story, I don't see the point of fighting other men (the wildlings) anymore". Which, at the point he left the others at the fist, is what the NW was doing. They see the wildlings as their main enemy and the reason the Wall exists, not the White Walkers. I'm guessing they see things a little different by now as well, but Jon does not know that yet.I agree and disagree with this. While I do think that the reasoning you provide backs the "I want to fight for the living" this is more in tune with Jon's story in ADWD, when he:
	Spoiler Decides that the living-NW and wildings- should stand together against the Others and their wights and takes decisions as LC in order to allow this
It doesn't work the same way at this point of the story because:- As far as Jon knows Mance is a turncloak and a traitor- The wildings are planing to fight other men, in this case the NW, in order to storm the Wall. Mance isn't fighting white walkers, his fight is against the NW at this point. He is planning to fight against the living not the dead. And Jon is supposed to know this given that Craster told him that Mance plans to take his army south in season 2.
2194	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	I agree and disagree with this. While I do think that the reasoning you provide backs the "I want to fight for the living" this is more in tune with Jon's story in ADWD, when he:
	Spoiler Decides that the living-NW and wildings- should stand together against the Others and their wights and takes decisions as LC in order to allow this
It doesn't work the same way at this point of the story because:- As far as Jon knows Mance is a turncloak and a traitor- The wildings are planing to fight other men, in this case the NW, in order to storm the Wall. Mance isn't fighting white walkers, his fight is against the NW at this point. He is planning to fight against the living not the dead. And Jon is supposed to know this given that Craster told him that Mance plans to take his army south in season 2.The wording is a bit shaky since he really could have said "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." But there's also a reason Mance is heading South, not because he just wants to conquer. Fake Turncloak Jon is basically saying I don't want to follow a man or fight with men that pretend to be something they're not. But again the wording could've been better.After thinking on it for a while the reasoning is actually sounder in the TV Show, it's just much more poetic in the books and I still prefer it that way.
2195	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	The wording is a bit shaky since he really could have said "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." But there's also a reason Mance is heading South, not because he just wants to conquer. Fake Turncloak Jon is basically saying I don't want to follow a man or fight with men that pretend to be something they're not. But again the wording could've been better.After thinking on it for a while the reasoning is actually sounder in the TV Show, it's just much more poetic in the books and I still prefer it that way.The reasoning would have possily been sound had he actually said what you posted.
2196	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	The wording is a bit shaky since he really could have said "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." But there's also a reason Mance is heading South, not because he just wants to conquer. Fake Turncloak Jon is basically saying I don't want to follow a man or fight with men that pretend to be something they're not. But again the wording could've been better.After thinking on it for a while the reasoning is actually sounder in the TV Show, it's just much more poetic in the books and I still prefer it that way.My main problem is with the bold part. I know there's a reason Mance is heading south, but does Jon? I honestly can't remember a moment  from the tv show that shows Jon having any idea that the reason Mance is heading south is because he's trying to protect his own people. Book Jon sure didn't! It was something he came to understand much later.Besides, the whole "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." could easily read "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye when a wilding gives his kids to the white walkers so am going to join an even greater group of wildings because they fight for the living"Jon's reasoning ignores the evidence that it was a wilding and not the NW the one that sacrifice the kid. So Jon is turning against the NW for ignoring the situation but comes to the conclusion that the party who made the actual sacrifice is the one that fights for the living. And I thought he couldn't get dumber than in season 2. I guess I was prove wrong.
2197	Targaryen Tempest	2013-04-02	Besides, the whole "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." could easily read "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye when a wilding gives his kids to the white walkers so am going to join an even greater group of wildings because they fight for the living"Jon's reasoning ignores the evidence that it was a wilding and not the NW the one that sacrifice the kid. So Jon is turning against the NW for ignoring the situation but comes to the conclusion that the party who made the actual sacrifice is the one that fights for the living. And I thought he couldn't get dumber than in season 2. I guess I was prove wrong.Do you really think Craster is on Mance's side? He is a known ally of the Night's Watch.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Tempest, 02 April 2013 - 04:33 PM.
2198	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	My main problem is with the bold part. I know there's a reason Mance is heading south, but does Jon? I honestly can't remember a moment  from the tv show that shows Jon having any idea that the reason Mance is heading south is because he's trying to protect his own people. Book Jon sure didn't! It was something he came to understand much later.Besides, the whole "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." could easily read "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye when a wilding gives his kids to the white walkers so am going to join an even greater group of wildings because they fight for the living"Jon's reasoning ignores the evidence that it was a wilding and not the NW the one that sacrifice the kid. So Jon is turning against the NW for ignoring the situation but comes to the conclusion that the party who made the actual sacrifice is the one that fights for the living. And I thought he couldn't get dumber than in season 2. I guess I was prove wrong.Show Jon is fully aware that wights/WW's are in full effect again, and it's really reasonable logic to assume they all of a sudden want to head south when they resurface.Craster is not on Mance's side as much as Tywin Lannister is not on Robb's.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 April 2013 - 04:35 PM.
2199	Winterfellian	2013-04-02	Do you really think Craster is on Mance's side? He is a known ally of the Night's Watch.Craster is a wilding and Jon has not much of an idea of what the rest are really like (besides Ygritte who played him like a fool and the rest who murdered his brothers). If a Watch-friendly wilding gives his kids to the others, then what's there to say that the other wildings are not going to be even worse? If we have one wilding giving his kids to the Others and the Old Bear telling him that wildings serve crueler Gods than the rest and with no evidence to the contrary how is Jon to assume that the other wildings are all super cool dudes who fight for the living?Show Jon is fully aware that wights/WW's are in full effect again, and it's really reasonable logic to assume they all of a sudden want to head south when they resurface.Craster is not on Mance's side as much as Tywin Lannister is not on Robb's.My point isn't the potential intentions of the white walkers, but that Jon has no idea what are Mance's intentions.On what basis does he makes the decision that Mance fights for the living? What has Mance done at this point to show that he fights for the living besides gathering an army to try and storm the very barrier meant to keep the WW at bay?Jon has no solid evidence to reach this kind of conclusion because he doesn't know Mance beyond the fact that he's a turncloak who's heading south. What circumstantial evidence does Jon posses that shows he knows what fighting alongside the wildings means fighting for the living?And like I said earlier, Mance has absolutely no plans to fight dead men and white walkers (not that Jon knows this) He is taking his battle against the men of the NW and not the WW themselves.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfellian, 02 April 2013 - 06:06 PM.
2200	Bluesnow	2013-04-02	I preferred the book reasoning.
The wildlings believe in freedom from societal systems that burden the south, and embrace merit over lineage.
Jon's reasoning that he wants to join the wildlings because he was the bastard his entire life makes sense. You can argue that on the wall being a bastard doesn't matter... but the reality is he only went to the wall in the first place because there was no other place for him, and Mance saw that at the Party. Because his reason directly associates his very personal back story to the strong ideals of the wildlings it was the perfect excuse.  
The baby killing thing was pulled out of no where. I guess in the show they made a bigger deal out of it and threw in that whole scene for extra suspense...
Maybe it would have worked if there was more build up to this decision, or if they had explained it better?
It was so rushed I had to go back and rewatch that scene just to make sure I got it right.
					
					
							Edited by Bluesnow, 02 April 2013 - 07:32 PM.
2201	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-03	It was a very good change IMO. For one, there was no way they could include the whole Mance was at Winterfell during the royal visit story to set it up in the scene, like it was in the book. Thus, the original reason was not going to work or couldn't play out in the same way. I love it in the book, but if they tried to make it work without the set up, it would of fell very very flat. The reason the show gave was possibly even better, and called in a more recent event from last season, but also did TV viewers the added bonus of reorienting them with the more important back story info that the Free Folk are decedents of the First Men, like Jon, and that they are just as dedicated to fighting/surviving the true enemy, if not far more so.
2202	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Although I really liked Jon's "reasoning" for leaving the NW in the book, I'm totally fine with the change, for several reasons. Firstly, its a totally valid one. Second, it seems a more persuasive argument to put to this Mance, who seems a lot more solem than the book Mance. But most importantly for me, I think it leaves the viewer somewhat unsure as to whether Jon really is still loyal to the Nights Watch. And I think that would be a great thing for his arc. In the book we were always sure of his true loyalties because we were inside his head. I think making it more uncertain adds a lot of depth to Jon's arc.
A slight aside, I personally think this was Kit Harrington's best scene to date. Up till now I've felt his performances, while good, lacked a certain amount of maturity. Though that suited his character in some scenes, I wish he'd dropped the angry little boy act in Season 2. This scene gave me huge hope for his portrayal of Jon this season, I thought his sentiments about the purpose of the Nights Watch in defending the realms of men from the Others were delivered with a real gravity that has been lacking up till now.
2203	Titan	2013-04-03	It was an excellent change... Especially for a TV audience.I have a feeling that if people get to hear Jon being emo and whining about being a bastard one more time, things would be thrown at the TV. Especially considering how clear the book and show made it that Jon had a VERY CUSHY upbringing compared to most men at the wall.Yeah, it would have been nice to hear Mance's story about being a bard, and seeing him before at Winterfell - but that has nothing to do with Jon's claimed reason that he wants to join the wildlings. I'm not sure why people think one change causes the other. We might still hear about Mance's exploits later.
2204	Set_Gecko	2013-04-03	One thing that irked me, during his explanation of his reasoning forjoining the wildlings, Jon says "but when I told lord commander, he already knew". Earlier he said that he went beyond the Wall for seasoning with Qhorin Halfhand. He encounters this Craster during that seasoning. And how do you imagine Jon telling commander about what he saw? Sure, theoretically, Jon could have gone (with Qhorin) back to Castle Black (from Craster's keep, which is a couple of days) to tell this to Commander, but would Qhorin suffer such a deviation during a seasoning? I mean, how plausible is that? The bastard boy is lying through his teeth
2205	StannisEndGame	2013-04-03	I thought the reason in the show was better than the books, it felt like Mance was more intelligebt in the show too cut more to the point rather than blabbering about giving Jon clues about how to convince him. Now Jon gave Mance the impression that the Nights Watch was fighting the wildlings rather than the white walkers and that he was not Ok with that instead of that bastard story
2206	tommyboi	2013-04-03	I got the feeling that when jon told mance "he wants to fight for the living" was as a sort of "the watch fights white walkers.... There not fighting them.... They lied to me.... Why have a watch to stop WW if u ignore them!" it also helps mance calling him a "hero" kinda way. It also helps arc towards ADWD jon storyline.
2207	DrRobotnik	2013-04-03	The book version makes more sense. Mance changed cloak for some abstract reason that has to do with his "inner-psyche". It's easy to conceive (and there's a lot of truth to it) that Jon has some kind of complex over his being a bastard, and Mance would sympathize.However, that's probably too deep for the general audience, so I'm pleased they made that change.
2208	Abaddon	2013-04-03	It was an excellent change... Especially for a TV audience.I have a feeling that if people get to hear Jon being emo and whining about being a bastard one more time, things would be thrown at the TV. Especially considering how clear the book and show made it that Jon had a VERY CUSHY upbringing compared to most men at the wall.Yeah, it would have been nice to hear Mance's story about being a bard, and seeing him before at Winterfell - but that has nothing to do with Jon's claimed reason that he wants to join the wildlings. I'm not sure why people think one change causes the other. We might still hear about Mance's exploits later.Totally agree.  Let's also not forget that the Jon of the books was a 14 year old boy.  Show Jon Snow is much older ("17" but played by a 25-year old) and frankly all of the "bastard" whining coming from someone that old would have been really unconvincing at best and eye-stabbingly stupid at worst.  He's had time to work through that and any more at this point would be too much.I think the book explanation was good for the book and the book Snow, but I like the change in the books.  It also builds on the previous change they made at Crastor's.  I'm not a big fan of that change, but since they made it, I like that they are building on it and doing a good job of that.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 03 April 2013 - 09:46 AM.
2209	Pixi Penrose	2013-04-03	Yes totally agree that the whining would seem, well whiny coming from the man Jon Snow, not hte boy Jon of the books. I really liked the scene and the changed reason for turning cloak. Made me cheer Jon on for the first time in the show,thinking that he'd actually grown a pair!
I think Tormund was awesome, really the perfect look and physique...very cloe to how I saw him in my mind.
As for Mance, it was kinda the point, that he wasn't this aweinspiring king-type,more like a man who can chose to fade into the background when he wants to, and be a badass when he wants to. I'msure we'll get more "bad-ass-Mance". I thought the way he talked about Qorin Halfhand: "He was my enemy, so I'm glad he's dead...But he was also my brother." really kind of set the mood for Mance's relationship with the NW. He fights them, but he respects themstill in some way. Really hope we get the red-cloak-story,it is quite beautiful.
					
					
							Edited by Pixi Penrose, 03 April 2013 - 10:40 AM.
2210	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	My point isn't the potential intentions of the white walkers, but that Jon has no idea what are Mance's intentions.On what basis does he makes the decision that Mance fights for the living? What has Mance done at this point to show that he fights for the living besides gathering an army to try and storm the very barrier meant to keep the WW at bay?Jon has no solid evidence to reach this kind of conclusion because he doesn't know Mance beyond the fact that he's a turncloak who's heading south. What circumstantial evidence does Jon posses that shows he knows what fighting alongside the wildings means fighting for the living?And like I said earlier, Mance has absolutely no plans to fight dead men and white walkers (not that Jon knows this) He is taking his battle against the men of the NW and not the WW themselves.The point is that the NW is not what it claims to be in Jon's eyes and while he has no idea what Mance is up to exactly, he safely assumes he isn't sacrificing babies to their enemies and is protecting his people by heading south. The only way to escape them is to break through the wall.Jon is merely offering his allegiance to the side that he would "prefer" to fight for. It's a risk he takes, but using the reasoning of being a bastard is actually more risky since Mance knows the NW doesn't care about bastards or trueborns anymore than wildlings do. He has to hate the NW to want to desert and sounds convincing, and I think his point about how his LC is sort of shady in his principles accomplishes that.
2211	Stark in Winterfell	2013-04-03	The showrunners did the best they could with Jon's reasoning for joining Mance.  In the books, we are privy to so much more information than they have time to reveal in the 10 hours of a season.  They obviously want to impart the cataclysmic danger of an Other-led invasion of Westeros, so must tweek some of the story to let non-readers know the gravity of the situation (thus, Jon's disgust at the NW's allowing Craster to continue with his fell deeds becoming his reason, rather than his bastardry; if the NW doesn't stop Craster from empowering the White Walkers with the supple flesh of infants, then they are somewhat complicit).  There simply wasn't enough time for Mance to regale Jon with the tale of his time in Winterfell, nor to remind us of Jon's anger at not being a part of the family during the feast in one of the first episodes.
Sure, it could have been handled better, but there is a whole lot of tale they're trying to condense into ten easily understood hours.  I'd say most of the viewing public has neither the wit nor the desire to understand the complexities of ASOIAF, so as Thoreu said, they must simplify, simplify, simplify
2212	Tyrion4President	2013-04-04	I thought this was a better reason than the one in the book.  The book reason was pretty weak.  And, I don't really see the importance of the Mance Winterfell back story that much, I care more than the personality of Mance seems to be completely different from the one in the books.The book version is supposed to be weak. Mance is not supposed to fully trust that answer and that is why he keeps telling jon that he needs to do the sideways monster mash with ygritte. that will solidify him foresaking his vows.
2213	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1200Warning: include() [function.include]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/classes/class_localization.php on line 835Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162Warning: require_once() [function.require-once]: Unable to allocate memory for pool. in /home/sites/westeros.org/forum_web/ironthrone/sources/base/core.php on line 1162The reasoning would have possily been sound had he actually said what you posted.He DID say it.  He explained all of that leading up to that line.As I said in the thread complaining about Ghost, I personally thought "I want to fight for the side that fights for the living" to be very stirring and the most memorable line from the episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Duke of J-Town, 04 April 2013 - 08:55 PM.
2214	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	Besides, the whole "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye to our true enemy when it serves their purpose." could easily read "I want to fight for the side that doesn't turn a blind eye when a wilding gives his kids to the white walkers so am going to join an even greater group of wildings because they fight for the living"Jon's reasoning ignores the evidence that it was a wilding and not the NW the one that sacrifice the kid. So Jon is turning against the NW for ignoring the situation but comes to the conclusion that the party who made the actual sacrifice is the one that fights for the living. And I thought he couldn't get dumber than in season 2. I guess I was prove wrong.Well no, because Craster was clearly not on Mance Rayder's side.  He didn't give a shit about the other wildlings because he was aiding and abetting the night's watch.  He only cares about himself and his "wives," which Jon and Mance are both fully aware of.
2215	Khal Porno	2013-04-04	Craster is a wilding and Jon has not much of an idea of what the rest are really like (besides Ygritte who played him like a fool and the rest who murdered his brothers). If a Watch-friendly wilding gives his kids to the others, then what's there to say that the other wildings are not going to be even worse? If we have one wilding giving his kids to the Others and the Old Bear telling him that wildings serve crueler Gods than the rest and with no evidence to the contrary how is Jon to assume that the other wildings are all super cool dudes who fight for the living?My point isn't the potential intentions of the white walkers, but that Jon has no idea what are Mance's intentions.On what basis does he makes the decision that Mance fights for the living? What has Mance done at this point to show that he fights for the living besides gathering an army to try and storm the very barrier meant to keep the WW at bay?Jon has no solid evidence to reach this kind of conclusion because he doesn't know Mance beyond the fact that he's a turncloak who's heading south. What circumstantial evidence does Jon posses that shows he knows what fighting alongside the wildings means fighting for the living?And like I said earlier, Mance has absolutely no plans to fight dead men and white walkers (not that Jon knows this) He is taking his battle against the men of the NW and not the WW themselves."Have I come to the right place?"Also, you're forgetting that Jon doesn't actually BELIEVE what he's saying.  He still believes the Wildlings are the enemy, and the Night's Watch are the good guys.  He's making up a story to convince Mance that he wants to be on his side, and of course he's not going to say "but you know I don't really think you DO fight for the living because Craster is a wildling so that must mean all wildlings are total dicks."Saying he believes Mance is a good guy is playing to his vanity.  But he doesn't ACTUALLY believe it. Not at this point, anyway.
2216	Eponine	2013-04-04	The best thing about the show is Jon finally shutting up about being a bastard. Seriously though, in the show, it's clear that the writers have decided it's a priority to keep the threat of the Others in the viewers' memories, and they already made past changes toward that goal. Honestly, when I read the books, long periods of time passed where I virtually forgot the Others, or at least they were much less interesting to me than the stuff happening in King's Landing. Bringing it up again as a plot point makes more sense than trying to stuff all the POV whinging into a long conversation.
2217	morky	2013-04-04	I didn't like the TV version because it made reference to a deviation from season 2 that I personally hated. I wanted to forget it was there: that Lord Commander knew about Craster giving up his sons to the Others and yet did nothing. It makes NO sense. At the end of season one he proclaims that they are going on this large ranging to find Benjen and learn more about the undead enemies. So if the whole point is to search for the Others, then why would he not care when there is one under his nose. Also, why would Mance believe what Jon is saying. He used to be at the NW. He knows the vows. They are supposed to protect the 7 kingdoms from the Others not only from the wildlings. 
More on the Old Bear... In the show, they continuously show him in a bad light. The Others incident, making fun of Jon before he leaves with the Halfhand. At this rate, people aren't going to care when he gets killed.
2218	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	I didn't like the TV version because it made reference to a deviation from season 2 that I personally hated. I wanted to forget it was there: that Lord Commander knew about Craster giving up his sons to the Others and yet did nothing. It makes NO sense. At the end of season one he proclaims that they are going on this large ranging to find Benjen and learn more about the undead enemies. So if the whole point is to search for the Others, then why would he not care when there is one under his nose. Also, why would Mance believe what Jon is saying. He used to be at the NW. He knows the vows. They are supposed to protect the 7 kingdoms from the Others not only from the wildlings. 1. Craster gave them a roof and food. The LC wouldn't put him up for questioning about the Others since they need his hospitality. What will he even tell them that's of much use? Jeor is aware that they'll need to tolerate Craster and continue their ranging once they leave.2. Mance being in the NW means he's fully aware that the leaders often overlook things when it serves their purpose. This is exactly why he'd believe Jon. And by the way we don't even know the extent to which he believes him, similarly in the books when he chastises Jon for lying and insists on him being watched and laying with Ygritte.3. They are not showing Jeor in a bad light. That's just your perception. He is like a father to Jon in some regards. He gives Jon his family heirloom Valyrian steal sword. He separates Thorne and Jon for both of their sakes. He is very courteous toward Tyrion, and has a dry sense of humor. Honestly I have no idea what you're talking about, he's the perfect Jeor Mormont.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 04 April 2013 - 10:42 PM.
2219	victim	2013-04-04	To be honest, I just love the way Kit pronounces "Seasoning." It made me so hungry.
2220	chewietobbacca	2013-04-05	I'm actually fine with the deviation -- in fact, I think it fits a TV audience much better.
In the books, we are in his head and see his whole issue with being a bastard through his POV. In the TV series, we think Jon is just whiny and naive. This in turn probably ties in better with the DWD Jon as well
As far as Mance's story goes... we'll probably see a lot more of him in the TV series so he'll have plenty of time to tell his story
2221	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	I agree with the OP. I usually don't like when D&D try to improve on GRRM and it sometimes gets anoying, but this WAS trully a better, more legitimate reason.
2222	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	I didn't like the TV version because it made reference to a deviation from season 2 that I personally hated. I wanted to forget it was there: that Lord Commander knew about Craster giving up his sons to the Others and yet did nothing. It makes NO sense. At the end of season one he proclaims that they are going on this large ranging to find Benjen and learn more about the undead enemies. So if the whole point is to search for the Others, then why would he not care when there is one under his nose. Also, why would Mance believe what Jon is saying. He used to be at the NW. He knows the vows. They are supposed to protect the 7 kingdoms from the Others not only from the wildlings.More on the Old Bear... In the show, they continuously show him in a bad light. The Others incident, making fun of Jon before he leaves with the Halfhand. At this rate, people aren't going to care when he gets killed.Jeor knows about Craster giving up his sons in the book as well. They don't know for sure what takes them but given what they've already seen he's sure to at least suspect that the Others is one of the possibilities. Yet he does nothing in the book either, despite that they are out to find answers. The show doesn't deviate from the book nearly as much as you try to make it out to do.
2223	sprytel	2013-04-05	The book version emphasized the importance of Mance as a leader of the "Free Folk".  That whole scene had a very different feel in the book... there is more of a sense of anarchy and informalness that at first seems completely foreign to Jon, but that he ultimately comes to find really seductive.  There should be a tug between duty and happiness... and "am I still just pretending to be one of them?"
On the show, I thought the Wildlings seemed way too intense and serious.  I desperately wanted Tormund to brag about his cock.  "Har!"
2224	Clariana	2013-04-05	This so much!The explanation wasn't all that terrible but I still don't think it makes much sense. How does Jon even know that a turncloak traitor (and this is all that Mance is at this point of the story) fights for the living as opposed to the NW who...what? are in league with the Others?At least they didn't go with the "I want to be free line" which would have been worse.I was thinking about this and I concluded that Jon drew some inspiration from walking through the camp and being pelted with stones by the kids... Ygritte comments that it's because he's wearing the wrong colours and then states that some of those kid's fathers may have been killed by the NW. The inference is that the wildings see the NW as representing repression + death, whereas they stand for freedom + life.When pressed by Mance who cast doubt on his desire to be free, Jon alludes to the second aspect.
2225	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	I thought it was a very convincing reason. Heck, when i first saw the scene where jon tells mormont about the babies and mormont is just like "i know, but we need men like craster!", i wanted Jon to leave the nights watch. honestly if i were in the situation where jon is right now in the TV-Series, i would probably join the wildlings for real. Why would anyone want to serve in the Night Watch when its is led by people like Allistar Thorne, and they let people get away with feeding babies to the Others, i never thought the "we need men like craster" argument held up. they need his keep and his food sure, but they could easily just kill Craster or take him prisoner and leave someone to maintain his keep and turn it into an outpost for the Nights watch.the nights watch is just a little too grim for my Taste. I know its meant to be a pretty harsh service and a life commitment, but all the leaders in the organization are just so cold, depressing and mean. Thorne is an asshole, Mormont is honorable and just most of the time but he is not that cheerful, and the Halfhand seemed totaly disillusioned and apathetic too. In every jon episode/chapter, we are reminded by thorne/halfhand/mormont that the members of the night watch will never recieve any honor or rewards, that they will die in pain, that no one in the south cares about the fact that they are giving their life for them, that they are likely to die outside the wall, etc. they keep reminding us about how hopeless everything is, wich honestly gets tiring.It seems like the Night Watch is activley trying to break the morale and spirit of their members, wich is completley retarded considering their purpose. 
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 05 April 2013 - 05:32 PM.
2226	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-05	I vote for show over book on this one.
"Wahhh, I didn't get a good seat at my Daddy's fancy dinner party, wahhhhhhh"
2227	LordStoneheart	2013-04-06	Actually, maybe I now like the TV version less just because he says "the living." 
I wish the show would differentiate the Wights and the Others more. Puddles is not a Zombie.
2228	freetickles	2013-04-01	Don't think this involves book spoilers. I was confused by Robb sending Catelyn to a cell at Harrenhall upon finding the carnage there. What was the purpose of that --- is the logic that releasing Jaime somehow lead to the Mountain executing all those northerners? Why would he punish her now, and not back in the field when she freed Jaime? I realize he had guards on her at camp, but he could have had her in a cage. Throwing her in a dungeon seems to be ratcheting that up.
2229	Ran	2013-04-01	He's keeping her imprisoned because she's committed a crime. He's basically keeping her quartered under guard as a prisoner.
2230	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-01	Yeah, I didn't like how the jump was made in the conversation from Gregor Clegane to the Kingslayer. Jaime Lannister obviously wasn't responsible for the deaths at Harrenhal.
	Spoiler Personally, I think they just wanted to foreshadow the traiterous scum that Roose will become when he hands Jaime Lannister back to Tywin. His first direct act of treachery prior to RW

But yes, with regards to Catelyn, he's punishing her for her earlier crime, as Ran said.
					
					
							Edited by steiner, 01 April 2013 - 09:02 PM.
2231	Delmas	2013-04-02	The show is doing a bad job imo at building rob up.  I am actually starting to like Roose more than Rob.
2232	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-02	Robb arriving at Harrenhal in the beginning of the new season is a fairly clever way of re-introducing Roose Bolton and Rickard Karstark. TV viewers are probably not well aware of who they are.
Robb is going to leave Harrenhal and head for the Riverlands (from which I think he will plan an attack on Casterly Rock or surrounding lands). He will leave Bolton in charge and leave him a maester, Qyburn. From then on, it'll be a lot like it is in the books.
Putting Bolton in Harrenhal in a new, fresh season adds more build up, clarity and less refreshing the memory for TV viewers.
And like I said. they're doing the same thing with Rickard Karstark as he is shown along Bolton in the first episode. The promo of episode 2 shows another interaction between Robb and Rickard, maybe on the road to Riverrun? Maybe the title "dark wings, dark words" refers to 
	Spoiler the death of Hoster Tully

					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 02 April 2013 - 01:46 AM.
2233	Qhorin Fivehands	2013-04-02	Yeah basically what everyones saying, they just want to establish Roose Bolton since he plays a bigger part in this season, if they jumped from Robb on campaign to Roose at Harrenhall non-book readers would be like the fuck
2234	Loras	2013-04-02	I thought that it was pretty clear from the episode that the reason Robb sent Cat to a cell in Harrenhal is to appease his men.  He looks up at all of his Northern soldiers just before he sends her away.
Maybe I just misinterpreted that scene entirely.
2235	TheEvilKing	2013-04-02	I think that the Mountain executed all his prisoners when he heard that Robb no longer holds Jaime, so there's no fear of a reprisal. That's why attention suddenly shifts to Cat, and why he makes a show of finding her a cell.
They could have explained it better. I feel like part of that sequence was cut.
2236	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	I thought that it was pretty clear from the episode that the reason Robb sent Cat to a cell in Harrenhal is to appease his men.  He looks up at all of his Northern soldiers just before he sends her away.Maybe I just misinterpreted that scene entirely.I think you interpret it perfectly. I find it to be pretty obvious that the big problem with Catelyn releasing Jaime is that it causes division within Robb's ranks and he needs to do what he can to appease his men, while at the same time of course not wanting to treat his mother too badly.The show is doing a bad job imo at building rob up.  I am actually starting to like Roose more than Rob.
	Spoiler You're saying that as if liking Roose is a bad thing. The more the viewers like Roose, the more effective his betrayal is.
2237	SerMixalot	2013-04-02	my dislike of what D&D have done to Robb's characteris well documented and this opening sequence for his storyline while confusing in someways certainly establishes where they are going with the season.
1. sets up Bolton at Harrenhall
2. Reminds views of Karstarks anger
3. Meeting Qyburn
4. Informs viewers hunters are seeking Jaimie
5. Reestablishes the relationship between Cat and his mother-which is one of the basic problems I have with the show robb, I think the northmen would be more angry with Robb over losing several thousand Frey soldiers than the release of the Kingslayer (Karstark excluded)
6. Reminds viewers that the Tullys are supporting Robb and paying a price
I can forgive the plot hole I suppose given it sets up where D&D are driving this season's arc.
2238	Hellfell	2013-04-02	There is a difference between a chamber that serves as a cell and a dungeon. Robb sends Cat in the former.
2239	kevin1989	2013-04-02	The show is doing a bad job imo at building rob up.  I am actually starting to like Roose more than Rob.than the show does something right imo. I think I need to explain myself. Yes as a person a like Robb better, wouldn't want Roose in my friendlist. But as a character I always found Roose in the books intriguing and Robb not so. Yes I liked Cat, but Robb was never there, and when he was in the books, he always did something stupid imo.But maybe they wanted us too like Roose. stated above why.
2240	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	More explanation as to who the northmen were would have been well received.  The scene just seemed out of the blue robb goes from all the way east to all the way west, now back to the Riverlands?  
Robb showed up in force to siege a castle and there's not a living soul there?  Wtf?  I guess the Blackfish really sucks at scouting in the show.
It seems like too many people give D&D a pass just because they can comprehend where each of these scenes will lead.  Im much more interested in a credible buildup and consistent storyline.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 02 April 2013 - 07:52 AM.
2241	Mother of Mini Dragons	2013-04-02	Those scenes made more sense on the re-watch.  I did get a chill though when the maester said his name was Qyburn.  I still don't think the show has done a great job establishing who Roose is for non-book readers.  I hope they develop that a little better for reasons the readers know without getting into spoilers.
2242	Shadow on the Wall	2013-04-02	In summary: it was a right plot decision weakly executed. All it really needed were some clear lines explaining what was going on and it would have been reasonable. As it was, it remained a bit vague and so easily forgotten.
2243	Conchobar	2013-04-02	Yeah Talisa is basically Yoko Ono.
2244	kevin1989	2013-04-02	More explanation as to who the northmen were would have been well received.  The scene just seemed out of the blue robb goes from all the way east to all the way west, now back to the Riverlands?  Robb showed up in force to siege a castle and there's not a living soul there?  Wtf?  I guess the Blackfish really sucks at scouting in the show.It seems like too many people give D&D a pass just because they can comprehend where each of these scenes will lead.  Im much more interested in a credible buildup and consistent storyline.The blackfish isn't in the show yet. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Wasn't it better if this scene was in episode 2 instead of 1? And that one had one more Jon scene?
2245	Loras	2013-04-02	In summary: it was a right plot decision weakly executed. All it really needed were some clear lines explaining what was going on and it would have been reasonable. As it was, it remained a bit vague and so easily forgotten.It was totally worth it for that golden moment between Bolton and Karstark.Also... off topic... why is Talisa's sigil in the credits two lions circling each other?
2246	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	The blackfish isn't in the show yet. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Wasn't it better if this scene was in episode 2 instead of 1? And that one had one more Jon scene?The scene needs a do-over.  Have Roose take a light garrissoned HH by guile or force.  Explain wHY the Mountain left in their conversation.  Have Roose discover the castle is empty on a scouting mission.
2247	freetickles	2013-04-02	I think that the Mountain executed all his prisoners when he heard that Robb no longer holds Jaime, so there's no fear of a reprisal. That's why attention suddenly shifts to Cat, and why he makes a show of finding her a cell.They could have explained it better. I feel like part of that sequence was cut.Okay, this makes sense to me. They didn't say that, though, and if I as a book reader didn't get it I'm sure any non-book reader who isn't real clear on who the Mountain even is understood what was going on.
2248	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Okay, this makes sense to me. They didn't say that, though, and if I as a book reader didn't get it I'm sure any non-book reader who isn't real clear on who the Mountain even is understood what was going on.And why did he leave?
2249	jmk51	2013-04-02	I didn't really get it either - I had just watched the prior episode when Tywin put the Mountain in charge.  Perhaps Qyburn fills in the details?  Or maybe it was the continuation of showing how awful Harranhall is when someone like Tywin isn't around?
More than likely just a throwaway plot device to get Bolton and Qyburn to Harranhall.
2250	freetickles	2013-04-02	And like I said. they're doing the same thing with Rickard Karstark as he is shown along Bolton in the first episode. The promo of episode 2 shows another interaction between Robb and Rickard, maybe on the road to Riverrun? Maybe the title "dark wings, dark words" refers to 
	Spoiler the death of Hoster Tully
I think that's right, and also am hoping it means Robb and Catt will hear about the supposed deaths of Bran and Rickon.
2251	a white raven	2013-04-02	Throwing her in a dungeon seems to be ratcheting that up.He didn't throw her in a dungeon, he said something to the effect of "find her a room that will serve as a cell" . She will be under gueard just as she was in the field
2252	Winterz	2013-04-02	Robb saw the slaughter and then the disgust on his men's faces after seeing their brothers slaughtered like that. They obviously wanted to revenge them with Lannister blood and Catelyn was responsible for preventing one of such revenges so it would make a bad example that Cat, considering what she did, could just walk around while the Lannisters, somewhat bannermen to the man she let escape, were killing their brothers.
					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 02 April 2013 - 10:17 AM.
2253	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	And why did he leave?There are several easy explanations to choose from. You asked for a scene with a lightly garrisoned Harenhal being taken, which readily gives a simple solution of that the Mountain realized that he couldn't hold Harrenhal with so few men and therefor left to utilize the mobility of a smaller force.Why would the show need to tell us every little detail and not expect us to be able to think for ourselves?
2254	Fengari	2013-04-02	That Robb tells the men to find his mother a chamber that will serve as a cell is no change from before. In the camp he kept her under guard in a comfortable tent, this is the castle version of that: he wants her comfortable but a 'prisoner', probably as much for her own good as to appease his men. That he tells them at that moment (right after she is clearly emotional at seeing one of her father's bannermen slain) also shows her he is still mad at her himself.
The big question of this scene is more why Harrenhall has been abandoned. As always, I'm not judging yet, as there is still a possibility this could be explained next week, through Qyburn.
My guess is Tywin somehow learned of Jaimie's 'escape', which eliminates his need to keep the northern prisoners alive, and he has decided to relieve the Mountain from his prisonguard duties and return him to what he does best, terrorising the land. Which leaves the question, how did Tywin learn that, as I highly doubt that Robb would have sent him a raven saying "Oh yeah, by the way, I lost your son, I guess he'll come running back to you now". On the other hand, it would only be logical for Tywin to have placed some spies in Robb's camp (and of course us bookreaders have a very likely suspect already). I do hope the show will give us an explanation, as things are quite unclear at the moment, especially for non-book-readers.
I do agree the writers did a good job in this sequence of re-establishing both Roose and Karstark, and the dead Tully-bannerman is a good setup for Robb going to the aid of Riverrun. ("Yes mum, I'm being harsh on you but I did notice your sentiment and I'm acting on it. I still love you even though I'm mad at you.").
2255	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	There are several easy explanations to choose from. You asked for a scene with a lightly garrisoned Harenhal being taken, which readily gives a simple solution of that the Mountain realized that he couldn't hold Harrenhal with so few men and therefor left to utilize the mobility of a smaller force.Why would the show need to tell us every little detail and not expect us to be able to think for ourselves?I presented about 4 options that could have made more sense.  When i see this and think for myself, I think horrible scene that isnt well thought out as a device to get Roose to HH.  You know, as opposed to Robb taking his entire army to besiege an abandoned yet very strategic castle.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 02 April 2013 - 03:34 PM.
2256	Dragon Doll	2013-04-02	i felt that putting Rob and Cat at Harenhall right after (or what felt like right after) Arya left was a little silly. It makes it feel like they just missed eachother, when in book/reality they didnt come anywhere near eachother. well, not at Harenhall.
the whole scene felt questionable.
2257	teemo	2013-04-02	it was a strange scene...like it didn't quite fit into the show..confused a lot of viewers.
2258	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-02	I think that the Mountain executed all his prisoners when he heard that Robb no longer holds Jaime, so there's no fear of a reprisal. That's why attention suddenly shifts to Cat, and why he makes a show of finding her a cell.They could have explained it better. I feel like part of that sequence was cut.This makes so much sense! Although he likely did it on Tywin's orders. I've been wondering since Sunday why the hell so many of Robb's men were dead inside the castle as I didn't recall a scene like that at all from the book.
2259	Inquisitor Glokta	2013-04-03	What i don't get is, why Cat is imprisoned at HH now. How is this supposed to work out? Oo
2260	BananaSpice	2013-04-03	i felt that putting Rob and Cat at Harenhall right after (or what felt like right after) Arya left was a little silly. It makes it feel like they just missed eachother, when in book/reality they didnt come anywhere near eachother. well, not at Harenhall.the whole scene felt questionable.The fact that Arya and her mom just missed each other was one of the few things I actually liked about the change /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2261	Nezzer	2013-04-03	At first I was bothered about how harsh Robb was to his mother and how out of character that was, but then I rewatched the scene several times on YouTube and noticed he looked at his men for a long time before sending Cat to her quarters. He sees that Jaime's release ruined the morale of his army, and by punishing his mother he thinks that could boost their morale as he would be doing his best to remedy the situation. I started to like that change.
2262	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-03	What i don't get is, why Cat is imprisoned at HH now. How is this supposed to work out? OoShe's being held while they're there. Most likely she will join them when they leave for Riverrun. It would be terrible if they go to the Twins without her.
2263	Arale	2013-04-03	The show is doing a bad job imo at building rob up.  I am actually starting to like Roose more than Rob.I feel exactly the same way about it. So do the 3 people I usually watch the show with (all non-book readers). After Roose's line about having sent some of his men after the Kingslayer, they remarked  that he probably distrusts Robb because Robb is reckless, selfish and not smart. And they expect Roose to be the one "with balls", who makes up for his king's (and his mother's) stupid mistakes/questionable choices. I was staring at them speechless, didn't know how to respond to that, knowing what's to come..... :-(
2264	Damar	2013-04-03	5. Reestablishes the relationship between Cat and his mother-which is one of the basic problems I have with the show robb, I think the northmen would be more angry with Robb over losing several thousand Frey soldiers than the release of the Kingslayer (Karstark excluded)Having the Kingslayer as their hostage is far more vital to the war effort than having a few thousand men from a Lord who nobody trusts nor likes, and worse, hand him over to the Lannisters in the insane deranged hope that somehow it will have them release the girls, who at this point are the only reason why Robb is still fighting rather than an actual cause, while their homes and lands are being attacked by the Ironborn because Robb thought it was a smart idea to release their Greyjoy hostage who than attacked Winterfell and burned the only two other Stark heirs..
2265	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	Yeah, I didn't like how the jump was made in the conversation from Gregor Clegane to the Kingslayer. Jaime Lannister obviously wasn't responsible for the deaths at Harrenhal.
	Spoiler Personally, I think they just wanted to foreshadow the traiterous scum that Roose will become when he hands Jaime Lannister back to Tywin. His first direct act of treachery prior to RW
But yes, with regards to Catelyn, he's punishing her for her earlier crime, as Ran said.I agree. But it's a minor thing.
2266	David Selig	2013-04-05	Can anyone explain why Rickard Karstark wasn't arrested or punished in any way? After all he tried to get Jaime killed against Robb's command. Seems like Robb still has no clue about this, which makes no sense given that IIRC the whole camp was aware what Rickard tried to do.
2267	Kittykatknits	2013-04-05	I thought that it was pretty clear from the episode that the reason Robb sent Cat to a cell in Harrenhal is to appease his men.  He looks up at all of his Northern soldiers just before he sends her away.Maybe I just misinterpreted that scene entirely.That was my understanding as well, doesn't mean I like it any better.Can anyone explain why Rickard Karstark wasn't arrested or punished in any way? After all he tried to get Jaime killed against Robb's command. Seems like Robb still has no clue about this, which makes no sense given that IIRC the whole camp was aware what Rickard tried to do.Yes, this!! I was coming on here to ask the exact same question. Why is it that killing Jaime would have been acceptable yet releasing him was wrong? And, if Jaime's release is what led to the death of all the Northman, what would have happened if word got out that the Starks had him killed? I'm pretty certain all those men would not have just been freed and sent on their merry way. For some reason, the role Karstark played in setting everything in motion is overlooked while this is all Cat's fault.The only thing this scene did for me is make me dislike Robb even more.
2268	Damar	2013-04-05	Can anyone explain why Rickard Karstark wasn't arrested or punished in any way? After all he tried to get Jaime killed against Robb's command. Seems like Robb still has no clue about this, which makes no sense given that IIRC the whole camp was aware what Rickard tried to do.Because everyone agreed with him, and it didn't happen. And killing Jaime would've at least sent a message to his father and hurt the Lannisters the way them killing Ned did.
2269	brighidg	2013-04-06	Robb is coming off as a bit of jerk as this is the point where he lost them the Freys by marrying because YOLO! However, the show has yet to mention the departure of the Freys so...
2270	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-01	I was confused, and I don't think I'm the only one. If those corpses were all prisoners, why were they strewn about as if a battle had happened?
2271	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	The mountain probably let them free and then butchered them.
2272	Nudu	2013-04-01	500 hundred northmen died they said. What the fuck are northmen doing there?
2273	Frey Pie	2013-04-01	200 i thought they said. Id assume the Mountain caught, killed them, and then laid them out so nicely for Robb, before he retreated. It seems like theyre making Robb look for a conclusive battle but be unable to find it, and hence retire to Riverrun
2274	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	500 hundred northmen died they said. What the fuck are northmen doing there?Good question, they might including Riverlanders as northman in order to make it easier to follow and link the connection back to Robb/The King in the North/The King Who Lost the North...
2275	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	I also thought this was a good way to get Bolton into Harrenhal for later in the season.
2276	Crown	2013-04-01	I also thought this was a good way to get Bolton into Harrenhal for later in the season.I agree, though I'm afraid we won't see him again until Jaime reaches Harrenhal.
2277	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	I agree, though I'm afraid we won't see him again until Jaime reaches Harrenhal.Maybe we will get the Theon news through Bolton???
2278	Crown	2013-04-01	Maybe we will get the Theon news through Bolton???When? Before Robb departs for Riverrun or when Roose goes to the Twins? I think the latter, since they're keeping the Ramsay thing a secret first.
2279	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	When? Before Robb departs for Riverrun or when Roose goes to the Twins? I think the latter, since they're keeping the Ramsay thing a secret first.Not sure, we might not get much about Theon, it might just be a season ending reveal.
2280	TheSmalljon	2013-04-01	The 200 northen prisoners were probably from the Green fork. What is everyone's take on Jeromy(Jason?) Mallister being found dead there ?
2281	Reposado	2013-04-01	The 200 northen prisoners were probably from the Green fork. What is everyone's take on Jeromy(Jason?) Mallister being found dead there ?they just wanted a name that they could put on one of the dead so they used a (last)name of a character the show never intends to use. and if for some reason they do, well jason mallister, jeremys younger brother in the show, can always show up
2282	Nezzer	2013-04-01	they just wanted a name that they could put on one of the dead so they used a (last)name of a character the show never intends to use. and if for some reason they do, well jason mallister, jeremys younger brother in the show, can always show upSer Jaremy Mallister is never mentioned in the books, but he could have existed anyway. He was probably an uncle or a cousin of Jason Mallister's, since his title was "Ser" and not "Lord". He must have been a member of Lord Hoster's household. Is the term "bannerman" used only for the heads of the vassal families or also for all the members of those families?
2283	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I thought it was really strange since there weren't any Northern prisoners when Arya was there and no weasle soup.  Are the Brave Companions supposed to have done this?  I don't get the point of this.  They could have just easly just had Roose show up and take over Harrenhall without inexplicable dead Northern soldiers, and what is Quyborn doing with them?  Weird.
2284	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-01	200 i thought they said. Id assume the Mountain caught, killed them, and then laid them out so nicely for Robb, before he retreated. It seems like theyre making Robb look for a conclusive battle but be unable to find it, and hence retire to RiverrunI guess that's the only explanation. But I figured Gregor would have hung them up or impaled them or something
	Spoiler Also, it's funny that the one guy who survived the slaughter was an evil mad scientist /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2285	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-01	I thought it was really strange since there weren't any Northern prisoners when Arya was there ....The dungeons were all full.
2286	insertname	2013-04-01	Clegane fled before Robb could engage him and killed the prisoners he had. Why the confusion? Didn't bother me too much tbh. They were just prisoners there and were slaughtered. Bit sad that they dropped the weasel soup, but oh well.
	Spoiler 
My guess with the story is that Robb will leave Bolton and Qyburn at Harrenhall, Bolton's hunter will catch Jaime and they'll cut of the hand, Qyburn treats it here.

					
					
							Edited by insertname, 01 April 2013 - 02:42 PM.
2287	Frey Pie	2013-04-01	I guess that's the only explanation. But I figured Gregor would have hung them up or impaled them or something
	Spoiler Also, it's funny that the one guy who survived the slaughter was an evil mad scientist /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  
Yup nice neat lil way to get him in there though!
2288	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	Is the term "bannerman" used only for the heads of the vassal families or also for all the members of those families? I think even armies, and thus regular soldiers are referred to as bannermen.
2289	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	I love the nod to us book readers wether it was intentional or not where Robb says to Qyburn "Your lucky to be alive" and he looks around at all the corpses and says "Lucky?". 
	Spoiler A certain person won't think himself lucky next season when he's still alive and Qyburn has to take care of him.
2290	The Monkey	2013-04-01	Confusing scene, that could have been very easily amended by just having Robb say "there are hundreds of northern prisoners inside the castle, if we charge the walls they might be put to the sword" to Roose before attacking.
2291	ServantOnIce	2013-04-01	Seems like Ser Gregor went Ser Gregor and killled the Northern and Riverland Prisonsers they had in their custody.  Qyburn, "survived."   Good to see his introduction.
2292	StannisandDaeny	2013-04-01	I wonder if they'll make Qyburn as horrible as he is in the books. I certainly hope so, 'cos he's the creepiest guy in the series imo...
2293	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-01	There's a war going on. People get taken as prisoners in war. Harrenhal was the center base of operation for the Lannisters for a while but they have since then left.
I think the conclusions pretty much draw themselves from that.
2294	Montey14	2013-04-01	well in the book....Roose was taken prisoner there from the battle of the gold fork.....being that there was no "weasel soup" to spring the prisoners they had to have a way for Bolton to get there....I think all the dead were to show the devistation the Lannisters are creating in the riverlands and to plant dissent abmong the northern lords.....to show how Robb loses his grip on his coalition even though he's won every battle.....
2295	Sun	2013-04-01	I found the scene confusing. I couldn't find an explanation for it within the show's narrative as there was no mention of northern prisoners last season, nor could I reconcile it with the book's happening. 
I thought the whole Robb sequence was clumsily done, tbh. But that's nothing new for the show when it comes to Robb & Catelyn. For some reason, the writers just can't seem to get a decent grip on those two or their arc.
2296	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-01	I'm not sure why it's confusing. Robb is clearly pissed off that the Lannisters are evading him, not meeting him or his armies on the field, and instead slaughtering their men (prisoners) and evading confrontation. This is an easy choice for them to make since Tywin is quite confident that he will win the war in another way and doesn't want to needlessly suffer any losses to his own strength.
It also sets up Roose in Harrenhall, his meeting with Qyburn, and the eventual Jaime arc that happens there once Locke captures him.
It actually fits quite nicely even if it is a change.
2297	kevin1989	2013-04-01	Pretty clear, look at the face of Robb. How could they know I was coming.
2298	Ser Alex Tully	2013-04-01	The 200 northen prisoners were probably from the Green fork. What is everyone's take on Jeromy(Jason?) Mallister being found dead there ?had a minor panic attack i thought they were going to kill my favorite book minor character in Jasonand family.Its going to show this season that the Gregor is a monster we hear about it in season 1 and 2 butnever see it but with the brotherhood fighting him its going to show tv viewers that he is mental. So during tyrions trial it will make us side with oberyn more.
2299	shiola	2013-04-01	i was super confused too.  i was rereading all the harrenhal stuff on the wiki, trying to fit this in with all of it...  i don't understand why it was told this way.
2300	chris999	2013-04-01	500 hundred northmen died they said. What the fuck are northmen doing there?Exactly. Bolton left longago, and the castle was in control of Sir Clegane. I guess they were some kind of prisoners, but I dont remember that from the books.
2301	chris999	2013-04-01	I'm not sure why it's confusing. Robb is clearly pissed off that the Lannisters are evading him, not meeting him or his armies on the field, and instead slaughtering their men (prisoners) and evading confrontation. This is an easy choice for them to make since Tywin is quite confident that he will win the war in another way and doesn't want to needlessly suffer any losses to his own strength.It also sets up Roose in Harrenhall, his meeting with Qyburn, and the eventual Jaime arc that happens there once Locke captures him.It actually fits quite nicely even if it is a change.I thought Bolton was at Harrenhal first, the he left it with the sellsowrd company... then I thought that Tywin came to take it back...I must be confused...
2302	Bride of Winter	2013-04-01	I thought Bolton was at Harrenhal first, the he left it with the sellsowrd company... then I thought that Tywin came to take it back...I must be confused...I thought so too, but apparently it's the other way around. Which sort of makes sense because the most recent Harrenhal, scene in the series was when Jaime and Brienne were captured by the brave companions and given to Roose who was presiding over Harrenhal, which is probably what they're trying to set up in the show. (Fingers crossed that a Jaime/Roose meeting will mean we get "Jaime Lannister sends his regards").
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 01 April 2013 - 08:23 PM.
2303	Warden of the North121	2013-04-01	The whole Harrenhal thing was very contrived just to get Roose and Qyburn there for Jaime and Brienne's arrival. If they had just done weasel soup last season it would have worked out much better. This was definitely the lowest point of the episode though. It's getting to the point where Robb and Catelyn need to be put out of their misery lol. However, the rest of the episode was great in my opinion and very true to the books for the most part.
					
					
							Edited by Warden of the North121, 01 April 2013 - 08:23 PM.
2304	MoA«t	2013-04-01	There are 9 more episodes. Perhaps Qyburn tells them all what happened.
2305	callmedodge	2013-04-01	I really don`t see what`s so confusing about this scene. I'm not sure why it's confusing. Robb is clearly pissed off that the Lannisters are evading him, not meeting him or his armies on the field, and instead slaughtering their men (prisoners) and evading confrontation. This is an easy choice for them to make since Tywin is quite confident that he will win the war in another way and doesn't want to needlessly suffer any losses to his own strength.It also sets up Roose in Harrenhall, his meeting with Qyburn, and the eventual Jaime arc that happens there once Locke captures him.It actually fits quite nicely even if it is a change.Exactly. I really don`t understand what was so confusing about that scene. I guess people are still watching the show expecting an exact copy of the books though.
2306	cybobbie	2013-04-01	I'm not sure why it's confusing. Robb is clearly pissed off that the Lannisters are evading him, not meeting him or his armies on the field, and instead slaughtering their men (prisoners) and evading confrontation. This is an easy choice for them to make since Tywin is quite confident that he will win the war in another way and doesn't want to needlessly suffer any losses to his own strength.It also sets up Roose in Harrenhall, his meeting with Qyburn, and the eventual Jaime arc that happens there once Locke captures him.It actually fits quite nicely even if it is a change.Well I was a bit confused, despite the fact that I got that the change was needed to put Roose there, but I like your explanation for the slaughtering of the prisoners.
2307	King Tommen	2013-04-02	I have to say that the only people that are confused are book readers since they don't get that the Harenhal stuff has been altered and this is making them overthink the scene.
In S2, the Lannisters held Harenhal with the Mountain running the show before and after Tywin blew in and out.  When Arya arrived (as a prisoner of Amory Lorch), there were clearly tons of prisoners all over the place which we would assume would have been taken by the Lannister armies in their battles against Robb's armies in the Riverlands.  Now were they "Northmen" technically?  Probably more likely people from the Riverlands but certainly men who had joined up in the battle with the Tully's and Starks.  "Northmen" appears to just be the show's shorthand for "people loyal to Robb".
So Arya leaves at the end of S2, all the other prisoners are still there.  Then, at the start of S3, Robb rides up with his army to take Harenhal from the Mountain, while telling Roose that all of the Lannister armies lately have been ducking him and that he and his men would rather have a real fight soon.  He notices the dead bodies swaying in the galley's on top of the walls of Harrenhal and tells Roose that he doesn't think there's going to be a battle here either.
They then enter Harenhal, seeing that it's deserted by the Mountain and all his men.  They've killed and strung up all the prisoners throughout the courtyard before they left as a present for Robb.  There's old men and women so it's not really soldiers we're talking about, more likely just innocent villagers loyal to the Stark cause who were taken in for information the way Arya and crew were.  To add to the theory that it's probably more Riverlands folk than anyone else, the only dead person identified is a Mallister who Cat says is a bannerman to her father.
I am having a hard time coming up any other way to read the scene and am surprised there are a few here who didn't get this.
2308	Head of The Ned	2013-04-02	Clegane fled before Robb could engage him and killed the prisoners he had. Why the confusion? Didn't bother me too much tbh. They were just prisoners there and were slaughtered. Bit sad that they dropped the weasel soup, but oh well.
	Spoiler My guess with the story is that Robb will leave Bolton and Qyburn at Harrenhall, Bolton's hunter will catch Jaime and they'll cut of the hand, Qyburn treats it here.
Yup. Robb will leave for Riverrun next episode most likely, Bolton needs some screentime as well. Viewers are already familiar with the location from last season too (even though I'm sure a few thought it was Winterfell)
2309	Montey14	2013-04-02	just to clear the confusion....in the book....Bolton and his army are captured at one of the battles and is sent to Harrenhal....Arya ...realizing who it was< devises a plan to spring the prisoners after Tywin and the Mountain leave Harrenhal leaving behind a skeleton crew (mainly sellswods...goat). After Arya frees the norhmen(weasel soup) she finds a way to escape with gendry and Hotpie .....leaving Bolton at Harrenhal.  When Jamie and Brienne are captured by the sellswords....they find Bolton there and the sellswords change allegiance to the North.  After Bolton leaves for the twins and Jamie and Bienne sent back to kings landing with Qyburn.....Clegane comes back and kills all the goats men.....But in the show....being that Bolton was never captured and (weasel soup) soup never happens....they have to find a way to get bolton to Harrenhal,....and them just riding up is the perfect way I guess.....I guess it's a good way to begin to sew dissent toward Robb and and you could see Bolton and Karstark begin to doubt his leadership.....especially after seeing all the dead.
2310	Liathano	2013-04-02	I can't remember what actually happened in the books /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Someone boost my memory?
I know that the Brave Companions turn up at some point, then Jamie is brought with his chopped off hand, and Qyburn heals itâ<U+0080>¦ but timelines and things are out of whack in my memory.
- never mind, found the wiki -
					
					
							Edited by Liathano, 02 April 2013 - 01:32 AM.
2311	King Tommen	2013-04-02	In the books, Harenhal is held in ACoK by Tywin who lets the Mountain and Amory Lorch run the show when he is in battle.  They also employ the Bloody Mummers (led by Vargo Hoat) to go out and do their dirty work.  (BTW, Qyburn is a non-descript member of the Bloody Mummers at this point). When Arya is captured by the Mountain, she is brought to Harenhal and Tywin returns for a little bit (but Arya does not become his cupbearer like on the show). Tywin and the Mountain leave and Amory Lorch is left in charge and it's established that he doesn't really get along with the Bloody Mummers very well. A bunch of Northmen are captured and put in the dungeons and as part of her 3 favours from Jaqen, Arya executes the "Weasel Soup" to free the Northmen where it's revealed that they already kind of had a plan to escape because the Bloody Mummers had changed sides and were going to help them.  They took the castle, fed Lorch to the bear in the bear pit and then Roose showed up as planned and he held the castle. Arya became his cup bearer for a while but doesn't reveal herself to him because she doesn't trust him.  Arya ends up escaping when Roose is away from the castle and Vargo is in charge by killing one of the guards.
In ASoS, Roose is back at Harrenhal and the Bloody Mummers bring a captured (one handed) Jaime and Brienne to him.  Vargo is wary of Roose because he suspects (rightfully) that Roose is going to align himself with the Lannisters.  Apparently, he decided that having Jaime's hand cut off might piss off the Lannisters and stop the Roose alliance from happening.  Qyburn heals Jaime's stump and Roose and Jaime chat for a bit where Jaime notices that Roose is looking for him to put in the good word with Tywin and then Roose allows Jaime to leave with the ("give my regards to Tywin/ give my regards to Robb Stark") lines.  Then Roose leaves Harenhal for good to meet up with Robb again before they all go to the Twins.  Jaime is released to go back to King's Landing but ends up returning to save Brienne from the Bear Pit.  Later, it's revealed that the Mountain eventually comes back and kills Vargo and then gets called to King's Landing for the Oberyn duel.  Polliver I believe is left in charge at that point but he ends up getting killed in the fight with Arya and the Hound at the Inn later.  I think Jaime is actually the one who is sent from King's Landing to relieve the Mountain for a little while and he sets up some guys to hold it for Littlefinger in his absence since it's technically his castle that was awarded to him after Blackwater. I think those guys are still there holding Harenhal still.
Confusing enough for you?  You can see why they decided to consolidate and simplify a lot of the stuff, especially with the Bloody Mummers switching sides.  On the show, Locke will replace Vargo and he will be immediately established as one of Roose's men.  The story will probably remain fairly faithful now that Roose is going to be handed the castle by Robb and Jaime and Brienne will be captured by Locke and his men to have their interactions later on.
2312	Words of Winter	2013-04-02	I have to say that the only people that are confused are book readers since they don't get that the Harenhal stuff has been altered and this is making them overthink the scene.In S2, the Lannisters held Harenhal with the Mountain running the show before and after Tywin blew in and out.  When Arya arrived (as a prisoner of Amory Lorch), there were clearly tons of prisoners all over the place which we would assume would have been taken by the Lannister armies in their battles against Robb's armies in the Riverlands.  Now were they "Northmen" technically?  Probably more likely people from the Riverlands but certainly men who had joined up in the battle with the Tully's and Starks.  "Northmen" appears to just be the show's shorthand for "people loyal to Robb".So Arya leaves at the end of S2, all the other prisoners are still there.  Then, at the start of S3, Robb rides up with his army to take Harenhal from the Mountain, while telling Roose that all of the Lannister armies lately have been ducking him and that he and his men would rather have a real fight soon.  He notices the dead bodies swaying in the galley's on top of the walls of Harrenhal and tells Roose that he doesn't think there's going to be a battle here either.They then enter Harenhal, seeing that it's deserted by the Mountain and all his men.  They've killed and strung up all the prisoners throughout the courtyard before they left as a present for Robb.  There's old men and women so it's not really soldiers we're talking about, more likely just innocent villagers loyal to the Stark cause who were taken in for information the way Arya and crew were.  To add to the theory that it's probably more Riverlands folk than anyone else, the only dead person identified is a Mallister who Cat says is a bannerman to her father.I am having a hard time coming up any other way to read the scene and am surprised there are a few here who didn't get this. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />It only gets confusing if you try to meld it to the books or if you missed the dialogue when they are on horses looking at Harrenhal, IMHO.
2313	DaveSumm	2013-04-02	I agree it's easy to over think this if you've got the books in mind, but at the same time I don't think it was a well explained sequence. My non-book friends thought it was Winterfell, which to be fair made a lot of sense considering the lack of Riverrun last season meant Robb could really be battling anywhere. I don't blame them for thinking Robb was probably nearer Winterfell than Arya's last known location. We were essentially left to assume that the Mountain (not memorable in the show) heard Robb was on his way, slaughtered a load of prisoners (OK, there were some there last season but I'd be damned if any non-book readers could have pointed them out as Northeners) and scarpered. 
But as has been said, this is all just to get Bolton and Qyburn in position so I guess it doesn't matter. It's a prime example of why the show can never be as enjoyable for book readers, you see everything as functional instead of enjoying a scene for what it is.
2314	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-02	There's a war going on. People get taken as prisoners in war. Harrenhal was the center base of operation for the Lannisters for a while but they have since then left.I think the conclusions pretty much draw themselves from that.Yeah I agree. I didn't feel the scene needed explaining either.
2315	cbhamlyn	2013-04-02	I don't have an issue with the scene itself, I get the need to showcase Bolton at Harrenhall.  My issue is with logistics.  
Maybe simply because we don't have a very good idea of where Rob was (somewhere in the West) at the end of S2, and then suddenly he's at Harrenhall with his entire army.  We know you can't simply get to Harrenhall from the West, you either have to go by way of Riverrun or go via the Gold Road.  I'm not talking about the books here, I'm talking about the map of Westeros I have on my wall with the HBO logo stamped on the bottom corner /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> You can dispute me, but several of the battle plans from S1 and S2 DEPEND on the very fact that Tywin can't get back to the West because Riverrun and the Twins are both closed to him.  I mean, that's the whole reason Rob split his army AT THE TWINS!
Anyway, assuming he goes by way of Riverrun, why wouldn't he have left Cat there on his way through?
Also, taking into account Jamie and Brienne, is Rob further East than they are?  Or have they (J&/cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> already gone past Harrenhall and will be brought back?  Because if they show J&B further West than Harrenhall and expect me to believe that Rob and his army (and all his out-riders and scouts) marched right passed J&B, well I'll have to scoff at them.
Also taking into account Arya and company, if Rob can get an entire army to Harrenhall (from the West, by way of Riverrun), surely she would've gotten to Riverrun by now (considering even unskilled children can move faster than an entire army of troops and wagons and everything).
And finally, why the hell would the Lannisters abandon Harrenhall?  I mean, it's not like it's a ruin.  It was stout enough that Tywin himself used it as head quarters.  The Mountain (or whoever) could've held that castle for a good while with just a few hundred troops.  As far as the prisoners (and I agree with other people here that these were most likely not high-born captives, who all agree would make better hostages than corpses), they could've held Harrenhall and just hung the prisoners from the walls or whatever.
Yes, I see they need a fast way to allow Bolton to get Harrenhall (which could've just as easily been a scouting mission lead by Bolton by the way), but doing so in such a Dues Ex Machina way is lame.  I mean, Ned could've cut his own head-off part way through Season 1 but then you lose the whole point of the story.  Am I right?
2316	darrylzero	2013-04-02	This thread should probably be labeled "book spoilers" now.  Or are there spoiler tags that could let us hide some future actions of Vargo/Locke, Qyburn, Roose, etc.?  I'm not seeing them in the text editor, but I could have sworn they existed.  Confusing enough for you?  You can see why they decided to consolidate and simplify a lot of the stuff, especially with the Bloody Mummers switching sides.  On the show, Locke will replace Vargo and he will be immediately established as one of Roose's men.  The story will probably remain fairly faithful now that Roose is going to be handed the castle by Robb and Jaime and Brienne will be captured by Locke and his men to have their interactions later on.Excellent summary, thanks.  I mostly remembered all that but it was nice to see it all laid out neatly.This raises the obvious question, why is Locke is going to do that really big thing that Vargo does?  He's Bolton's "best hunter," right?  I thought Vargo's reasons for doing so related to his uneasy situation were really well-played and interesting to think through afterward.  Will all of that be basically ignored?  Locke will just be overzealous and cruel?Yes, I see they need a fast way to allow Bolton to get Harrenhall (which could've just as easily been a scouting mission lead by Bolton by the way), but doing so in such a Dues Ex Machina way is lame.  I mean, Ned could've cut his own head-off part way through Season 1 but then you lose the whole point of the story.  Am I right?Eh, I see where you're coming from, but I'm happy not to worry about how or why people travel the way they do in the show.  I think it would be too much effort to get it right for very little gain.  I know how you feel, though, once something starts nagging at you like that, it can really affect your appreciation.  For me, though, it's an easy thing to let go.  Distance, logistics, that kind of thing... as long as it doesn't confuse character motivations/priorities/personalities/capacities, I'm pretty much fine with it.Although I definitely have a massive pet peeve in terms of the amount of magic that would be necessary for Pyat Pree to pull off his crazy multiplication-and-assassination act in S2.  I feel compelled to tell every non-book-reader I know that there's just no way that would have been possible in the books.  I think they meant it as an illusion -- maybe he had 10 henchmen who were there and actually killed the 10 other members of the 13 -- but I'm really hoping there's some throwaway line about it at some point.  So, maybe that's my version of the logistics frustration.
					
					
							Edited by darrylzero, 02 April 2013 - 09:10 AM.
2317	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I don't have an issue with the scene itself, I get the need to showcase Bolton at Harrenhall.  My issue is with logistics.  Maybe simply because we don't have a very good idea of where Rob was (somewhere in the West) at the end of S2, and then suddenly he's at Harrenhall with his entire army.  We know you can't simply get to Harrenhall from the West, you either have to go by way of Riverrun or go via the Gold Road.  I'm not talking about the books here, I'm talking about the map of Westeros I have on my wall with the HBO logo stamped on the bottom corner /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> You can dispute me, but several of the battle plans from S1 and S2 DEPEND on the very fact that Tywin can't get back to the West because Riverrun and the Twins are both closed to him.  I mean, that's the whole reason Rob split his army AT THE TWINS!Anyway, assuming he goes by way of Riverrun, why wouldn't he have left Cat there on his way through?Also, taking into account Jamie and Brienne, is Rob further East than they are?  Or have they (J& /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> already gone past Harrenhall and will be brought back?  Because if they show J&B further West than Harrenhall and expect me to believe that Rob and his army (and all his out-riders and scouts) marched right passed J&B, well I'll have to scoff at them.Also taking into account Arya and company, if Rob can get an entire army to Harrenhall (from the West, by way of Riverrun), surely she would've gotten to Riverrun by now (considering even unskilled children can move faster than an entire army of troops and wagons and everything).And finally, why the hell would the Lannisters abandon Harrenhall?  I mean, it's not like it's a ruin.  It was stout enough that Tywin himself used it as head quarters.  The Mountain (or whoever) could've held that castle for a good while with just a few hundred troops.  As far as the prisoners (and I agree with other people here that these were most likely not high-born captives, who all agree would make better hostages than corpses), they could've held Harrenhall and just hung the prisoners from the walls or whatever.Yes, I see they need a fast way to allow Bolton to get Harrenhall (which could've just as easily been a scouting mission lead by Bolton by the way), but doing so in such a Dues Ex Machina way is lame.  I mean, Ned could've cut his own head-off part way through Season 1 but then you lose the whole point of the story.  Am I right?Im with you 100%.  I mean, did Arya miss Rob's army on the way?Why would Robb have his entire army within 1000 yards of HH before he even knows that there's no one there?  No outriders?  Scouts?  Surveillance? Nothing makes sense about the scene except that its a way to get Roose there, well, there's plenty better ways to get Roose there other than making the Young Wolf and company look like boobs and completely ignore any tactical skill by the Lannisters or Rob.  A lightly held Harranhel could have been taken via cunning or overwhelming pretty easily in the same type of scene and then Roose could have found Qyburn.Robb has no Maester, why would he leave this Maester with Roose and not take him for himself?
2318	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	I agree.  Or, they could have just had a scene with Roose already in possession of Harrenhall and explained how he got there, rather than a confusing mash up that isn't consistent with either the books or with last season.
2319	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	Nothing makes sense about the scene except that its a way to get Roose there, well, there's plenty better ways to get Roose there other than making the Young Wolf and company look like boobs and completely ignore any tactical skill by the Lannisters or Rob.  A lightly held Harranhel could have been taken via cunning or overwhelming pretty easily in the same type of scene and then Roose could have found Qyburn.Lol, a scene showing Northmen tactfully taking HH would be hundreds of times harder to film than hey look a pile of corpses. It would also be more confusing. They just couldn't spend much time on it, and it's not even confusing at all as many people have pointed out. There are practical oddities that you mentioned but those don't make it confusing, they make it rushed and convenient. My first read through aCoK I was honestly baffled about WTF was going on at HH. It was super confusing to read initially as well, so I think they tried to skip much of it to simplify things at the cost of some things being practically too convenient or uncharacteristic of a disciplined army.
2320	Winterz	2013-04-02	I'm sure there's more to that slaughter than we know. Also, they were 200 men and though some were wearing Northern armor, their leader, as Cat points out, was Jason Mallister, a Tully bannerman.
	Spoiler About Qy, I'm pretty sure he took part in their slaughter and Jason Mallister was still alive in the books though he never played a significant part.

					
					
							Edited by Winterz, 02 April 2013 - 10:02 AM.
2321	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	well in the book....Roose was taken prisoner there from the battle of the gold fork.....being that there was no "weasel soup" to spring the prisoners they had to have a way for Bolton to get there....I think all the dead were to show the devistation the Lannisters are creating in the riverlands and to plant dissent abmong the northern lords.....to show how Robb loses his grip on his coalition even though he's won every battle.....Roose was not taken prisoner there
2322	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Lol, a scene showing Northmen tactfully taking HH would be hundreds of times harder to film than hey look a pile of corpses. It would also be more confusing. They just couldn't spend much time on it, and it's not even confusing at all as many people have pointed out. There are practical oddities that you mentioned but those don't make it confusing, they make it rushed and convenient. My first read through aCoK I was honestly baffled about WTF was going on at HH. It was super confusing to read initially as well, so I think they tried to skip much of it to simplify things at the cost of some things being practically too convenient or uncharacteristic of a disciplined army.You mean as expensive as the scene where theon took winterfell?  Dis you happen to read where I said "lightly held"?It was confusing to me and my wife.  Those practical oddities make it inconsistent within the confines of the show.  Season 2 ends with The Mountain being told to hold a very strategic castle.  Now he isnt there...confusing no?  Just some dialogue or the scene being a scouting mission would clear things up.
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 02 April 2013 - 10:22 AM.
2323	BrojenReed	2013-04-02	I was super confused and a little annoyed at the HH scene after I first watched the premiere, but after a couple more viewings I agree with what many of you are saying-- the scene was done this way to simplify the HH storyline and to conveniently place Roose and Qyburn in the same place. 
I think the main reason that Robb had to be in the scene is that many viewers (who haven't read the books) often confuse characters. 
	Spoiler  I have many friends who are big fans of the series but haven't read the books, so they don't yet understand just how critical a character Roose Bolton is.  The writers haven't even had his name spoken enough times to make it memorable. So I think having Robb and Catelyn present was one last reminder of who Roose is, his current allegiance, and his importance as one of Robb's main generals.  This will add to the impact of the RW for those who have not read the books
2324	Tadco26	2013-04-02	When I watched it initially I thought I missed another battle "fast forward" like the fist of first men to explain what happened there.  I would have expected the dead men to be restrained if they were just slaughtered prisoners, and you wouldn't expect Qyburn to have any chance of living if he was excecuted as a prisoner, vs just being a survivor in a battle where the enemy might not check every body that was down.  At the very least it was poorly explained.  Perhaps Qyburn will explain more in the future.
2325	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	You mean as expensive as the scene where theon took winterfell?  Dis you happen to read where I said "lightly held"?It was confusing to me and my wife.  Those practical oddities make it inconsistent within the confines of the show.  Season 2 ends with The Mountain being told to hold a very strategic castle.  Now he isnt there...confusing no?  Just some dialogue or the scene being a scouting mission would clear things up.Theon took Winterfell after we see him plot to feign an attack on Torrhen's (One scene), then Ser Rodrik take most of the remaining fighting men to Torrhen's square (Another scene), and we know Theon knows Winterfell inside out. A similar plot would be much more confusing and require much more build up to avoid confusion. It's confusing if you don't listen to what Robb and Roose are talking about. Tywin is avoiding unnecessary confrontation and appears to be goading Robb and creating dissenssion within his ranks. No need to even attempt to hold Harrenhall because Tywin knows you win some wars with words and why chance losing men when you can have them placed more strategically for your ultimate plans.
2326	Conchobar	2013-04-02	I understood what had happened, but it could have been made more clear through commentary. I don't think Talisa should have been in the scene. Overall though I thought it was quite a captivating scene.
2327	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	I understood what had happened, but it could have been made more clear through commentary. I don't think Talisa should have been in the scene. Overall though I thought it was quite a captivating scene.I will agree on Talisa being there. What is she like Robb's squire/maester now? Why is she riding alongside Robb as he's preparing for potential battle?
2328	stunningsteve	2013-04-02	I didn't like the arrival at Harrenhal. Last time we saw Robb somewhere in Westerlands, near the Crag. Maybe his camp still was at Oxcross. And suddenly he marched through most part of the Riverlands to Harrenhal and ignored Riverrun the second time (first time after Whispering Wood, which was even worse)!?
We do know that he will be at Riverrun rather soon for Hoster's funeral. It would have made more sense for him arriving at RR in this episode and sending Bolton with a part of his army to Harrenhal with them arriving in the beginning of E3.
Clegane leaving Harrenhal made more sense. His scouts or spies informed about Robb marching to Harrenhal. We don't know how many men Tywin left him, but Harrenhal is HUGE and more ruin than castle. It can't be defended against such a force like Robb's. He know he had to leave to survive and the prisoners (probably from the Green Fork and his raids in the Riverlands like the Mallister Knight) would have slowed him down. So he ordered to kill them and arranged them as "welcoming present" for Robb. If Qyburn was just lucky to survive or was left alive intentional as a spy or contact person between Roose and Tywin is hard to say right now. We don't know how long exactly Roose has been aligned with the Lannisters and what nackground story they will give Qyburn in the series.
					
					
							Edited by stunningsteve, 02 April 2013 - 02:44 PM.
2329	kevin1989	2013-04-02	I will agree on Talisa being there. What is she like Robb's squire/maester now? Why is she riding alongside Robb as he's preparing for potential battle?That's what many wifes do, checking their man constantly ^^ Just kidding.Only problem I got from this scene is that it didn't have a pay-off. The set-up was there but not the pay-off. They could have better put this scene in episode 2 (where we see Cat in her cell etc) and have another scene in this episode from episode 2. I mean they did great with Tyrion and Danny by doing more in one episode, but not for Jon and Sam. They could have better have a scene more with either of these two. But still they did a great job.
2330	jonny__bravo	2013-04-02	I agree with Mulled Vino, you can see the logic for the scene and placing Roose at HH but its the whirlwind tour of the Wester/Riverlands by Robb with his entire host thats problematic here. Before Tywin decides to march to the aid of the capital, Ser Kevan points out that Robb's host remained north of Ashemark, which tally's with Robb and Talisa going to the Crag to accept their surrender.
Now if Robb and Roose know its the mountain and only a small garrsion that were left defending HH, then it stands to reason they know Tywin has left HH (whether they know about Stannis' defeat remains uncertain). Now if we specuate that Robb upon hearing of Hoster's death heads to Riverrun (much to Karstark's annoyance), from there (judging by the trailers "take his home, take his gold") plans an attack on Casterly Rock you have to wonder why he didn't pursue such an attack when he was near Ashemark initially.
					
					
							Edited by jonny__bravo, 02 April 2013 - 02:51 PM.
2331	AdiTarg	2013-04-02	My friends who hadn't read the book, thought Robb and party where in Winterfell...
2332	King Tommen	2013-04-02	The show doesn't really care a whole lot about the logistics of the geography and the way the characters move around it the way the books do so I don't know why some here continue to harp on it.  For the convenience of the plot, some characters will be able to move to different locations quicker than others and since you don't see their journey, you can either manufacture some reason as to how that happened (on horseback, travelled through the night, took a shortcut off the main road etc) or you can use your suspension of disbelief to just accept that this is the way it is.
It's really not something that should alter your enjoyment of the show to any real degree.
2333	MoA«t	2013-04-02	I have to say that the only people that are confused are book readers since they don't get that the Harenhal stuff has been altered and this is making them overthink the scene.In S2, the Lannisters held Harenhal with the Mountain running the show before and after Tywin blew in and out.  When Arya arrived (as a prisoner of Amory Lorch), there were clearly tons of prisoners all over the place which we would assume would have been taken by the Lannister armies in their battles against Robb's armies in the Riverlands.  Now were they "Northmen" technically?  Probably more likely people from the Riverlands but certainly men who had joined up in the battle with the Tully's and Starks.  "Northmen" appears to just be the show's shorthand for "people loyal to Robb".So Arya leaves at the end of S2, all the other prisoners are still there.  Then, at the start of S3, Robb rides up with his army to take Harenhal from the Mountain, while telling Roose that all of the Lannister armies lately have been ducking him and that he and his men would rather have a real fight soon.  He notices the dead bodies swaying in the galley's on top of the walls of Harrenhal and tells Roose that he doesn't think there's going to be a battle here either.They then enter Harenhal, seeing that it's deserted by the Mountain and all his men.  They've killed and strung up all the prisoners throughout the courtyard before they left as a present for Robb.  There's old men and women so it's not really soldiers we're talking about, more likely just innocent villagers loyal to the Stark cause who were taken in for information the way Arya and crew were.  To add to the theory that it's probably more Riverlands folk than anyone else, the only dead person identified is a Mallister who Cat says is a bannerman to her father.I am having a hard time coming up any other way to read the scene and am surprised there are a few here who didn't get this. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> I need a LIKE button.
2334	MoA«t	2013-04-02	I will agree on Talisa being there. What is she like Robb's squire/maester now? Why is she riding alongside Robb as he's preparing for potential battle?Where is she supposed to go?  Winterfell is no longer held by the Starks (they don't know it's an abandoned ruin yet.)Should he send her alone ahead to Riverrun? There's a war going on still.Perhaps back home to Volantis?More importantly, do you think she'd suddenly become the little obedient wife and agree? She was a field nurse when they met. I don't see Robb doing that to her.
					
					
							Edited by MoA«t, 02 April 2013 - 04:48 PM.
2335	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	Theon took Winterfell after we see him plot to feign an attack on Torrhen's (One scene), then Ser Rodrik take most of the remaining fighting men to Torrhen's square (Another scene), and we know Theon knows Winterfell inside out. A similar plot would be much more confusing and require much more build up to avoid confusion. It's confusing if you don't listen to what Robb and Roose are talking about. Tywin is avoiding unnecessary confrontation and appears to be goading Robb and creating dissenssion within his ranks. No need to even attempt to hold Harrenhall because Tywin knows you win some wars with words and why chance losing men when you can have them placed more strategically for your ultimate plans.So? What does that mean?  All we need is the scene where Roose takes HH because The Mountain left.  Thats it.   You are the hindsight king.  So you are suggesting that giving up a very strategic location like HH was part of tywin's plan because what?  He knew Roose would be given control of HH?
2336	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	What I am not understanding is.... regarding Robb raiding the Westerlands and the Edmure Fords thing. Is that still going to happen? Is a Lannister army going to come back? If not, there isn't much for Robb to do before his wedding
2337	King Tommen	2013-04-02	So? What does that mean?  All we need is the scene where Roose takes HH because The Mountain left.  Thats it.  You are the hindsight king.  So you are suggesting that giving up a very strategic location like HH was part of tywin's plan because what?  He knew Roose would be given control of HH?  Tywin doesn't give a shit about Harenhal at this point because he's plotting to take down Robb's army be nefarious means, not on the field of battle because to this point, that has only led to defeat and loss of men.  He's pulling his armies away from Robb so that he can engineer his demise through treachery.  I'm sure he doesn't care about what Robb does with Harenhal and whether it's given to Roose or not because that doesn't impact his plan.
2338	King Tommen	2013-04-02	What I am not understanding is.... regarding Robb raiding the Westerlands and the Edmure Fords thing. Is that still going to happen? Is a Lannister army going to come back? If not, there isn't much for Robb to do before his weddingThere was talk of a scene where Edmure does or says something stupid later this season that hurts Robb's tactical position but what it is exactly is unknown at this point.
2339	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	So? What does that mean?  All we need is the scene where Roose takes HH because The Mountain left.  Thats it.  You are the hindsight king.  So you are suggesting that giving up a very strategic location like HH was part of tywin's plan because what?  He knew Roose would be given control of HH?  You can call me hindsight king, but when you know what's going to happen this move makes sense given knowledge available and motivation for the characters in question at this current juncture. it might not make sense to TV viewers yet, which is fine not to know something and then later realize the point.
2340	Montey14	2013-04-02	Roose was not taken prisoner therecould have sworn he was a prisoner....how the hell did he get to Harrenhall then??.....I know he lost battles in the riverlands.....figured he was taken after he lost them .....been a while since I read book 3.....I remember Wesel soup and the scenes with Twin and Arya never happend...
2341	Montey14	2013-04-02	I think the main purpose of that scene though is to show how Bolton and Karstark begin to doubt Robb"s leadership and cause.  I think they are starting to feel he's made some very poor political mistakes and Jamies release was the topper.....all the dead northmen was the catalyst for dissent among the northern lords
2342	Montey14	2013-04-02	You can call me hindsight king, but when you know what's going to happen this move makes sense given knowledge available and motivation for the characters in question at this current juncture. it might not make sense to TV viewers yet, which is fine not to know something and then later realize the point.In the book ...Robb and Blackfish devise a strategy to draw the Lannisters out and slowly bleed them.....when Edmure joins the battles and has a victory over the lannisters at Rivverun Tywin thinks better of it and heads for kings landing instead of engaging robbs army....hence the frustration over not being able to fight the Lannisters....they didn't anticipate them heading for kings landing and smashing Stannis and having Highgarden with them ......hence Edmure has to marry one of the frey girls as punishment for his folly
2343	Magic 8 Ball	2013-04-02	My friends who hadn't read the book, thought Robb and party where in Winterfell...Based on threads I have read from non-book readers, this is the single biggest misconception from episode 1.They also think "lord Dreadfort" is "smoking hot sexy" /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2344	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	In the book ...Robb and Blackfish devise a strategy to draw the Lannisters out and slowly bleed them.....when Edmure joins the battles and has a victory over the lannisters at Rivverun Tywin thinks better of it and heads for kings landing instead of engaging robbs army....hence the frustration over not being able to fight the Lannisters....they didn't anticipate them heading for kings landing and smashing Stannis and having Highgarden with them ......hence Edmure has to marry one of the frey girls as punishment for his follyI know. I've read the books many times. That's just not how it works in the TV Show as it's timed differently for whatever reason.
2345	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	There was talk of a scene where Edmure does or says something stupid later this season that hurts Robb's tactical position but what it is exactly is unknown at this point. interesting. I find this whole Harrenhal thing to be the most jarring change so far in the series
2346	greatgeek	2013-04-02	interesting. I find this whole Harrenhal thing to be the most jarring change so far in the seriesSeriously?
2347	King Tommen	2013-04-02	interesting. I find this whole Harrenhal thing to be the most jarring change so far in the seriesYeah, I don't get this at all.  As long as you can recognize that it's Harenhal (which is unfortunate that some non-readers are confusing it for Winterfell), then the sequence seems pretty clear.  Robb arrives to take the castle from the Mountain, complains that Tywin's now ducking all battles with him and sees that the Mountain (presumably under orders from Tywin) has abandoned Harenhal as well, thus denying Robb another chance to win a skirmish.  Once they go into Harenhal, they can see that before he left, the Mountain has killed all the Northern and Riverlands prisoners that the Lannister armies had collected over the past season and butchered them.  Cat sees a Mallister amongst the dead who she identifies as her father's bannerman.  Scene done.All of this information is reinforced in the dialogue of the scene between Robb, Cat, Roose and Karstark.  Robb's itching for a fight, they're all devastated by all the carnage the Mountain left behind and Roose tells Karstark that he'll get his revenge on Jaime for his son's death soon.And if you're  a book reader, you should see the foreshadowing all over the place in this sequence.  Clearly, Tywin having his armies not engage with Robb is a tactic he's using because he has decided to bring Robb down another way.  You can see both Karstark and Roose cast some doubt on Robb's ability to win this war.  Also, we know that to align certain events prior to the RW, Robb is going to leave Roose to garrison Harenhal so that he can have his man Locke bring a captured Jaime and Brienne to him and they can have their little chat prior to Roose leaving for the Twins.They've also decided to have Qyburn be discovered at this point so that he can be the one to heal Jaime and eventually head to King's Landing to continue his shenanigans there in future seasons.I figured this out the first time they showed the shot of Robb and Cat looking at the dead bodies at Harenhal in one of the early trailers.  Why are so many people having issues with this?
					
					
							Edited by King Tommen, 02 April 2013 - 09:28 PM.
2348	Tadco26	2013-04-02	I guess it's confusing because I never heard them say anything about how the people died.  Maybe I missed it, but it seems like they are just dead, and I didn't notice them being restrained or anything to suggest they were prisoners, which made it seem like there was a battle.  That was reinforced by Qyburn being alive.  If all the northerners were executed as prisoners, then the chance of someone surviving their execution is virtually zero.  So that made me think that perhaps it was supposed to be the aftermath of a battle I some how missed, just like some non-readers missed that there was even supposed to be a battle in the intro between the white walkers and night's watch when the screen went black.
2349	King Tommen	2013-04-02	As they approached Harrenhal and Robb complained about Tywin's armies ducking him, he looks up at Harrenhal and sees dead bodies hung from galleys on top of the walls.  He then says something about how it doesn't look like there will be a battle here either.
The info is all there in the sequence, I guess if you aren't paying attention, you could get confused because it's not in the books.
2350	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	Yeah, I don't get this at all.  As long as you can recognize that it's Harenhal (which is unfortunate that some non-readers are confusing it for Winterfell), then the sequence seems pretty clear.  Robb arrives to take the castle from the Mountain, complains that Tywin's now ducking all battles with him and sees that the Mountain (presumably under orders from Tywin) has abandoned Harenhal as well, thus denying Robb another chance to win a skirmish.  Once they go into Harenhal, they can see that before he left, the Mountain has killed all the Northern and Riverlands prisoners that the Lannister armies had collected over the past season and butchered them.  Cat sees a Mallister amongst the dead who she identifies as her father's bannerman.  Scene done.All of this information is reinforced in the dialogue of the scene between Robb, Cat, Roose and Karstark.  Robb's itching for a fight, they're all devastated by all the carnage the Mountain left behind and Roose tells Karstark that he'll get his revenge on Jaime for his son's death soon.And if you're  a book reader, you should see the foreshadowing all over the place in this sequence.  Clearly, Tywin having his armies not engage with Robb is a tactic he's using because he has decided to bring Robb down another way.  You can see both Karstark and Roose cast some doubt on Robb's ability to win this war.  Also, we know that to align certain events prior to the RW, Robb is going to leave Roose to garrison Harenhal so that he can have his man Locke bring a captured Jaime and Brienne to him and they can have their little chat prior to Roose leaving for the Twins.They've also decided to have Qyburn be discovered at this point so that he can be the one to heal Jaime and eventually head to King's Landing to continue his shenanigans there in future seasons.I figured this out the first time they showed the shot of Robb and Cat looking at the dead bodies at Harenhal in one of the early trailers.  Why are so many people having issues with this?OK. I think everything in your post is well-reasoned. I did get all that. And yes,  I read the books, lol.I really didn't give a great explanation for what I meant. It's my own negligence, but I didn't fully grasp the consequences last season of having Arya in HH and what that would probably mean in the future. When Tywin is sitting in King Landing writing a letter, I wonder who it is that will be attempting to cross into the Riverlands for Edmure to repel. It didn't hit me until Sunday night that the sequence of events had been changed the way they had. So when I said "this whole Harrenhal thing" I'm referring to everything we have seen there so far.I love the show and I'm not a purist. This is one of the few times where the action on screen seemed so out of place that I went back to the wiki to sort it out. ACoK and AsoS aren't fresh in my mind.So it was really more of an 'Oh shit!' moment for me. I see why the show did it the way they did. Plus I really don't need to see the Goat on the show, lol.
					
					
							Edited by oakenhelm, 02 April 2013 - 10:19 PM.
2351	Tadco26	2013-04-02	As they approached Harrenhal and Robb complained about Tywin's armies ducking him, he looks up at Harrenhal and sees dead bodies hung from galleys on top of the walls.  He then says something about how it doesn't look like there will be a battle here either.The info is all there in the sequence, I guess if you aren't paying attention, you could get confused because it's not in the books.  I missed the bodies hanging  from galleys when he said that though there were bodies hanging there last season when Arya left after they tried to find the assassin so it wouldn't have changed my perception much I don't think.  The line about no battle for Robb I interpreted to mean that there had already been a battle before they got there, perhaps with Riverrun.  So I must have missed whatever other clue there was that these were prisoners who had been executed rather than casualties from a battle.  I didn't see any restraints on the dead,  and they hadn't been hung, or beheaded on a chopping block or killed in cages.  Plus it didn't make much sense that Qyburn would survive an execution.
2352	Sun	2013-04-02	Rob's arc is such a mess in the show.
2353	King Tommen	2013-04-02	If you watch the scene again, you can see that pretty much every dead person scattered in Harrenhal has their hands bound together and/or have been strung up and piled up on wooden restraints.  It's pretty obvious.
As for Qyburn being alive, he's been bloodied and worked over and appears to be dead until he weakly awakens and coughs.  Talisa goes to treat him and after looking at his wounds, says he's lucky to be alive which he can barely respond to.  I don't see how that's too hard to believe that in their haste to slaughter everyone, they may not have went and checked everyone's pulse afterwards to make sure they were completely dead.
Here's the dialogue from when Robb approaches Harrenhal:
Roose: "We should set the siege lines a 1000 yards from Harrenhal" (They even say it's Harrenhal, not Winterfell for all the people who couldn't tell by just looking at it).
Robb: "There won't be a siege. The Mountain can't defend a ruin."
Roose: "I imagine the Mountain will defend whatever Tywin Lannister tells him to defend."
Robb: "The Lannister's have been running from us since Oxcross. The men would love a fight. (sees the hanging bodies above the walls) I don't think we're going to get one."
Robb walks into Harrnehal, immediately comes across a soldier hanging by a noose, bled out on the ground. He looks around the courtyard and sees bodies of dead men and women piled on top of carts and bound to wooden restraints. Some of them have spears stuck in their backs or through their bodies. Most of them have their hands bound together with rope.
Roose and Karstark walk in to survey the damage.
Karstark: "200 Northmen, slaughtered like sheep." (Pretty good indication of a slaughter, not a battle if it wasn't made distinctly clear enough by the visuals)
Roose: "The debt will be repaid my friend, for them and for your sons."
Karstark: "They rot in the ground while their killer runs free." (looks over at Catelyn as she enters the scene to look at the bodies)
Roose: "The Kingslayer won't remain free for long. My best hunter is after him." (obvious reference to Locke)
(Robb and Cat approach a dead man bound up with a knife through a sigil on his chest while Talisa checks on some of the other bodies.)
Robb: "A Mallister."
Cat: "Ser Jeremy, my father's bannerman"
(Karstark has had enough and storms out. Roose sticks around long enough to give the evil eye and then leaves too.)
(Robb looks up to see the faces of some of his soldiers who are staring intently at Cat. He gathers himself and puts on his "I'm in charge" voice)
Robb: "Find her a chamber that will serve as a cell." (Catelyn leaves with one of the men, Talisa approaches Robb)
Talisa: (quietly): "She's your mother..."
Robb: "She freed Jaime Lannister. The Lannisters robbed them of their sons, she robbed them of their justice."
(The man bound up beside Ser Jeremy suddenly coughs and Talisa and Robb rush over to check on him.Talisa looks at the huge gash on the man's neck)
Talisa: "This wound needs to be cleaned and closed." (Robb gives him some water to drink)
Robb: "What's your name friend?"
Man: "Qyburn"
Talisa: "You're lucky to be alive."
(Qyburn looks around at all the carnage, raises his eyebrow and grins weakly.) "Lucky?"
2354	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	Are the Brave Companions supposed to have done this?  I don't get the point of this.  They could have just easly just had Roose show up and take over Harrenhall without inexplicable dead Northern soldiers, and what is Quyborn doing with them?  Weird.There are no Brave Companions in the show and will be none.  That part of the books has been eliminated.
2355	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	I wonder if they'll make Qyburn as horrible as he is in the books. I certainly hope so, 'cos he's the creepiest guy in the series imo...Agreed.   I *love* the way how GRRM goes out of his way to describe some of the most terrifyingly evil minor characters (The Tickler, Qyburn, Roose Bolton) as having an utterly unremarkable, "ordinary" appearance.  Book Qyburn even looks kindly/fatherly and completely nonthreatening.  Whenever I picutre him while reading the books, I picture my own dad, a pudgy, harmless teddy bear of a guy. Curious to see what this actor will do with this very chilling role..
2356	teemo	2013-04-03	I'm still so sad about the Brave Companions being cut...they really give me chills whenever I read about them.  At least Qyburn is here though! I asked a few of my classmates today who watch the show where they thought Robb was and 3 didn't know, 2 said Winterfell. I recognized it as Harrenhal immediately and they even SAID it, but I guess it's still not obvious enough...
2357	Lion of Judah	2013-04-03	My guess is that they switched up the story a bit and the Northmen we saw dead at Harrenhal were actually the men that Arya had Jaqen free in the books.
2358	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	My guess is that they switched up the story a bit and the Northmen we saw dead at Harrenhal were actually the men that Arya had Jaqen free in the books.Never mind that these prisoners never existed in the show until now.  The only prisoners in Harenhal, as far as we show-watchers knew, were the poor villagers being tortured by Gregor and the Tickler & co.Not that we couldn't *imagine* therer were also other prisoners, but I think it was poorly explained.
2359	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	I just got back from a friend's house who swore up and down that this happened in Winterfell.
2360	callmedodge	2013-04-04	Never mind that these prisoners never existed in the show until now.  The only prisoners in Harenhal, as far as we show-watchers knew, were the poor villagers being tortured by Gregor and the Tickler & co.Not that we couldn't *imagine* therer were also other prisoners, but I think it was poorly explained.Except when Tywin arrives at Harrenhal in season 2 the Mountain explicitly says that the prisoners are out in the yard in what looks to be a pigsty because the dungeons are all full.The amount of "The show is not explaining stuff" coming from people who don`t even seem to be listening to the dialogue is extraordinary.
2361	kevin1989	2013-04-04	I just got back from a friend's house who swore up and down that this happened in Winterfell.How can they think that when before entering Harrenhal, you see the ruin of Harrenhal?
2362	Khal Pono	2013-04-04	Except when Tywin arrives at Harrenhal in season 2 the Mountain explicitly says that the prisoners are out in the yard in what looks to be a pigsty because the dungeons are all full.The amount of "The show is not explaining stuff" coming from people who don`t even seem to be listening to the dialogue is extraordinary.I've watched the episodes about a dozen times each, but most people haven't.  No one's going to remember that bit of dialogue from 8 episdoes ago; besides I just assumed he meant their prisons were overflowing with local peasants, not captured Northmen/Rivermen.  The lack of explanation didn't ruin the whole show by any means, but there are definitely ways the writing/directing could have made what had happened at Harrenhal clearer in the same amount of time.
					
					
							Edited by Khal Pono, 04 April 2013 - 07:00 AM.
2363	callmedodge	2013-04-04	I've watched the episodes about a dozen times each, but most people haven't.  No one's going to remember that bit of dialogue from 8 episdoes ago; besides I just assumed he meant their prisons were overflowing with local peasants, not captured Northmen/Rivermen.  The lack of explanation didn't ruin the whole show by any means, but they're are definitely ways the writing/directing could have made what had happened at Harrenhal clearer in the same amount of time.I honestly think it`s a bit of a non-issue. The only people who are going to be bothered are those who read too much into it. The show has already established Harrenhal as a place and it featured quite regularly in the last season. I don`t know what more people need beyond:1. We`re at Harrenhal (explicity stated by Bolton)2. Lannister forces have been evading Stark forces and the Stark`s are looking for a fight (Mentioned by Robb)3. The Mountain was stationed at Harrenhal (well established last season and mentioned again by Robb or Bolton (can`t remember which))4. Tywin battled with Stark forces at the end of season 1, won and presumably took captives. Next time we see him, it`s not a stretch to assume he brought those captives to Harrenhal. Especially since he was concerned with keeping civilians as prisoners instead of using their skills - space that could otherwise be used for actual prisoners.5. The Mountain leaves Harrenhal because that`s what the Lannisters are currently doing: fleeing, and decides to kill all those captives instead of taking them along or leaving them alive. Qyburn has obviously been left there as a spy.Granted, 4 is a bit of a stretch but I`m just surprised that so many people didn`t get this extremely simple scene. My non-book readers certainly had no trouble understanding what was happening. Short of exposition, I don`t really see how it could be made clearer. If you`re not following the story (which others have no problem doing) then it`s certainly not the shows fault. I`m not saying the show`s perfect either, I just don`t understand why people see this as an issue.
2364	Patchface123	2013-04-04	I was watching the episode with a friend who hasn't read the books, and this scene made him ask me "what happened here?". I didn't really have a good answer since the whole storyline differs so much from the books. In the show, you never get feeling that the northern army is split up, in S01E09 Robb sends a splinter force on a suicide mission but otherwise the whole army seems to stay with him. During Aryas stay at Harrenhal, there are prisoners, sure, but they seem to be local farmers rather than northern soldiers.
I think it was necessary to change this storyline from the books, but I feel it could've been done better. Anyways, things seems to be getting back on track with Roose in Harrenhal and Robb and Cat on their way to Riverrun (I guess).
2365	Tommen	2013-04-04	Yeah the show really needs to clarify its version of events regarding Harrenhal.
2366	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	How can they think that when before entering Harrenhal, you see the ruin of Harrenhal?Their explanation was this:1) they thought Roose said winterfell.2) the courtyard looked just like the one in Winterfell3) they said northmen so they thought it was in the north.  The prisoners that were with arya in HH weren't soldiers.I explained how far WF was and thar theon was in wf and they understood.These are non book readers.  They were meh on the first episode and spent the whole day sunday watching every ep that was on.  They are still pumped about the season though.  Biggest complaint by far was the opening scene with tarly.  After that, they thought HH was confusing and Mance was a letdown. No beef with any of the KL stuff or with Astapor.  They loved the Unsullied scene and story about killing the babies.  Had to tell them about the puppies too.
2367	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	I honestly think it`s a bit of a non-issue. The only people who are going to be bothered are those who read too much into it. The show has already established Harrenhal as a place and it featured quite regularly in the last season. I don`t know what more people need beyond:1. We`re at Harrenhal (explicity stated by Bolton)2. Lannister forces have been evading Stark forces and the Stark`s are looking for a fight (Mentioned by Robb)3. The Mountain was stationed at Harrenhal (well established last season and mentioned again by Robb or Bolton (can`t remember which))4. Tywin battled with Stark forces at the end of season 1, won and presumably took captives. Next time we see him, it`s not a stretch to assume he brought those captives to Harrenhal. Especially since he was concerned with keeping civilians as prisoners instead of using their skills - space that could otherwise be used for actual prisoners.5. The Mountain leaves Harrenhal because that`s what the Lannisters are currently doing: fleeing, and decides to kill all those captives instead of taking them along or leaving them alive. Qyburn has obviously been left there as a spy.Granted, 4 is a bit of a stretch but I`m just surprised that so many people didn`t get this extremely simple scene. My non-book readers certainly had no trouble understanding what was happening. Short of exposition, I don`t really see how it could be made clearer. If you`re not following the story (which others have no problem doing) then it`s certainly not the shows fault. I`m not saying the show`s perfect either, I just don`t understand why people see this as an issue.Because it is an issue for non-readers as has been brought up multiple times in the thread.Not to mention that Rob looks like a fool for bringing his entire army to lay siege to an empty castle.
2368	King of the Road	2013-04-04	Because it is an issue for non-readers as has been brought up multiple times in the thread.Not to mention that Rob looks like a fool for bringing his entire army to lay siege to an empty castle.Does he look like a fool? His aim was to take control of Harrenhal, which he has accomplished without a fight. By bringing his entire army he encouraged Clegane to stage a retreat and can now move on in pursuit of the Lannister forces with his full strength, whilst also having enough men to garrison Harrenhal.
2369	Mulled Wino	2013-04-04	Does he look like a fool? His aim was to take control of Harrenhal, which he has accomplished without a fight. By bringing his entire army he encouraged Clegane to stage a retreat and can now move on in pursuit of the Lannister forces with his full strength, whilst also having enough men to garrison Harrenhal.And give up your strongholds that threaten Casterly Rock?  Those strongholds in lannister lands?  Which your army was living off of..  Now the entire army is in HH in burned out and depleted lands that the lannisters have stripped bare.  Great strategy... Now he has to bakttack or attack KL.  Attacking KL is what tywin (and the tyrells) wants if he's retreating, so that's the last thing he should do, and backtracking is for rookies.  Should they re-march to oxcross and the west?Any time you transport an entire arny to do the work 200 men could do, you look dumb.  How about some scouting?
					
					
							Edited by Mulled Wino, 04 April 2013 - 07:45 AM.
2370	King of the Road	2013-04-04	And give up your strongholds that threaten Casterly Rock?  Those strongholds in lannister lands?  Which your army was living off of..  Now the entire army is in HH in burned out and depleted lands that the lannisters have stripped bare.  Great strategy...Now he has to bakttack or attack KL.  Attacking KL is what tywin (and the tyrells) wants if he's retreating, so that's the last thing he should do, and backtracking is for rookies.  Should they re-march to oxcross and the west?Any time you transport an entire arny to do the work 200 men could do, you look dumb.  How about some scouting?I'd leave a garrison in Harrenhal which any army marching from KL would have to bypass in order to take the direct road north and no one leaves an unclaimed fortress at their rear. The British army attempted that in the Peninsular War and suffered for it.The rest of my men I'd take to Riverrun from where we can regroup, reform and then have the possibilities of moving west and into the Lannister heartland or alternatively march with all strength back to Harrenhal and attack the food supplies at Rosby.The army in Harrenhal would not need to be living off the land which the Lannisters have burned out because of baggage supplies. These provide food and other necessary supplies for an army on campaign. At Harrenhal an army can have shelter and rest, and lets face it all 20,000 men won't be staying there more than a few weeks. A small garrison can feed themselves easier than a large, tired army.Scouting can be unreliable as I don't believe Robb Stark was in possession of radios. The delay between outriders reaching the army from lets say 30 miles ahead doesn't account for variables such as further movement (such as a retreat) or even outriders being intercepted. Moreover, once an army is committed to a movement, they usually have to stick with it due to effects on time (valuable when the campaign season is drawing to a close), effects which are doubled when one is dealing with an army of the size of Robb Stark's.Now as for backtracking, I don't know if you can qualify this as a move for 'rookies'. Armies often make a tactical retreat in order to either live to fight another day or even to draw an enemy into a battle on ground of their own choosing. Examples of this include Wellington and Blucher following the respective battles of Quatre Bras and Ligny and the tactics of the Vietcong/NVA. Now granted, this can on occasion have adverse effects on morale and supply but when the enemy outnumbers your forces this becomes a necessary scenario.
2371	Igziabeher	2013-04-04	If you ignore the books for a moment, and realize that when Arya got to Harrenhall, the dungeons were already full.  The mountain and Co. were torturing the villagers and looking for the brotherhood without banners, not any Starkmen.  So its not a stretch to assume that once Tywin and his bannermen left.  The mountain continued killing off his prisoners, this time in mass and went out to find/fight the Brotherhood.
2372	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-04	If you ignore the books for a moment, and realize that when Arya got to Harrenhall, the dungeons were already full.  The mountain and Co. were torturing the villagers and looking for the brotherhood without banners, not any Starkmen.  So its not a stretch to assume that once Tywin and his bannermen left.  The mountain continued killing off his prisoners, this time in mass and went out to find/fight the Brotherhood.This requires viewers to think and reference older episodes which apparently is a huge no-no.
2373	Igziabeher	2013-04-04	Well all it would require is an introduction of Thoros and Co. next week and a brief explanation that they were fighting the mountain on Ned Stark's request and that would be your closure.
2374	Tadco26	2013-04-04	They were rather lucky that there wasn't an army at Harrenhal, recall in Clash of Kings:Ser Brynden said: "...Tywin Lannister is no man's fool. He sits safe behind the walls of Harrenhal, feeding his host on our harvest and burning what he does not take. Gregor is not the only dog he he's loosed. Ser Amory Lorch in in the field as well, and some sellsword out of Qohor who'd sooner maim a man than kill him. I've seen what they leave behind them. Whole villages put to the torch, women raped and mutilated, butchered children left unburied to draw wolves and wild dogs.. it would sicked even the dead.""When Edmure hears this, he will rage" said Catelyn"And that will be just as Lord Tywin desires. Even terror has it's purpose Cat. Lannister wants to provoke us to battle.""Robb is like to give him his wish" Catelyn said, fretful..."More fool they.  My first rule of war Cat, -never give the enemy his wish.  Lord Tywin would like to fight on a field of his own choosing.  He wants us to march on Harrenhal."Even a small army could likely hold the castle for enough time for Tywin and the Tyrells to come relieve the siege.  The walls and towers were too high to scale, and attacking it would generally be considered suicidal.  The only reason it fell so "easily" in the books is because the released prisoners were already inside and the Bloody Mummers switched sides.Granted Robb implies that the TV version of Harrenhal is merely an undefendable ruin, but that doesn't make much sense either.  Why would either one of them want to capture and hold an undefendable ruin?  Why would Tywin use it as his base of power in the Riverlands if it was so vulnerable to attack?
2375	callmedodge	2013-04-04	Because it is an issue for non-readers as has been brought up multiple times in the thread.Not to mention that Rob looks like a fool for bringing his entire army to lay siege to an empty castle.Well the issue seems to link back to the fact that they either weren`t listening or needed to be spoonfed the info. I missed a point on my list there that I only caught on a rewatch of episode 1 last night:When Arya shows up at Harrenhal in season 2  either Gendry or Hot Pie remarks "what could melt stone like this?" or something to that effect and Arya replies "Dragonfire." Later in the season, she again has a conversation with Tywin over how Harrenhal got destroyed.That`s two instances of remarking how only dragonfire could destroy a castle to such a degree. Sure, Winterfell was set fire to but confusing it with Harrenhal in such a manner is just not adding up the numbers that the show has laid out for the viewer.If the show had`ve explained things further it would`ve made Robb and co. look like exposition dumpers. None of my non-reader friends had trouble with this scene.The Tarly scene, yes, but not Harrenhal.
					
					
							Edited by callmedodge, 04 April 2013 - 08:55 PM.
2376	Black Wolf Smith	2013-04-05	For what its worth, I wasn't sure it was HH. The story is far from the books, and getting further away. Hell have we even meet the Tully's? ( I miss couple minutes)
2377	Hellfell	2013-04-05	We will meet the Tullys in episode 3 I suppose. They will play "loyal supporters" role since Karstark is angry and Roose is reserved in his feelings towards all this mess of a war.
2378	TheDarkOne	2013-04-05	I tend to wonder if they didn't use Harrennhal simply because they still had the set built?
2379	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	This requires viewers to think and reference older episodes which apparently is a huge no-no.Yes, the show gets much criticism for dumbing things down but as soon as you need to think for yourself, and not just reference the book, some of those people start complaining about that as well.
2380	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-05	I tend to wonder if they didn't use Harrennhal simply because they still had the set built?This is obviously a big part. I can write a book and say they're absolutely anywhere as the story sees fit, but filming is an entirely different animal.
2381	SerMixalot	2013-04-05	I guess my confusion arose from Robb stating outside the castle that the Lannisters have been running from him and not fighting him and suddenly there was what I thought was a fight at HH or then prisoners killed by the Mt. Where did those prisoners come from if the Lannisters havent been fighting them as clearly there were soldiers there-Mallister.
2382	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-06	I guess my confusion arose from Robb stating outside the castle that the Lannisters have been running from him and not fighting him and suddenly there was what I thought was a fight at HH or then prisoners killed by the Mt. Where did those prisoners come from if the Lannisters havent been fighting them as clearly there were soldiers there-Mallister.Therre were prisoners at Harrenhall while being held by the Mountain. In S2 they tell you that the dungeons are overflowing and thus they are holding Arya and co. outdoors during the tickling scenes. Those prisoners appear to have been carried out still shackled and then slaughtered prior to the Lannisters leaving.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 06 April 2013 - 12:32 AM.
2383	Loras	2013-04-01	Before I start off on something of a rant, let me qualify my post by saying that I do not think that Minahan is a bad director.  He has directed some of my favourite scenes of the series - including Viserys receiving his golden crown, the end of Septa Mordane and some of the Varys/Ned dungeon scenes.
He also butchered my favourite scene from the books - the scene where Ned confesses to Cersei, which should have been one of the most memorable scenes of the series but isn't.  So it might be that I just hold a grudge.
But I am beginning to wonder whether Minahan really struggles to direct action sequences.  His style when it comes to action is to pepper the viewer with lots of rapid shots - which I find pulls me out a scene.
Am I the only one?
Minahan directed three episodes in season one: â<U+0080>˜A Golden Crownâ<U+0080><U+0099>, â<U+0080>˜You Win or You Dieâ<U+0080><U+0099> and â<U+0080>˜The Pointy Endâ<U+0080><U+0099>.  I have always thought that he struggles with action, particularly in the GRRM penned â<U+0080>˜The Pointy Endâ<U+0080><U+0099>.  His framing of Arya killing the stable boy is (for me) the worst moment of the entire show so far, it took me completely out of the scene.  He also seemed to struggle with the Wight attacking Mormont at Castle Black.  He seems to get quite glitchy during these scenes â<U+0080><U+0093> and cuts about all over the place.
We see this style of direction again in this episode and it pulls the viewer out of both the cold open and the episodeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s climax.  When Sam is running through the snow we are treated to this dark, foreboding snow storm â<U+0080><U+0093> we know why he is running and we are willing him to be ok.  Then he is attacked by the wight and the camera jumps all over the place.  It is a mess.  Dragging us out of the horror of the scene while the director plays with camera angles.  Then the wight is suddenly set on fire... great... and Mormont is standing right beside it?!  The direction is really poor, which leads me to be disappointed in the cold open.
The action at the end is equally poor and choppy.  I hope the idea for Barristan wearing that ridiculous cloak to attempt a classic bait and switch was not his idea.  This would have involved that Barristan and not the little girl was the assassin.  Anyway, the fight with the manticore was just messy â<U+0080><U+0093> sloppy even â<U+0080><U+0093> direction.  We hardly see Dany get pushed for a start.  Again it drags you away from the action and the importance of the sequence.
I sincerely hope that Minahan does not have much action to direct in the next episode.  He just needs to leave the camera alone.  Pick an angle and stick to it.  Rant over â<U+0080><U+0093> until next week I imagine.
Please tell me that I am not alone in this opinion?  The man did some beautiful work in this episode - I just think his action sequences are poor.
2384	Ran	2013-04-01	The Pointy End scene was the result that torrential rainstorms meant that they had, literally, ten minutes to set up and shoot the scene with Arya and the stableboy. Not Minahan's fault.He did what I thought was fantastic work with the duel between Bronn and Vardis, and Robb fighting the wildlings. Very visceral.The Sam scene... is not great. But to me, it's not great because the writers (who were doubtless looking at the budget) decided to go with a pretty soft opening, and then the difficulties of filming in Iceland where you basically have vast snowy spaces and... well, not much else. His options for having Mormont and company show up in the nick of time were limited. (That said, I would have had a Night's Watch archer take it out with a fiery arrow from a distance.)
2385	BlackTalon	2013-04-01	The Selmy/Manticore scene was weird ... he smashes the wooden ball out of Dany's hands, then we see him getting choked out by Ser Jorah ... then all of a sudden Selmy is back and stabs the manticore, pursues the girl and reveals himself to Dany as if he and Jorah hadn't been fighting just ten seconds earlier o_O
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 01 April 2013 - 01:31 PM.
2386	Loras	2013-04-01	The Pointy End scene was the result that torrential rainstorms meant that they had, literally, ten minutes to set up and shoot the scene with Arya and the stableboy. Not Minahan's fault.Ah, I was aware of the storms during the filming, but not that it had hindered this scene in particular.  I still think it would have been much better as a continuous shot from one angle - it is the jumping between angles that brought me out of this scene.He did what I thought was fantastic work with the duel between Bronn and Vardis, and Robb fighting the wildlings. Very visceral.Bronn and Vardis, I thought was excellent.  The best fight scene of the first season - but if you look at the camera work throughout the scene it is very organic.  You feel like you are following the fight around the hall - which is essentially what happens.My main issue is with the fast cuts that disjoint the action sequences.The Sam scene... is not great. But to me, it's not great because the writers (who were doubtless looking at the budget) decided to go with a pretty soft opening, and then the difficulties of filming in Iceland where you basically have vast snowy spaces and... well, not much else. His options for having Mormont and company show up in the nick of time were limited. (That said, I would have had a Night's Watch archer take it out with a fiery arrow from a distance.)The other thing to take into account for this is the extensive use of CGI in this scene.  It is really strange though to not direct John Bradley to look up at Mormont saving him.  For me, this is the reason the cold open falls flat.Look at how atmospheric the opening is until that point: dark, snowy, no visibility.  I loved the shot of Sam running and the wight over the shoulder - but it all falls down after that point.I agree that a flaming arrow would have made much more sense.
2387	WTFSalami	2013-04-01	The Selmy/Manticore scene was weird ... he smashes the wooden ball out of Dany's hands, then we see him getting choked out by Ser Jorah ... then all of a sudden Selmy is back and stabs the manticore, pursues the girl and reveals himself to Dany as if he and Jorah hadn't been fighting just ten seconds earlier o_OYeah I still haven't figured that out. Why wouldn't they show us a shot of Selmy pushing Jorah to the ground? It was really strange how one second you see Jorah holding Selmy back, and then it cuts to Selmy walking as if he'd never been touched to stab the manticore. Very weird sequence of events. It didn't help that the CGI manticore looked really bad. Not sure why a real scorpion couldn't have been used for that shot, but oh well.
2388	pleonasm	2013-04-01	I hated the opening sequence. It needed to accomplish one key thing:
1. Demonstrate that the White Walkers (The Others) are threat not just to the Nights Watch, but potentially the entire realm.
Instead we get a heavily green screened scene with Sam and Mormont standing around with some bloodied extras. I don't blame the director as much as I do the writers. It was a no win scenario. Yes - I understand the constraints of budget, but even if they couldn't show the full battle, perhaps they should have focused in on the chaos of the Night's Watch in full retreat. A night scene, in the woods, with lots of quick action (Rangers getting massacred, full on panic, etc...). Mormont amazed at the sight of Sam alive running at full speed away from a threat.
The manticore assasination attempt was pretty lame in the book as well. This might have been the time to rewrite that scene so its the creepy girl, whispering she is sorry, who then attempts to attack Danny and then is subsequently killed by Selmy. Would have been far more dramatic and compelling.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 01 April 2013 - 01:47 PM.
2389	Loras	2013-04-01	Yeah I still haven't figured that out. Why wouldn't they show us a shot of Selmy pushing Jorah to the ground? It was really strange how one second you see Jorah holding Selmy back, and then it cuts to Selmy walking as if he'd never been touched to stab the manticore. Very weird sequence of events. It didn't help that the CGI manticore looked really bad. Not sure why a real scorpion couldn't have been used for that shot, but oh well.The whole sequence suffered because of the bait-and-switch.  Thinking that Barristan was the assassin because he was wearing a big black cloak, when it was in fact the little girl.  In fact, if it had just been played normally and Barristan was costumed like everybody else, then most of the sequence would have been fine.The quick cuts were really confusing at this point - what actually happened?  It moves far too quickly. It doesn't even look like Dany was pushed to the ground!Ran... I don't know if you can help me with this but...
	Spoiler Is the Brienne and Jaime fight in the second episode?  If so, I am worried for how it is going to turn out visually.
2390	Aapo	2013-04-01	Looking back "drama scenes" like Tywin/Tyrion and dinner between Joff, Cersei etc Minahan was brilliant. Lighting, different angles and focus points gave thrilling athmos. I also enjoyed prologue / Sam scene despite the fact that this wight was more like 28 days later ADHD-type compared to previous guys.
Selmy/Manticore assassination ... ugh. Awful, rushed and fake as you have pointed out how Selmy is at one point grabbed by Mormont and suddenly killing that poor CGI manticore. Selmy's speech later on made me forgot that bad taste.
2391	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	The Selmy/Manticore scene was weird ... he smashes the wooden ball out of Dany's hands, then we see him getting choked out by Ser Jorah ... then all of a sudden Selmy is back and stabs the manticore, pursues the girl and reveals himself to Dany as if he and Jorah hadn't been fighting just ten seconds earlier o_OI thought the same. In my head, Jorah let him go in order to save/help Dany but Selmy got there first. And all of it happened faster.
2392	Bearsblood8	2013-04-01	Moved to appropriate thread...
					
					
							Edited by Bearsblood8, 01 April 2013 - 02:53 PM.
2393	Reposado	2013-04-01	The Selmy/Manticore scene was weird ... he smashes the wooden ball out of Dany's hands, then we see him getting choked out by Ser Jorah ... then all of a sudden Selmy is back and stabs the manticore, pursues the girl and reveals himself to Dany as if he and Jorah hadn't been fighting just ten seconds earlier o_Othat was very weird. it also made it seem as if the assassins are thinking too hard. seems very easy to approach dany with a knife. and that such an attempt would have a much greater likelihood of success than the completely unmenacing bug
2394	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I hated the opening sequence. It needed to accomplish one key thing:1. Demonstrate that the White Walkers (The Others) are threat not just to the Nights Watch, but potentially the entire realm.Instead we get a heavily green screened scene with Sam and Mormont standing around with some bloodied extras. I don't blame the director as much as I do the writers. It was a no win scenario. Yes - I understand the constraints of budget, but even if they couldn't show the full battle, perhaps they should have focused in on the chaos of the Night's Watch in full retreat. A night scene, in the woods, with lots of quick action (Rangers getting massacred, full on panic, etc...). Mormont amazed at the sight of Sam alive running at full speed away from a threat.The manticore assasination attempt was pretty lame in the book as well. This might have been the time to rewrite that scene so its the creepy girl, whispering she is sorry, who then attempts to attack Danny and then is subsequently killed by Selmy. Would have been far more dramatic and compelling.The manitcore scene was lame in the book, but the editing for that sequence was very strange...if they want to remind us that Selmy is still a badass...why not show how he gets away from Jorah instead of the weird cuts?  Manitcore was very strange looking.
2395	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Bronn/Vardis was great, but I also felt that the shots during Robb and the wildlings was a little bit off. Ditto with Dany's assassination attempt. But apart from that, I felt that pretty much every other scene was just fine. It's just the fast cuts during his action sequences that bother me a little. They don't really gel well with the show's overall filming style. Compare Robb and the wildlings to any of the fighting sequences in Blackwater. The latter feels more at home with the show's camerawork. 
Offtopic, but IMO, the best action sequence director the show has used is Neil Marshall. They should just get him to direct any battles from now on. And judging by her work in Breaking Bad, I think Michelle MacLaren will be able to pull of action scenes really well. I can't wait to see how the bear pit scene is directed. 
(Hell, based on her work in BB, I wouldn't be surprised if Michelle MacLaren uses POV shots during sex scenes /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)
2396	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-02	I can only hope we get some flashbacks to the fist in the form nightmares or something...
The Jorah/Selmy faff was like...uh...ok...
Editor/continuity guy nut have been napping
2397	victim	2013-04-02	The opening scene was a fault with the writing. I would have preferred if it happened like this:
- Sam is running.
- He finds the fallen Nights Watchman, who turns into a Wight before his eyes. 
- The Wight attacks, and Sam falls to the ground, terrified. 
- The Wight is set on fire from behind by Mormont. 
If they had of blocked it like this, it would have made more sense in terms of everyone coming from the same direction. It was just a little confusing.
I had no problem with the Barristan/Manticore scene.
2398	cade	2013-04-02	The cutaway from Jorah restraining Barristan to then the very next we see of Barristan is him stabbing the Manticore was so bizarre, can't understand the rationale for that, and it totally took me out of the scene. I also agree with many other criticisms of Minihan's work. On a positive but offtopic note, I'm super excited to see David Nutter's work on the final two episodes of this season. He's one of my all-time favorite tv directors.
2399	Runaway Penguin	2013-04-02	The Manticore scene suffered from leaving out Belwas, as it was he who fought with Mormont and Selmy had ground to himself. Fighting with staff would also be more catchy than knifing the manticore IMO...
2400	Loras	2013-04-02	The Manticore scene suffered from leaving out Belwas, as it was he who fought with Mormont and Selmy had ground to himself. Fighting with staff would also be more catchy than knifing the manticore IMO...The cutaway from Jorah restraining Barristan to then the very next we see of Barristan is him stabbing the Manticore was so bizarre, can't understand the rationale for that, and it totally took me out of the scene. I also agree with many other criticisms of Minihan's work. On a positive but offtopic note, I'm super excited to see David Nutter's work on the final two episodes of this season. He's one of my all-time favorite tv directors.Yeah, it was all a bit messy and confusing.  The staging of the entire scene was a bit suspect though.I am very excited to have Nutter back, he did a great job last year.  Also Alik Sakharov - his episode was wonderful.I am a bit worried for episode 2 though... spoiler from the promo:
	Spoiler It looks like Minahan is directing the Brienne/Jaime fight.  I really hope he does a good job.
2401	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-02	I was weirded out by Selmy's teleportation abilities too. One second he's being held by Mormont, the next he's stabbing the manticore. So obviously a shot of him escaping the bear's clutches is missing.
But then what is Mormont doing? Is he just standing back and watching this Obe-Wan impersonator advance on Danny with a blade? Its not like Selmy even seemed in much of a rush. They either forgot to shoot some stuff on the day, or its just a terrible job of editing the scene together.
					
					
							Edited by Throng of Mice and Mire, 02 April 2013 - 11:43 PM.
2402	I do not sew	2013-04-03	Am I the only one who thought the manticore looked awesome? Loved the false face, the vibrant colors. Very cool.
2403	SerMilady	2013-04-03	Am I the only one who thought the manticore looked awesome? Loved the false face, the vibrant colors. Very cool.Yeah... I honestly can't see how anyone can call it "badly CGI'd", that's some of the best CGI you're like to get on a TV show.
2404	Teren_Kanan	2013-04-03	He also butchered my favourite scene from the books - the scene where Ned confesses to Cersei, which should have been one of the most memorable scenes of the series but isn't.  So it might be that I just hold a grudge.I agree with pretty much all of what you have said, and what has been said in this thread. But this line made me curious. How was that scene butchered? The scene was like identical from the books, kind of like the Tyrion/Tywin scene in this episode was.
2405	I do not sew	2013-04-03	Yeah... I honestly can't see how anyone can call it "badly CGI'd", that's some of the best CGI you're like to get on a TV show.Agreed and contrary to a few people's suggestions, if they had just used a scorpion that's when I would have called bullshit.
2406	The Dragon has three heads	2013-04-03	Manticore was cool, no doubt. But the scene it was in was badly edited.
I'm not quite sure how d and d let it go through to the keeper like that...
2407	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	I was weirded out by Selmy's teleportation abilities too. One second he's being held by Mormont, the next he's stabbing the manticore. So obviously a shot of him escaping the bear's clutches is missing.But then what is Mormont doing? Is he just standing back and watching this Obe-Wan impersonator advance on Danny with a blade? Its not like Selmy even seemed in much of a rush. They either forgot to shoot some stuff on the day, or its just a terrible job of editing the scene together.Yeah, I was super confused as well. The first time I watched it I wanted to scream, "Jorah! Your Khaleesi is in trouble; why aren't you helping?! Protecting her is your one job!!"  Then when I rewatched the episode I had to squint, but I saw that Jorah is busy restraining the cloaked Selmy, who has a knife.  But then he apparently just kinda lets go of Selmy and sits back watching the action, eating popcorn.  Maybe Selmy used a jujitsu move to get out of Jorah's hold, off camera and Jorah is reeling, seeing stars.  That's all I can think of.Am I the only one who thought the manticore looked awesome? Loved the false face, the vibrant colors. Very cool.I loved the creepiness of the hooded figure, the adorable girl, the mysterious ball and the scary manticore.  I thought it all added up to nightmarish feeling of paranoia, despite the botched action sequence.  If you haven't read the books, you think that the hooded guy is in on it until the last minute.  I loved the blue mouth, the evil hiss and the warlock's escape.
2408	Khal Pono	2013-04-03	I agree with pretty much all of what you have said, and what has been said in this thread. But this line made me curious. How was that scene butchered? The scene was like identical from the books, kind of like the Tyrion/Tywin scene in this episode was.No, the scene in the book is better (and longer, of course).  Cersei sort of comes onto Ned, and he rejects her, and she slaps him, and he says "I'll wear that like a badge of honor." It's pretty cool.
2409	Loras	2013-04-03	I just think that Minahan makes a lot of poor decisions during the sequence - particularly at the start.  We have wide shot followed by upward PoV shot, followed by wide shot, followed by PoV shot.  
Then we get a few 'from the foliage' shots.  It is like a tennis match - back and forth, back and forth.  I just don't think he captured how intimate the scene is meant to be.  Cersei lays herself bare, he makes it a competition.  I don't think Minahan understands the scene at all.  Compare it to the Cersei/Cat scene from 'The Kingsroad' and you'll see what I mean.
Fwiw I don't really like the location either.
2410	BlackTalon	2013-04-03	Am I the only one who thought the manticore looked awesome? Loved the false face, the vibrant colors. Very cool.No, you're not. It looked nightmarish and the CGi was great. I paused the HD video on my laptop and looked at it really closely, even then it was barely possible to tell it was not real (the shadow it threw looked a bit dodgy and one got the impression that it barely touched the ground on its tiptoes, but other than that it was great).The false face was a great nod to the scene in the books.  Over on TWOP one of the Unsullied was freaked out by how "the headless scorpion suddenly popped out its head on a stalk", LOL!
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 03 April 2013 - 06:31 AM.
2411	Throng of Mice and Mire	2013-04-03	I didn't really like that it rose out of the ball like a terminator out of an explosion and posed for a hero moment rather than acting like an animal and I didn't like that Danny lay there with her face next to it for an exorbitantly long time. But the CG was fine.
2412	Net-Viper X	2013-04-03	I thought the scorpion looked fine but it was how Barristan acted that ruined the scene for me. They had him hunched over doing this evil villian tip toe walk with that dagger and it justed looked very silly. Then he continued to use that walk when he chased after the girl/warlock, it just didn't look natural at all and gave the impression that the director was trying way to hard to make us think Barristan was a bad guy to the point of turning him into an evil cartoon character.
2413	BlackTalon	2013-04-04	As someone who used to collect knives and was interested in the technique and tactics of knife fighting I was also a bit annoyed by how Ser Barristan was holding the knife. No one who knows the least bit about knife fighting would ever hold his knife in a grip like that. The "ice pick" grip is strictly for dramatic movie scenes and pretty much useless for anything else.
2414	Sun	2013-04-04	I agree, the action sequences in this episode were a bit of a mess. The final scene, the fight and the Barristan reveal, was extremely off both in the direction and the scoring.
					
					
							Edited by Sun, 05 April 2013 - 12:59 AM.
2415	DragonAge93	2013-04-04	The manticore did look amazing. Really good CGI. Be thankful we didn't get "BBC CGI" where the CGI doesn't even blend into the environment right, and looks terribly rendered. They did fantastic with it, IMO.
But the cuts were out of whack, I agree. We don't even really see Dany fall to the ground, and they should've shown Selmy maybe elbowing Jorah to get free to stab the manticore. Or maybe Jorah saw the manticore, froze, and that's when Selmy sprang into action. Either or, it could've been handled better.
2416	cade	2013-04-04	I didn't really like that it rose out of the ball like a terminator out of an explosion and posed for a hero moment rather than acting like an animal and I didn't like that Danny lay there with her face next to it for an exorbitantly long time. But the CG was fine. This is something that has bothered me in so many action sequences across tv/film, the way directors have actors look at incoming danger for far too long. But I liked the Manticore CG.
2417	hazlnut	2013-04-05	He also butchered my favourite scene from the books - the scene where Ned confesses to Cersei, which should have been one of the most memorable scenes of the series but isn't.  So it might be that I just hold a grudge.How exactly was the scene "butchered"?
2418	Hellfell	2013-04-05	I'm worried about brienne/Jaime fight. From a preview video, it looks like she casually fends off his attacks then she advances in relaxed position, disarms him and Jaime falls to the ground. 
In books it was a really close fight and a draw at the end. Jaime manages to stand his ground even though he spent several months in captivity
2419	Abaddon	2013-04-05	As someone who used to collect knives and was interested in the technique and tactics of knife fighting I was also a bit annoyed by how Ser Barristan was holding the knife. No one who knows the least bit about knife fighting would ever hold his knife in a grip like that. The "ice pick" grip is strictly for dramatic movie scenes and pretty much useless for anything else.How many knife fights have you had with a scorpion?  I can imagine it'd be useful for stabbing a small creature on the ground, at least...
2420	BlackTalon	2013-04-05	He was already holding the knife like that when Dany hadn't even opened the ball yet, and he went after the child holding the knife in the same manner.
2421	Abaddon	2013-04-05	Fair enough, I've only seen it once and didn't remember that.  In any case I wouldn't expect the show to be very accurate in terms of faithfully representing armed combat, but I get that it would be grating if you have any practical experience.
2422	Logodnica	2013-04-03	I was struck by Tywin saying "The next whore I find in your bed, I'll hang"
I know he made a similar threat in the book, but is Tywin being set up to
	Spoiler  actually hang Shae after the trial in Season 4?  Are D&D cutting out the whole Tysha sub-plot and turning Shae's hanging into the reason Tyron kills Tywin. 

Because that would be a huge deviation from Tyron's plot and would really gut the complexity in the relationship between Tyron & Tywin, and Tyron & Jamie
2423	Thendel	2013-04-04	I hope not; Tyrion learning the truth about Tysha is instrumental to how his story arc develops, and it'd be butchery to his character to leave that out. And from I've seen so far, Tyrion is being depicted as becoming increasingly bitter and disillusioned, which ties in very neatly with his story arc in Storm.
For those reasons, I'm fairly certain that Tyrion will off Shae himself.
2424	scurvy	2013-04-04	I think it was an interesting reverse foreshadowing.  Tyrion essentially hangs Shae with the chain in Tywin's bed.
Given the video evidence that Talisa may be a Lannister spy and Tywin placing her in Robb's bed, Twyin placing Shae in Tyrion's bed to bring him information while Tyrion was in KL makes a lot of sense, both from the text and from the show's perspective.
2425	Logodnica	2013-04-04	I hope you're right.  It truly would be butchery to 
	Spoiler  remove the Tysha storyline from Tyron 

But the show is already cutting out a lot.  And the actor who plays Tywin has said over and over again that the show's Tywin is a very different character than the books' Tywin.  How different are we going here? I think we'll know for sure at  
	Spoiler  Tyron's wedding episode.  If he tells Sansa that during his first wedding they collapsed giggling into the bed, then we'll know that the Tysha stoyline is being included. 
 If that doesn't happen, then there's no point in pretending any longer that the show will follow the books.
2426	Darryk	2013-04-04	There have been minor deviations, very minor deviations in the story so far.
There's been nothing to imply they would make a deviation that huge.
2427	Ahead	2013-04-04	DidnÂ´t Tyrion already set the Tysha Sub Plot up? IIRC he tells Bron and Shae about it in S1 and Bron states specificly that he would kill the man who did something like this to him. I took this as a hint that this topic isnÂ´t finished buisness to Tyrion.
2428	gibbles545	2013-04-04	I don't think they are going to do that otherwise I can't really see why they would have mentioned Tysha in the first season, and then have Bronn say "I would have killed the man that did that to me".
2429	Logodnica	2013-04-04	Good points about mentioning her in Season 1.  That makes me feel better.
2430	rodrik Cassel	2013-04-04	yeah but they showed ser dontos too....
2431	rystine	2013-04-04	Tyrion and Tysha's story was definitely part of season 1.  In fact if I recall correctly, when Peter Dinklage won the Emmy, that was the episode that was submitted for his nomination.  So it's not too far fetched to think that he won for that scene in particular.
I know alot of people are worried that Tyrion and Shae are getting a little too involved 
	Spoiler to make her betrayal of him and his murder of her believable.  But here's some perspective on Tyrion and Shae's story in the show so far:  Tyrion murdering Shae and Tywin will probably happen near the end of season 4, around the 40th overall episode of the series.  As of right now there have only been 21 episodes, only 13 of which Shae has been in.  This means that there are probably another 18 or 19 episodes to go before Tyrion murders her.  PLENTY of time for their story to flesh out and get to the point where they can betray each other
  Seriously, there is no need to worry about that yet.
Somewhat OT, apologies if I ever come across as short tempered in this or other threads like this.  But one of my biggest pet peeves regarding the show is when people start complaining about changes being made from the books, when we don't have any idea if they are going to make those changes in the first place.  For example last season when the Reeds and Reek weren't part of the story in Winterfell I remember there being a ton of people complaining that Meera, Jojen, and Ramsay had been completely eliminated from the show.  And now this season, lo and behold we have all of them.
2432	Set_Gecko	2013-04-04	Remember that Tysha is introduced to us and we are made care for her mainly through Jyrion's dialogues in his head with himself. If Tyrion kills Tywin for Tysha - which the audience has almost no familiriaty with - everybody will be like WHAT. That tension with Tyrion constantly reminiscing her in his head is building up in the book only - it is really hard to do it in the series. So yeah, I think that they will hang Shae and thats why Tyrion kills Tywyin. Good observation
2433	Set_Gecko	2013-04-04	Yeah yeah, Tysha was mentioned in season 1, but seriously, who remembers it now? Tysha will get a passing mention to bring the little cute pay off on Bronn's line "I would kill the man who did that to me", but it will not be the main reason. It just won't work for TV audince who do not have access to the thoughts of the characters. Just imagine yourself not having read the books, and you see something so IMPORTANT and DRASTIC as Tyrion killing his own father, who so happens to be another major character with respectable screen time, imagine this be explained by some conversation in season 1 which you forgot as soon as you heard it, because it didnt mean anything to you, and which was never mentioned again. That simply will not work
2434	protar	2013-04-04	Well there's plenty of time for them to bring Tysha up again. Two whole seasons. If D+D are smart then I don't see why they'd neglect to do that unless they have major deviations planned.
2435	rystine	2013-04-04	But it wasn't just mentioned in one throw-away line from the first season.  It was the centerpiece of a fairly long scene that was obviously important backstory for Tyrion's character.  And Cersei mentions it again in the second season, when she's taken Ros prisoner and asks Tyrion if he's "married this one yet".
The story of Tysha is clearly part of the show.  If viewers don't remember it, that's their fault, not the show's.
2436	jons nissa	2013-04-04	But it wasn't just mentioned in one throw-away line from the first season.  It was the centerpiece of a fairly long scene that was obviously important backstory for Tyrion's character.  And Cersei mentions it again in the second season, when she's taken Ros prisoner and asks Tyrion if he's "married this one yet".The story of Tysha is clearly part of the show.  If viewers don't remember it, that's their fault, not the show's.Remember that Tysha is introduced to us and we are made care for her mainly through Jyrion's dialogues in his head with himself. If Tyrion kills Tywin for Tysha - which the audience has almost no familiriaty with - everybody will be like WHAT. That tension with Tyrion constantly reminiscing her in his head is building up in the book only - it is really hard to do it in the series. So yeah, I think that they will hang Shae and thats why Tyrion kills Tywyin. Good observationtrue, it was mentioned already but i agree with set_gecko, tysha was made important to readers in a way that has not happened on the show. it will most likely be many things that lead tyrion to do the dirty deed: tysha, his father's blatant refusal to give him casterly rock  (viewers will remember that scene!), perhaps the show will show more of tywin's coercion to wed and, more importantly, bed, sansa, and then finally killing shae. that will allow tyrion to have motive while maintaining some sympathy on the part of viewers: he was driven to it. the show has definitely whitewashed tyrion but some things have to happen for his development to continue as it has in the books so i believe it will play out like this. to make matters worse, shae is being made into more of a lover/friend so her murder will be just the right motive and justification for tyrion's actions.
2437	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-04	He used that line in the book as well
2438	rystine	2013-04-04	true, it was mentioned already but i agree with set_gecko, tysha was made important to readers in a way that has not happened on the show.But Tysha has been made important in the show.  As I said, it's the fault of the viewer if they are not able to pick that up.  And there is still the scene where Jaime releases Tyrion from the dungeons to refresh that story to people minutes before he confronts Shae and Tywin.  it will most likely be many things that lead tyrion to do the dirty deed: tysha, his father's blatant refusal to give him casterly rock  (viewers will remember that scene!),  Why will viewers remember the scene where Tywin refuses to give Tyrion Casterly Rock but they won't remember the scene that Tyrion tells the story of Tysha?  In any case, Tyrion won't need any more motivation to kill his father, there's already plenty.  And showing Shae betray Tyrion at his trial and finding her in Tywin's bed will be all the motivation he needs to kill her as well.  That was all the motivation he had in the books after all. the show has definitely whitewashed tyrion but some things have to happen for his development to continue as it has in the books so i believe it will play out like this. to make matters worse, shae is being made into more of a lover/friend so her murder will be just the right motive and justification for tyrion's actions.No doubt the show has whitewashed Tyrion, and the Tyrion of right now wouldn't kill Shae.  But as I said before there are still almost 2 full seasons of material to show Tyrion and Shae's relationship becoming more fleshed out.  Do people not believe that the characters can develop beyond where they are right now?
2439	Conchobar	2013-04-04	I hope not as well, that would suck.
2440	DragonAge93	2013-04-04	Well, also, Shae did say "Don't trust anybody. Life is safer that way." I took that as a sign she doesn't trust Tyrion, and has some secret agenda of her own.
And we don't really know why Shae was in Tywin's bed in the book. Maybe she was forced to betray him, and to stay alive decided to sleep with Tywin. Maybe in the book she was telling the truth before Tyrion killed her. I don't think they'd change Tyrion killing Shae. It's a big moment for his character, as is his subsequent killing of Tywin as well. I think the "Next whore I find I'll hang" was a bit of irony in that Tywin will be in bed with her himself, which will come as a shock to viewers, since Tywin has constantly hated whores, and yet is now in bed with one.
2441	Queen of Whores	2013-04-05	If Tyrion doesn't kill Shae I'll probably stop watching the show, however grudgingly. Along with killing Tywin and his failed marriage to Tysha, it's probably one of his most important and life-changing decisions.
2442	Woman of War	2013-04-05	But the showmakers  had altered the Tysha story in one important aspect at  that episode from S1: as far as I remember Tyrion did not tell that he "went last" with Tysha - or am I wrong?
This is an understandable change since they have aged up all characters and Tyrion was, as far as I remember, sixteen in the series when he married Tysha. So he was not the child anymore that was sexually abused by his father who forced him into unwanted sexual activity of the most violent kind. Someone who has to bear his part of guilt but is a victim of sexual assault first of all. Tyrion, at sixteen, could have been expected to show more courage and standing against his father than  thirteen year old little Tyrion. So making him "go last" with Tysha would have painted Tyrion far darker than in the books since a sixteen year old is no child anymore and would bear far more guilt for his part in the rape of Tysha.
This also would not contrast his behaviour with Tysha so clearly to not raping Sansa at his father's command, as Martin had intended in the books. 
But if Tysha as important motivation should disappear from Tyrion's storyline we can as well stop all speculation that Tyrion will ever meet Tysha, be endangered by the presentation of a FakeTysha or anyone will find Tysha in order to annull whatever marriage since I do not think that D&D will alter the story's ending for the important protagonists that Martin has given to them. A character that disappears from the story can't have any implications on the final outcome.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 05 April 2013 - 07:15 AM.
2443	Mr Smith	2013-04-05	I'll be severely disappointed if Tywin were to kill Shae rather than Tyrion. That whole sequence where he goes into his father's bed chamber, kills Shae, then moves on to his father is probably the single most important sequence for Tyrion's development as a character. Its also possibly my favourite moment from ASoS, and it would be absolutely criminal to change it.
2444	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-05	If Tyrion doesn't kill Shae I'll probably stop watching the show, however grudgingly. Along with killing Tywin and his failed marriage to Tysha, it's probably one of his most important and life-changing decisions.I don't think him killing Shae was that important. The lesson from that was already learned during the trial and him killing her was just the effect of that lesson, not a lesson itself. The lesson of that scene was all about Tywin as I see it, and Shae being there put Tywin and all his harsh words in a different light.That said I do of course want Tyrion to kill Shae so things go as in the book. My only gripe is that they'll stick with the strangling, which wouldn't have killed Shae (you need to strangle someone for several minutes after they pass out in order to kill the person).
2445	Abaddon	2013-04-05	I hope you're right.  It truly would be butchery to 
	Spoiler  remove the Tysha storyline from Tyron 
They spent a LOT of time with the story of Tysha (with a minor edit) in S1.  Why would they do that if they weren't going to follow it through to its conclusion?  Doesn't make sense.
2446	Abaddon	2013-04-05	I don't think him killing Shae was that important. The lesson from that was already learned during the trial and him killing her was just the effect of that lesson, not a lesson itself. The lesson of that scene was all about Tywin as I see it, and Shae being there put Tywin and all his harsh words in a different light.Tyrion killing Shae is terribly important.  Killing his father is justifiable, Shae not so much.  I think the "whitewashing" complaints about Tyrion are a little over-the-top but if he doesn't kill Shae I'll be right there with the rest of them howling about it.
2447	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-03	My first topic post here. I apologize if this has been discussed elsewhere already, but I myself have yet to see the thread or read a post mentioning it.So I thought for those like myself who are aware of the "Mad Aerys and Joanna Lannister = Tyrion" theory, that it was perhaps of note that in the episode Tywin says to Tyrion the since "I cannot prove you are not my son" line. Though I haven't recently re-read the corresponding chapter in Book 3, I did think I recognized the line as being taken directly from the text. But although the whole scene more or less was taken right from the GRRM's original text, I did think it was rather notable, and suggestive, that D&D saw fit to make sure this particular line made it into the episode. Given that A) they know the broad strokes of the final two books, and their most important secrets/reveals, and thus whether or not A+J=T B] they typically IMO rarely seem to include those dear lines us book fans scrutinize endlessly for theory clues (because they are most often not ever plainly in the dialogue of a dramatic scene worth adapting), and yet C) do when they can give the hints and teases they can about whats to come (their version of the House of the Undying), I think its reasonable to think that if the theory is true, this line was very deliberately included, and that vice versa, its inclusion gives further suggestion of the possible truth of that theory.It may be a stretch, but it's something I for one am seriously thinking about.
2448	Ran	2013-04-03	Reading tea leaves on whether their sticking to the dialog of a scene as written in the book somehow hints something invites nothing but insanity, IMO. It's a good line, since it shows the depths of Tywin's loathing.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 03 April 2013 - 04:21 AM.
2449	boojam	2013-04-03	My first topic post here. I apologize if this has been discussed elsewhere already, but I myself have yet to see the thread or read a post mentioning it.So I thought for those like myself who are aware of the "Mad Aerys and Joanna Lannister = Tyrion" theory, that it was perhaps of note that in the episode Tywin says to Tyrion the since "I cannot prove you are not my son" line. Though I haven't recently re-read the corresponding chapter in Book 3, I did think I recognized the line as being taken directly from the text. But although the whole scene more or less was taken right from the GRRM's original text, I did think it was rather notable, and suggestive, that D&D saw fit to make sure this particular line made it into the episode. Given that A) they know the broad strokes of the final two books, and their most important secrets/reveals, and thus whether or not A+J=T B] they typically IMO rarely seem to include those dear lines us book fans scrutinize endlessly for theory clues (because they are most often not ever plainly in the dialogue of a dramatic scene worth adapting), and yet C) do when they can give the hints and teases they can about whats to come (their version of the House of the Undying), I think its reasonable to think that if the theory is true, this line was very deliberately included, and that vice versa, its inclusion gives further suggestion of the possible truth of that theory.It may be a stretch, but it's something I for one am seriously thinking about.Well first and foremost George is a sterling story teller.And he can write some very dynamite dialog, D and D have pulled some of it in a lot of places from the books.But, as Ran says, trying to divine that GRRM has any deeper meaning or hidden agenda , is, I think, more a construct of the minds of some readers.George has created some arc mysteries that are confounding , some we have clues for , some I discern GRRM has not figured out yet.
2450	scurvy	2013-04-03	I preferred the- "The next whore I find in your bed, I'll hang" better.For hands of gold are always cold, but a woman's hands are warm.
					
					
							Edited by scurvy, 03 April 2013 - 06:32 AM.
2451	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	I agree it was more to show just how much he hates his son, especially since there are so many theories that Tyrion may be his only trueborn child, so in a way lines like that portray a deep irony if those theories are true,
2452	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Your argument is plausible, particularly as I think Martin leaves one-line clues and hints throughout his books. I guess we'll have to wait and see if they include other possible clues from the books; I remember there being one or two from Barristan in ADwD
2453	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	Reading tea leaves on whether their sticking to the dialog of a scene as written in the book somehow hints something invites nothing but insanity, IMO. It's a good line, since it shows the depths of Tywin's loathing.I agree with your opinion here.Tywin despises his son (because Tyrion's being a dwarf) and this is the first time they face each other after Blackwater. Tywin just took the chance to tell Tyrion how he really feels about him. He begins his "speech" quite neutral when he talks about giving Tyrion an office worthy of Tyrion's titles (and, of course, house) and a wife, and in the end, he becomes rather personal.
2454	Lady Winter Rose	2013-04-03	This dialogue is in books. Stop whining and cheers. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2455	Reposado	2013-04-03	i don't think it adds any weight to the existing theory. some lines from the book make it on screen directly, some don't.
2456	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	This dialogue is in books. Stop whining and cheers. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I don't whine about it. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I love that scene. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2457	King of Winters	2013-04-03	I don't whine about it. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I love that scene. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />It's probably one of the best scenes in the episode
2458	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	It's probably one of the best scenes in the episodeYes, definitely. Not only because it's so true to the books, but because of the actors who do such a great job there. One could feel that intensity when watching the scene.
2459	Tadco26	2013-04-03	It seems likely that if Tywin even had the slightest proof or suspicion that Tyrion really wasn't his, he would have used the excuse to get rid of him long ago.  He also would have likely had significantly different feelings towards his wife and her passing if he suspected she cheated on him.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 03 April 2013 - 08:03 AM.
2460	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	It seems likely that if Tywin even had the slightest proof or suspicion that Tyrion really wasn't his, he would have used the excuse to get rid of him long ago.  He also would have likely had significantly different feelings towards his wife and her passing if he suspected she cheated on him.I've always wanted to know more about Tywin and Johanna. Other than the passage we get about Tywin and his smile, and some comments from Cersei etc, we really know nothing about her.
2461	Monday	2013-04-03	It seems likely that if Tywin even had the slightest proof or suspicion that Tyrion really wasn't his, he would have used the excuse to get rid of him long ago.  He also would have likely had significantly different feelings towards his wife and her passing if he suspected she cheated on him.I think the general consensus is that if J+A=T, it is likely because Aerys raped her, not an affair. He was a known rapist.
2462	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	It seems likely that if Tywin even had the slightest proof or suspicion that Tyrion really wasn't his, he would have used the excuse to get rid of him long ago.  He also would have likely had significantly different feelings towards his wife and her passing if he suspected she cheated on him.I agree to that. Tywin is not the type of man who'd take cheating that lightly.
2463	rumple9	2013-04-03	SPOILERIn Dance with Dragons Barristan Selmy tells the story of how when Tywin and Johanna married, King Aerys took up the "lords right" in the bedding. Whether or not they actually had sex is another matter, but it could mean that twins Cersei and Jaime are Aerys illegitimate children, not Lannisters - look to their white hair, also the fact that Cersei is mad like Aerys and Cersei/Jaime's incest would all fit with them being Targs, so I think it unlikely Tyrion being the youngest is also Aerys child.GGRM is wicked !
2464	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	SPOILER
	Spoiler In Dance with Dragons Barristan Selmy tells the story of how when Tywin and Johanna married, King Aerys took up the "lords right" in the bedding. Whether or not they actually had sex is another matter, but it could mean that twins Cersei and Jaime are Aerys illegitimate children, not Lannisters - look to their white hair, also the fact that Cersei is mad like Aerys and Cersei/Jaime's incest would all fit with them being Targs, so I think it unlikely Tyrion being the youngest is also Aerys child.
That would also make sense. The "ius prima noctae" is still valid and practiced in Westeros, I guess.GGRM is wicked !/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />He's a great author. Spinning his webs and clues like a spider. ,o)
2465	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	SPOILERIn Dance with Dragons Barristan Selmy tells the story of how when Tywin and Johanna married, King Aerys took up the "lords right" in the bedding. Whether or not they actually had sex is another matter, but it could mean that twins Cersei and Jaime are Aerys illegitimate children, not Lannisters - look to their white hair, also the fact that Cersei is mad like Aerys and Cersei/Jaime's incest would all fit with them being Targs, so I think it unlikely Tyrion being the youngest is also Aerys child.GGRM is wicked !I thought he said it was a shame the Lord's Right had been abolished and that's where the speculation comes from, not that he actually told Tywin he was going to rape his bride?
2466	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	That would also make sense. The "ius prima noctae" is still valid and practiced in Westeros, I guess. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />He's a great author. Spinning his webs and clues like a spider. ,o)I know who Varys must be based on! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2467	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	I thought he said it was a shame the Lord's Right had been abolished and that's where the speculation comes from, not that he actually told Tywin he was going to rape his bride?Oh. Was it abolished? I wasn't aware of that. But maybe again this abolition wasn't/isn't known to all nobles. Or they ignore the abolition at their will. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />I know who Varys must be based on! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> Yes, indeed.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Tyrion, 03 April 2013 - 08:40 AM.
2468	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Yes, it was abolished by Queen Alysanne who convinced her husband to abolish it, making her much loved by the smallfolk.
As we know, some houses still practice this in secret as it is so frowned upon (IE. Ramsay's conception)
2469	cybobbie	2013-04-03	I agree with the ones that say that he used the remark just to show one more time that he despises Tyrion, because if he had any chance to raise any tiny proof that Tyrion wasn't his son he would use it and send Tyrion away. On the other hand, I didn't get while reading the books that Barristan Selmy story raises the possibility that Cersei and Jaime can be Aerys's. But again, we will have to wait and see what GRRM will bring about it. Despite the fact that it could make sense, I don't like too much the idea that they both have Targaryen blood.
2470	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-03	It is a possibility, but I prefer to think that Cersei, Jamie, and Tyrion are his legitimate children. The greatest irony is that the son he despises is the cleverest and most like him and the two whom he cares for continue to  do the opposite of what he wants. He is getting exactly what he deserves for his behavior and sour disposition. Tywin could have been great, but he chose to be feared instead.
2471	Zman1863	2013-04-03	I think they put in the line both because its a good line that illustrates Tywin's dislike for his son and begins to hint at the existence of the theory about Tyrion's parentage to the viewers. The theory exists in the books so they might want to make the TV viewers speculate as well. That doesn't have to be an endorsement of the theory. Personally I think the Tyrion theory feels more like a red herring.  If it was true I think it would take away from the Tyrion/Tywin conflict as it existed in the earlier books.
2472	Clariana	2013-04-03	It is a possibility, but I prefer to think that Cersei, Jamie, and Tyrion are his legitimate children. The greatest irony is that the son he despises is the cleverest and most like him and the two whom he cares for continue to  do the opposite of what he wants. He is getting exactly what he deserves for his behavior and sour disposition. Tywin could have been great, but he chose to be feared instead.This.  It's in that light I interpret Genna's comment to Jaime in FfC (which actually hurts Jaime, too).
2473	Selyk	2013-04-03	IMO you are right. 100%
The 2 writers from HBO and GRRM are the only ones who know what happens.
GRRM is very light in his foreshadowing and takes thousands of pages to put things together.
HBO doesn't have that luxury of taking that long. The writers are pretty blunt about things, but they have to be to keep the average Tv show fan interested and give them clues/something to talk about.
Ed Stark never directly calls Jon Snow son in the show. (".. You have my blood")
Tywin never directly calls Tyrion son in the show. ("..can't prove you aren't my son")
HBO using the same type of small foreshadowing for both main characters.
That is a scene you will see in the beginning of the episode one day that they show the history of Tyrions birth/parents.
2474	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-03	Ed Stark never directly calls Jon Snow son in the show. (".. You have my blood")Very true, and something I should have pointed out in my OP. There is no denying that Ned's circumvention of the word "son" in relation to Jon was totally deliberate.The biggest reason to doubt the theory (besides, and over even, debatable lack of sufficient evidence) is that such a twist would ruin the built upon dynamic between Tyrion and Tywin and destroy the dramatic weight of 
	Spoiler  Tyrion's murder of him 
 I myself feel the same sometimes, and thus I want to disbelieve the theory. However, Charles Dance's performance and delivery in this scene has reminded me of a fascinating counterpoint to this fear/defense. First, no one choses their son, its always out of their control. Tywin feels this but hates it. By the same token, Tywin is Tyrion's father no matter what the truth may be, he's the only only father Tyrion's ever had, and will ever know. Tywin believes Tyrion is his curse, and punishment. He killed his beloved wife, and he would want to really think anything that may make this pain go away. Instead, he cant help but think something even worse, which is that Tyrion may not even be his. Though this is a relief to him in some sense, and a weight of guilt off his shoulders, he knows its also far more of a curse, a worse curse. He can't ever know for sure that Tyrion is not his, and to even begin to admit it, would begin to tarnish the memory and reputation of his beloved late wife, and his sacred family name, which he worked so hard to rebuild. Now he must act as though this deformed monster whom he reasonably thinks may not even be his, is forever his, or risk greater slights and mockery than even the idea he fathered this dwarf himself. At the very least though, he certainly will never let this possible bastard of his most hated former friend, a Targaryen in lion's cloths, take over the birthright of his only true son.To me that thinking makes Tywin's dilema very real and sensible for him as a character, and thus the theory is not so farfetched.
2475	episodenone	2013-04-03	Sorry -- way too big a stretch for me to think seriously or in passing about.
2476	King Tyrion I	2013-04-03	It is a possibility, but I prefer to think that Cersei, Jamie, and Tyrion are his legitimate children. The greatest irony is that the son he despises is the cleverest and most like him and the two whom he cares for continue to  do the opposite of what he wants. He is getting exactly what he deserves for his behavior and sour disposition. Tywin could have been great, but he chose to be feared instead.Tywin makes me think of Machiavelli's "Il prinicipe" actually.And Tyrion is a threat to him because he's clever, he's intelligent - and as cunning as Tywin himself is.Sons fight for their father's attention, they strive to be recognized, to be rewarded. That's also an aspect of the Tywin/Tyrion relationship.
2477	Sun	2013-04-03	I maybe wrong, I distinctly remember that particular line in the book, if so, the show using it tells us nothing. It's a great line. One that Tywin used to go for Tyrion's emotional jugular. A line designed to squash any hopes, or desire, Tyrion might harbour for Casterly Rock.
2478	rumple9	2013-04-03	Page 503, Ch 33, AFFC
"... but Tyrion is Tywin's son, not you. I said so once to your father's face, and he would not speak to me for half a year." -  Aunt Genna to Jaime
2479	StarkBlack21	2013-04-03	Tywin DOES call Tyrion his son in the show. When Tyrion asks why his father wants him in King's Landing. Tywin: because you're my son. In the first season.
					
					
							Edited by StarkBlack21, 03 April 2013 - 12:33 PM.
2480	Woman of War	2013-04-03	I know who Varys must be based on! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Oh, I hope not ...........entirely /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 03 April 2013 - 12:40 PM.
2481	lightbringer333	2013-04-03	in season 2 blackwater episode9. varys scene with tyrion. he is getting liitle emotional with him.
varys : "u probably dont entirely trust me"
tyrion: "mm dont take it personally. i dont entirely trust myself "
varys :  " and yet i have seen things...heard things. things u have not. things i wish i had not "
what does that the last line means.? does varys giving us any hint about who tyrion is ??  i am just doubtful coz this episode is written by GRRM himself.
					
					
							Edited by lightbringer333, 03 April 2013 - 01:06 PM.
2482	mankytoes	2013-04-03	Tywin DOES call Tyrion his son in the show. When Tyrion asks why his father wants him in King's Landing. Tywin: because you're my son. In the first season.Yeah, it's a very notable moment as well. This thread is over analysing for me. It was a good line because it shows Tywin's hatred for Tyrion, nothing more.
2483	Lany Cassandra	2013-04-03	It also proves the line Tyrion gives Jon in the first book/season: "All dwarves are bastards in their father's eyes".   Tyrion was shocked when he was sent to Kings Landing and the "You are my son" line and I think he let himself forget the truth he had given Jon
2484	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-03	You could also add that they did include the line from the first book in season 1 where Tyrion requests bacon (at his WF breakfast) burnt black.
I for one believe that A+J=T is true and that the twins love of fire and incest is the red herring...
and please don't quote the Genna Lannister line, unless there is textual evidence that she used a Westeros Home paternity test.  She is stating her opinion not a fact...
2485	Tori Targaryen	2013-04-03	I thought of the theory also when I heard that line, but I personally think it's aimed more towards highlighting just how much he loathes his son.
2486	Sidonie	2013-04-03	You know, I agree with the OP.
Tywin says something like, "...since I cannot prove you are NOT MINE" during that scene.
He put a very strong emphasis on the words "not mine," and I, too, got the impression that this was giving us a big hint.
2487	Words of Winter	2013-04-03	You know, I agree with the OP.Tywin says something like, "...since I cannot prove you are NOT MINE" during that scene.He put a very strong emphasis on the words "not mine," and I, too, got the impression that this was giving us a big hint.IMHO, Tywin sees Tyrion as a misshapen punishment from the gods.  Tywin's flaw is pride.  His son is supposed to be a reflection of him, a continuation of the power and prestige of the Lannister name.  Tyrion could only be his son as a punishment or the prodigy of some undesirable.  But he obviously was born of Tywin's wife, so if he isn't his, his wife wasn't faithful to him which also is a ding on his pride.
2488	Big Daddy Dave	2013-04-03	I think too much is made of this. The line (to me) simply means Tywin wishes Tyrion wasn't his, but hates that he was stuck with him. Even if there was something behind Selmy's story, it would impact the twins being Tywin's and not Tyrion. And even if something did happen between Aerys and Tywin's wife, I can see it being something that's never revealed in the books, only implied. And for me that makes it more interesting and tragic, that Tyrion in the end might have been the only child Tywin had, and he spent his life shitting on him.
2489	A Redeemed Hound	2013-04-04	My first topic post here. I apologize if this has been discussed elsewhere already, but I myself have yet to see the thread or read a post mentioning it.So I thought for those like myself who are aware of the "Mad Aerys and Joanna Lannister = Tyrion" theory, that it was perhaps of note that in the episode Tywin says to Tyrion the since "I cannot prove you are not my son" line. Though I haven't recently re-read the corresponding chapter in Book 3, I did think I recognized the line as being taken directly from the text. But although the whole scene more or less was taken right from the GRRM's original text, I did think it was rather notable, and suggestive, that D&D saw fit to make sure this particular line made it into the episode. Given that A) they know the broad strokes of the final two books, and their most important secrets/reveals, and thus whether or not A+J=T B] they typically IMO rarely seem to include those dear lines us book fans scrutinize endlessly for theory clues (because they are most often not ever plainly in the dialogue of a dramatic scene worth adapting), and yet C) do when they can give the hints and teases they can about whats to come (their version of the House of the Undying), I think its reasonable to think that if the theory is true, this line was very deliberately included, and that vice versa, its inclusion gives further suggestion of the possible truth of that theory.It may be a stretch, but it's something I for one am seriously thinking about.Tyrion IS a Targaryen and one of the heads of the dragon so yes you are correct.  Tywin's line regarding him not being able to prove Tyrion is not his son is directly from the books.  Tyrion is a Targaryen.  Hence his fascination with dragons his entire life.
2490	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> http://asoiaf.wester...ic/75441-a-j-t/here's a link to an interesting A+J=T thread that's been active in ADwD section for a while now for anyone who's interested.  We have some heated debates back and forth, but the overwhelming reason against the theory is simply "I don't like how it changes [my] perception of Tyrion/Tywin".  Not exactly a textual/reasonable/logic based argument.  I have faith that GRRM could pull this off w/ aplomb, but some have gone so far as to say they will burn their books if true... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
2491	A Bong of Ice and Fire	2013-04-04	Tyrion IS a Targaryen and one of the heads of the dragon so yes you are correct.  Tywin's line regarding him not being able to prove Tyrion is not his son is directly from the books.  Tyrion is a Targaryen.  Hence his fascination with dragons his entire life.Agree with you 100%. In fact I think it's obvious. The theory draws a lot of animosity because people think that if it's true, it somehow ruins Tyrion's story. This is very silly.
					
					
							Edited by A Bong of Ice and Fire, 04 April 2013 - 11:25 AM.
2492	episodenone	2013-04-04	Tywin DOES call Tyrion his son in the show. When Tyrion asks why his father wants him in King's Landing. Tywin: because you're my son. In the first season.THANK YOU.  Case Closed.
2493	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-04	THANK YOU.  Case Closed.While I'm not necessarily behind the theory that doesn't close any case at all. Tywin wants something from Tyrion and acts nice to him. When he doesn't need Tyrion anymore he explains how he's nothing to him.
2494	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-04	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> http://asoiaf.wester...ic/75441-a-j-t/here's a link to an interesting A+J=T thread that's been active in ADwD section for a while now for anyone who's interested.  We have some heated debates back and forth, but the overwhelming reason against the theory is simply "I don't like how it changes [my] perception of Tyrion/Tywin".  Not exactly a textual/reasonable/logic based argument.  I have faith that GRRM could pull this off w/ aplomb, but some have gone so far as to say they will burn their books if true... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />if we get a certain two-headed dream from Tyrion after he flees KL i think it will definetly be CASE CLOSED! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />fingers crossed this makes it into the show cause this would be a perfect way to end his storyline for season 3 im thinking... he has just killed Tywin/Shae & possibly joeffry (CHANGE FROM BOOKS I KNOW) & vows to return for cersi & the rock.  he is on a ship with mopatis who is bringing him to danny & as he drifts off to sleep...That Night Tyrion Lannister dreamed of a battle that turned the hills of Westeros as read as blood. He was in the midst of it, dealing death with an axe as big as he was, fighting side by side with Barristan the Bold and Bittersteel as dragons wheeled across the sky above them. In the dream he had two heads, both noseless. His father led the enemy, so he slwe him once again. Then he killed his brother, Jamie, hacking at his face until it was a red ruin, laughing every time he struck a blow. Only when the fight was finished did he realize that his second head was weeping.
					
					
							Edited by theREALjonsnow, 04 April 2013 - 02:14 PM.
2495	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-04	if we get a certain two-headed dream from Tyrion after he flees KL i think it will definetly be CASE CLOSED! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />fingers crossed this makes it into the show cause this would be a perfect way to end his storyline for season 3 im thinking... he has just killed Tywin/Shae & possibly joeffry (CHANGE FROM BOOKS I KNOW) & vows to return for cersi & the rock.  he is on a ship with mopatis who is bringing him to danny & as he drifts off to sleep...That Night Tyrion Lannister dreamed of a battle that turned the hills of Westeros as read as blood. He was in the midst of it, dealing death with an axe as big as he was, fighting side by side with Barristan the Bold and Bittersteel as dragons wheeled across the sky above them. In the dream he had two heads, both noseless. His father led the enemy, so he slwe him once again. Then he killed his brother, Jamie, hacking at his face until it was a red ruin, laughing every time he struck a blow. Only when the fight was finished did he realize that his second head was weeping.If they show Jaime's Weir-stump dream then I will hold out hope for that, but so far they seem reluctant to get too into the dreams.  At least they showed us Bran's "wolf dreams", I was afraid they would be cut as well. I'm glad you posted that particular passage...  He fights beside Barristan (targ loyal) and Bittersteel (an allusion to Aegon?) against his father and brother.  The two heads he has are reminiescent of Maelys the Monstrous, perhaps, but also obviously allude to the conflict raging in his heart.
2496	Maester Ruin	2013-04-04	Wow, its amazing what crazy theories people can puzzle togheter out of just a couple of lines. As Tyrion said to Jon, all dwarves are bastards in the eyes of their fathers. This Line from Tywin just confirms this, and that he hates Tyrion in general for his whoring and drinking and other activities that brings "Shame" to their House and Family. Tyrion is Tywins son, Tyrion has all the lannister traits (except he is a dwarf. but he is a blonde dwarf) and has the ingelligent, political mind of Tywin,I cant help but feel a little depressed when i read crazy theories like this. I mean come on the books are amazing and parts of that is because they have a few great mysteries and revealations in them, but that doesnt mean that you have to go out of your way to create a mystery theory where there its not needed.Ill name 3 reasons that debunks this "Tyrion is a Targaryen" theory completley, and then lets never bring it up again shall we?:1. As we all know, Aerys II was paranoid and after the defiance of duskendale he became a recluse that never ever left the Red Keep, except for when he attended the Tournament of Harrenhall because he thought it was a meeting event for a group of houses that where planning to conspire against him. the Lannisters where not there.Joanna lived in Casterly Rock, raising Jamie and Cerscei. When and how was this J+A Rape supposed to take place? Did the king, who never ever left the red keep because of his paranoia, Suddenly take a host of his kingsguard with him and rode to Casterly Rock to Rape Joanna, without anyoneone stopping him from just entering casterly rock and making his way to Joannas bedroom?Lets pretend this actually happened (and you have to be pretty delusional to actually belive that the part above did), are you telling me that no one noticed or informed anyone about this? None of the hundreds of guards in casterly rock, or the hundreds of servants, or Joanna HERSELF, told ANYONE that The Mad King had Raped Joanna and gotten her Pregnant? Or just that he had been seen near Lannisport and Casterly Rock? if Tyrion was Aerys son, Tywin would have the proof he was talking about in this episode.2. Women in westeros can do Abortions. Remember that time when Baelish got Lysa Tully pregnant and her father gave her moon tea to abort the pregnancy? Joanna could have done that if she was raped by the mad king and got pregnant.3. Who is gonna reveal this to the readers/tyrion? the entire theory banks on the ridicolous concept that this somehow happened in secret, and not even Joanna told anyone about it. And if someone knew about it, WE would already know this too since it would be such a major thing that most likely would have caused a Rebellion sparked by the Lannisters. This is not one of those scenarios where that one guy who knew that it happened comes out of the closet 30 years later and approaches Tyrion and tells him that "by the way, youre half targaryen since Aerys Raped your mother".So lets summarize this, if Tyrion is indeed half-targaryen, that would mean that the king who was famous for only leaving his keep at one occasion after the defiance of duskendale, actually did leave it one more time (people just forget to mention that for some mysterious reason, right?) to go to Casterly Rock, where he managed to sneak into Joannas bedroom without being noticed by anyone whatsoever, then proceeded to rape her and get her pregnant. Joanna would then neither tell Tywin or anyone else that she was raped by the mad king, and she would actually decide to KEEP the mad kings baby when she has the option of abortion, again without telling anybody, and instead pass it off as Tywins child and die giving birth. And somehow, despite the fact that no one knows about all this, the readers and Tyrion are going to find out about it in the books from... Who?Seriously guys this.does.not.add.upp
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 04 April 2013 - 07:13 PM.
2497	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-04	Wow, its amazing what crazy theories people can puzzle togheter out of just a couple of lines. As Tyrion said to Jon, all dwarves are bastards in the eyes of their fathers. This Line from Tywin just confirms this, and that he hates Tyrion in general for his whoring and drinking and other activities that brings "Shame" to their House and Family. Tyrion is Tywins son, Tyrion has all the lannister traits (except he is a dwarf. but he is a blonde dwarf) and has the ingelligent, political mind of Tywin,I cant help but feel a little depressed when i read crazy theories like this. I mean come on the books are amazing and parts of that is because they have a few great mysteries and revealations in them, but that doesnt mean that you have to go out of your way to create a mystery theory where there its not needed.Ill name 3 reasons that debunks this "Tyrion is a Targaryen" theory completley, and then lets never bring it up again shall we?:1. As we all know, Aerys II was paranoid and after the defiance of duskendale he became a recluse that never ever left the Red Keep, except for when he attended the Tournament of Harrenhall because he thought it was a meeting event for a group of houses that where planning to conspire against him. the Lannisters where not there.Joanna lived in Casterly Rock, raising Jamie and Cerscei. When and how was this J+A Rape supposed to take place? Did the king, who never ever left the red keep because of his paranoia, Suddenly take a host of his kingsguard with him and rode to Casterly Rock to Rape Joanna, without anyoneone stopping him from just entering casterly rock and making his way to Joannas bedroom?Lets pretend this actually happened (and you have to be pretty delusional to actually belive that the part above did), are you telling me that no one noticed or informed anyone about this? None of the hundreds of guards in casterly rock, or the hundreds of servants, or Joanna HERSELF, told ANYONE that The Mad King had Raped Joanna and gotten her Pregnant? Or just that he had been seen near Lannisport and Casterly Rock? if Tyrion was Aerys son, Tywin would have the proof he was talking about in this episode.2. Women in westeros can do Abortions. Remember that time when Baelish got Lysa Tully pregnant and her father gave her moon tea to abort the pregnancy? Joanna could have done that if she was raped by the mad king and got pregnant.3. Who is gonna reveal this to the readers/tyrion? the entire theory banks on the ridicolous concept that this somehow happened in secret, and not even Joanna told anyone about it. And if someone knew about it, WE would already know this too since it would be such a major thing that most likely would have caused a Rebellion sparked by the Lannisters. This is not one of those scenarios where that one guy who knew that it happened comes out of the closet 30 years later and approaches Tyrion and tells him that "by the way, youre half targaryen since Aerys Raped your mother".So lets summarize this, if Tyrion is indeed half-targaryen, that would mean that the king who was famous for only leaving his keep at one occasion after the defiance of duskendale, actually did leave it one more time (people just forget to mention that for some mysterious reason, right?) to go to Casterly Rock, where he managed to sneak into Joannas bedroom without being noticed by anyone whatsoever, then proceeded to rape her and get her pregnant. Joanna would then neither tell Tywin or anyone else that she was raped by the mad king, and she would actually decide to KEEP the mad kings baby when she has the option of abortion, again without telling anybody, and instead pass it off as Tywins child and die giving birth. And somehow, despite the fact that no one knows about all this, the readers and Tyrion are going to find out about it in the books from... Who?Seriously guys this.does.not.add.uppNever said that there wasn't plenty of valid reasons to not consider the theory as potentially true, or even sensical, as you seem to find it not, but I will suggest that you're filling in many of the gaps with a confirmation bias of you're own. As far as I know, the timeline on the possible impregnation of Joanna and her whereabouts at the time is ambiguous. Clearly Tywin was in KL serving as Hand around the time Joanna conceived Tyrion, so its not unreasonable to think she may have been in KL as well at that time for Tywin to even knock her up. In other words, we don't have to assume that impregnating Joanna for either Tywin or Aerys involved making a trip to Casterly Rock, though of course you are right that its silly to think Aerys would have made such a trip, where as for Tywin it would be normal. We also though, do not have to assume that Aerys putting a baby into Joanna involved violently raping her for all of the Westerlands to hear. There is no reason to assume that other than to try to make the theory sound more implausible than it really is. The same goes for your point about the "abortions". Moon Tea has no guarantee of success mind you. Also, who's to say she would have rushed to abort. Maybe she wanted to keep the baby, and hide the truth from Tywin? Why? Who can say? Maybe she though the baby was Tywin's?Overall, I'm not overly interested in defending the merits, or lack there of, for a theory I myself am not sold on in the way I say am of R+L=J, or other more strongly evidentially supported theories. I actually mostly don't think its true, just that it may be interesting if it was. I just was interested in provoking a discussion about it. I won't have it be said that there is something wrong with that. Clearly it's working.
2498	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-04	I personally think out of the Lannister children, mayhaps the twins not be Tywins due to The Mad King's creepy (and rude... He said this AT his wedding!) wish that The Lord's Right was still legal.
It would be interesting to see how oh so proud 'Self-Pronounced-Tywin-With-Teats' took to being a bastard and not a Lannister, and how Jaime deals with having killed his own father.
2499	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-04	I personally think out of the Lannister children, mayhaps the twins not be Tywins due to The Mad King's creepy (and rude... He said this AT his wedding!) wish that The Lord's Right was still legal.It would be interesting to see how oh so proud 'Self-Pronounced-Tywin-With-Teats' took to being a bastard and not a Lannister, and how Jaime deals with having killed his own father.Yeah in some practical ways it does seem more likely that the secret Targs would be the twins, but most people seem to ignore this, or want to ignore it, myself included, because its not half as fan/dramatically satisfying as if Tyrion had dragon blood. I myself just want the three heads of the dragon to be Jon, Dany, and Tyrion, whatever that means, be it just dragon riders, linked heroes, or actual blood relatives, I don't care. Let my confirmation bias be known. All three killed their mothers, and all three are major POVs. Its just that simple....though of course I care more for Arya and her story any of the rest nearly combined.And somehow, despite the fact that no one knows about all this, the readers and Tyrion are going to find out about it in the books from... Who?I forgot to adress this. Its a more than fair question, but for me personally, I actually almost dont even want to see Tyrion ever find out, just for the reader to be given enough to safely accept it as undeniable and true, i.e. the way we all know...... 
	Spoiler   Bynden "Bloodraven" Rivers is the Thre Eyed Crow, even though Bran has no idea who that is, nor would he even really care per say.
2500	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-05	Yeah in some practical ways it does seem more likely that the secret Targs would be the twins, but most people seem to ignore this, or want to ignore it, myself included, because its not half as fan/dramatically satisfying as if Tyrion had dragon blood. I myself just want the three heads of the dragon to be Jon, Dany, and Tyrion, whatever that means, be it just dragon riders, linked heroes, or actual blood relatives, I don't care. Let my confirmation bias be known. All three killed their mothers, and all three are major POVs. Its just that simple....though of course I care more for Arya and her story any of the rest nearly combined.Fair enough. I'd like Tyrion to be the third head if only because Dany and Jon are written to be stunning, perfect, beloved yada, yada, yada... Imagine if TYRION rode Drogon? That would be awesome.
2501	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-05	Why this insistence on ruining the Lannister family dynamic? /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by Myrish Swamp Thing, 05 April 2013 - 02:52 AM.
2502	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	None of the Lannister siblings are Targaryens, sorry. There is no way Aerys could have raped Joanna without 1. Joanna telling tywin, and probably causing the lannisters to raA­se their bannermen in revolt much like Robert did and. 2. Joanna aborting the pregnancy.
The fact that women in westeros can conduct abortions simply by drinking a special tea means that for any of these theorys to work, Joanna must have wanted to carry the mad kings babies, and perhaps even want to go to bed with him in the first place. this is impossible to believe considering how repulsive Aerys looked with his long hair, beard and fingernails, and the fact that we know that Tyrion and Joanna had a happy marriage and that she probably loved him as much as we know Tywin loved Joanna.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 05 April 2013 - 03:48 AM.
2503	Jon Mark Selmy	2013-04-05	I agree with the theory. Tyrion is the son of Mad Aerys who monstrously raped Joana Lannister just to spite Tywin. It is known.
2504	Maester Ruin	2013-04-05	I agree with the theory. Tyrion is the son of Mad Aerys who monstrously raped Joana Lannister just to spite Tywin. It is known.so you believe that joanna got raped by Aerys but never told Tywin nor abort the pregnancy with moon tea? well i guess you cant convince someone who has already sacrifised logics and rational thinking for their belief in a crazy theory...
2505	Ser Endrew Tarth	2013-04-05	@Maester Ruin chk out the thread I linked to up-thread (A+J=T) there is a lot more evidence than just Tywin's statement.  Another big hint would be that all three heads of the dragon had their mothers die in childbirth (Jon, Dany, Tyrion).  There is also some really interesting conversations/comeradery between Jon and Tyrion in AGoT, not to mention Tyrion's shadow reference, and Maester Aemon's comment about Tyrion...Also Barristan reveals that Aerys was once quite charming, and even in his madness still could be at times.  Joanna and Aerys were pretty close growing up IIRC, so rape is not the only option here...  Especially with an ever distant and angry Tywin as a husband.In any case it may not be true, but it is far from impossible.  As to who could reveal it; duh Barristan Selmy has seen it all, and cannot by his own oath withhold those secrets from Dany.
2506	theREALjonsnow	2013-04-05	or Gerion Lannister... /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />  would be a much better reveal imo
2507	Justin Danford	2013-03-31	It's basically the exact image of the hooded figure strapped to the wooden "X" from the trailers. This basically confirms it as Theon.
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 02 April 2013 - 02:50 AM.
2508	Ran	2013-04-01	It's the exact same symbol as the Bolton sigil that we've seen since the first season.
2509	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	It's the exact same symbol as the Bolton sigil that we've seen since the first season. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />This.
2510	Crown	2013-04-01	It's the exact same symbol as the Bolton sigil that we've seen since the first season. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />It is in the first season? /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />
2511	Bayard	2013-04-01	It is in the first season? /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />I'm not sure about that, but it was on the site of HBO, they had a map with the major houses.
2512	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Well we see it etched onto his armour in s2http://awoiaf.wester...se_tvseries.jpgedit: thought Ran said second season
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 01 April 2013 - 12:52 PM.
2513	Woftis	2013-04-01	Why did I have it in my head that Denis O'Hare was Roose?
2514	The Flaying Man	2013-04-01	It is in the first season? /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />You can briefly see it in the background of the scene in which Grey Wind bites off the Greatjon's fingers /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2515	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	You can briefly see it in the background of the scene in which Grey Wind bites off the Greatjon's fingers /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Would like a pic of this! Soz to be lazy.
2516	Nezzer	2013-04-01	Would like a pic of this! Soz to be lazy.Here
2517	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	HereSweet, that's a nice touch.Northern sigils look the best.
					
					
							Edited by Dragonstoned, 01 April 2013 - 01:55 PM.
2518	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	Sweet, that's a nice touch.Northern sigils look the best.Truth.I admit to having a little grin at the sigil on Roose's clothes. I start to grumble a bit every time he comes on screen...And honestly, who else could have been the man on the cross in the trailer?
2519	WTFSalami	2013-04-01	Truth.I admit to having a little grin at the sigil on Roose's clothes. I start to grumble a bit every time he comes on screen...And honestly, who else could have been the man on the cross in the trailer?Yeah I'm kinda rolling my eyes at the "surprise." It was never going to be anyone else.
2520	The She Wolf	2013-04-01	I was at the GOT exhibit in Toronto a few weeks ago and one of the displays they had was of the pieces Robb uses on his map. The Bolton one really stood out and show-only friends were pretty curious whose sigil that is. I got a picture.
2521	Martin21114	2013-04-01	I was at the GOT exhibit in Toronto a few weeks ago and one of the displays they had was of the pieces Robb uses on his map. The Bolton one really stood out and show-only friends were pretty curious whose sigil that is. I got a picture.Awesome. Nice pic, thanks for sharing it.
2522	Bride of Winter	2013-04-01	I was at the GOT exhibit in Toronto a few weeks ago and one of the displays they had was of the pieces Robb uses on his map. The Bolton one really stood out and show-only friends were pretty curious whose sigil that is. I got a picture.that's really cool, if a little disturbing. so in other words, perfect for the boltons /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2523	Nezzer	2013-04-01	I was at the GOT exhibit in Toronto a few weeks ago and one of the displays they had was of the pieces Robb uses on his map. The Bolton one really stood out and show-only friends were pretty curious whose sigil that is. I got a picture.This makes me very, very happy, because it looks like they are putting a lot of work on the Boltons. It seems Roose will shine this season.
2524	TheOldGodsAndTheNew	2013-04-01	Call me morbid but the future TV-ization of the novels that I'm most looking forward to is 
	Spoiler the exposure of the absolute twisted evil of Roose Bolton and Ramsay Snow/Bolton
  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />  I know it won't be for a few seasons, but if viewers have been shocked by some of the shit so far, just wait until they get the pulse of 
	Spoiler this pair of sickos.	"...before you make me rue the day I raped your mother!"  Those two are just plain vile!
 /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
					
					
							Edited by TheOldGodsAndTheNew, 03 April 2013 - 08:41 PM.
2525	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	but if viewers have been shocked by some of the shit so far, just wait until they get the pulse of...My thoughts exactly. All these people that despise Joffrey? Oh, those sweet summer children. They will long for the day when Joffy was the most despicable character in the show.
2526	Words of Winter	2013-04-02	My thoughts exactly. All these people that despise Joffrey? Oh, those sweet summer children. They will long for the day when Joffy was the most despicable character in the show.Which is why they don't need to make Stannis so villanous.
2527	Kienn	2013-04-02	OP labels no spoilers then starts with a spoiler? Not very nice.
2528	Justin Danford	2013-04-02	OP labels no spoilers then starts with a spoiler? Not very nice.Well I fixed that. I don't actually remember adding the "no spoilers" to the title, and as a matter of fact I posted this thread a few minutes after watching the episode last night and it wasn't actually put up until much later (the next day ). I'm inclined to believe it was added on its own, when the new threads batch finally went up.If this is not the case, then I overlooked it and apologize. I certainly didn't intend to flag the thread as no spoilers, I'll tell ya that much.
2529	Clariana	2013-04-03	Oh what marvellous level of detail!
Truly done with love.
2530	NorthSouthEastWesteros	2013-04-03	Which is why they don't need to make Stannis so villanous.It doesn't help that Stannis looks a lot like Roose (at least in eyes anyway)
2531	GallowsKnight	2013-04-03	Bolton also has a flayed man on the hilt of his sword. It's pretty cool.
2532	Maxthestig	2013-04-03	I just can't wait to see what they do with Ramsey  !Hopefully Roose gets more screen time.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=qvlBijz1-MA
2533	TheOldGodsAndTheNew	2013-04-03	but if viewers have been shocked by some of the shit so far, just wait until they get the pulse of...My thoughts exactly. All these people that despise Joffrey? Oh, those sweet summer children. They will long for the day when Joffy was the most despicable character in the show.Lmao Dermett, thank you for that! /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
					
					
							Edited by TheOldGodsAndTheNew, 03 April 2013 - 08:34 PM.
2534	Head of The Ned	2013-04-04	I hope Roose becomes a little more significant this season before he does the deed. The further inclusion and importance of House Bolton will give the show a nice dark twist.
2535	sillylaulau	2013-04-05	I was at the GOT exhibit in Toronto a few weeks ago and one of the displays they had was of the pieces Robb uses on his map. The Bolton one really stood out and show-only friends were pretty curious whose sigil that is. I got a picture.That looks awesome. Thanks for sharing. As much as I hate/fear the Boltons, I'm very excited to see how their "hobby" is  portrayed in the show and this is a good sign.
2536	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	Does anyone know if Westeros.org will be continuing their Bonus video summaries of the episodes as they did with last season? It was really enjoyable to watch the discussions, especially the 'highs and lows' of the episodes as adaptations. I have checked a few times but there isn't anything up and I've seen no mention of it.
2537	Ran	2013-04-03	We do mean to! Need to edit it, but it should be available today.
2538	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	Yay! I can't wait! Thanks for all you guys do! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2539	The Flaying Man	2013-04-03	This is great news, Ran, thanks for the hard work!
2540	Chuck88	2013-04-03	Awesome! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2541	tito5601	2013-04-03	this is great, thanks alot
2542	Eogh	2013-04-03	Keep it up Ran, really enjoy all your videos, especially the ones discussing certain theories and just talking about historical info.
2543	Arale	2013-04-03	Yay! Can't wait! Thank you so much for all your work! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2544	ebevan91	2013-04-03	Can't wait for these. I wasn't around here during seasons 1 or 2.
2545	Winterfellian	2013-04-03	Am ashamed to admit that I didn't know of this video summaries. Can anyone point me to where I can find them?
2546	Ran	2013-04-03	Our Youtube page. Also at the episode guide itself, down in the Extras section (just added it there
2547	Winterfellian	2013-04-03	Wow that was fast! Thanks Ran!
2548	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	Awesome! Thanks!!!
2549	Gertrude	2013-04-03	I also really appreciate the work you do. Not only the board itself, but the extras like the video. There are lots of GoT podcasts, but very few intelligent ones, so obviously I look forward to hearing the take by you and Linda. Thank you! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2550	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-03	Whoa, I had no idea those video summaries existed. I just watched the S3E1 video and was truly impressed. Great comments on the differences between the show and books. Thanks for sharing! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2551	cybobbie	2013-04-04	Thank you so much! I really enjoyed and appreciate a lot all that you do.
2552	teemo	2013-03-31	Out of curiosity...here's a few off the top of my head.  Some areTormund is much more seriousCiarin Hinds = awesome actor and pretty good at Mance (although not what I pictured), but I miss the bard thing.Sam being saved from the NW crew like thatThe way Stannis was sent to the dungeons was odd, although I see what they're doing to save some time and still get their point across.Tyrion almost groveling to this father, wanting approval. Besides that, that scene was almost word to word from the book.  Dance and Dinklage are such amazing actors. Damn.Was Cersei ever really that worried about Tyrion talking to daddy?  How different was that conversation in the books?It looks like Bronn is here to stay longer instead of being Cersei's new pet.  They kind of got themselves into this by having Tyrion make him a knight last season, so Cersei can't really offer him that, I guess. It gives us more time to see Bronn, which is nice. Because everyone loves Bronn.  But isn't Bronn pretty much done with Tyrion at this point?I thought it was random how Robb and Cat and co. showed up at Harrenhal.  Loved seeing Qyburn.The whole scene with LF/Sansa/Shae/Ros felt really weird to me. Not a big fan of Sansa/Shae being BFF and Ros moving up in the world.Littlefinger would never in a million years blatantly tell Sansa of all people that he's planning on getting her out of there.  He's way too sneaky for that.  So was Dontos' appearance last season just a teaser, or what?  But like GRRM said, TV LF is nothing like book LF.  It also makes me wonder how the whole PW thing is going to go down now.*got the unsullied stuff wrongWas Joffrey ever this blatantly nasty to his mother around family and stuff at dinner? I guess he has to be a little different in the show though since he's older.Slow episode, but really beautiful. Can't wait for episode 4.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 01 April 2013 - 12:07 AM.
2553	Ran	2013-03-31	Tried to cover many of these in our book-to-screen section of our episode guide.In particular, regarding the Unsullied, you're misremembering. In the novel, it's stated that the puppies are given to the boy eunuchs the day they are cut, and then they are to strangle them at year's end. But to win their spiked cap, they have to kill a child. So the show is doing the same thing.
2554	teemo	2013-03-31	Thanks!  Feel free to close the thread if you think that covers it well enough. 
Question though - is the show making them sound like free men who choose to be Unsullied?  I can't re-watch it at the moment so I can't check right now.
2555	winterstood	2013-03-31	Oh yeah - and I guess they're keeping Bronn - cause doesn't Bronn abandon Tyrion in the book? Here he simply asks for double. I like the actor playing Bronn - so that's good news.
2556	Irish815	2013-03-31	The unsullied kill puppies AND babies in the book.
2557	Ramsay Gimp	2013-03-31	Question though - is the show making them sound like free men who choose to be Unsullied?  I can't re-watch it at the moment so I can't check right now.Definitely not
2558	Justin Danford	2013-03-31	***SPOILERS***
- Doesn't Sam send the ravens? Doesn't he keep saying to himself that he can just sit down and die because he at least did his duty and got the ravens out? This relly bothered me. Also where was the wight? I hope we get Sam story as they walk backnto crasters where he falls behind then kills then wight. Sam the slayer must be.
- the Davos/Salador exchange is way more cheerful despite what they disguss, but I guess you need to tone down Saladors extravagance for the show
- Don't remember the Margaery scene at all but it makes sense to build the Tyrell's motives in KL, I guess.
- Rob in Harrenhal? Don't remember that. 
- Strong Belwas seems to have gotten cut, this makes me sad.
All in all the episode was pretty good... a nice way to "set the table" but I don't see the reasoning behind changing the fact that Sam sent the ravens. For once the Dany scenes were among the best. That is hopeful, she has a good story to tell in S3 if they move her along and not let her stagnate.
2559	Ser Wun Wun	2013-03-31	Ran covered it, but here is a book quote anyway:ASOS; Danyâ<U+0080><U+009C>To win his spiked cap, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find some wailing newborn, and kill it before its motherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eyes. In this way, we make certain that there is no weakness left in them.â<U+0080><U+009D>So the phrasing "to win his shield" that the show used isn't really a deviation since the book's have basically the same line, just "spiked cap" in place of "shield"
2560	Broken Fox	2013-03-31	Tormund is much more seriousStill pretty humorous compared to the other wildlings. I'm guessing he'll lighten up more once Jon has proven himself. Also, I don't remember Tormund being THAT much of a jokester in the books. I remember him straight up threatening to kill Jon at one point, and that was already after they were friendly.Not a big fan of Sansa/Shae being BFF and Ros moving up in the world.I like it. It'll add to the sting of Shae's eventual betrayal. It also gives her something to do.Littlefinger would never in a million years blatantly tell Sansa of all people that he's planning on getting her out of there.  He's way too sneaky for that.  So was Dontos' appearance last season just a teaser, or what?  But like GRRM said, TV LF is nothing like book LF.  It also makes me wonder how the whole PW thing is going to go down now.Agreed. Book LF was a shady bastard but you couldn't help but like him because he was so good at the game. TV LF is just a douchebag with plot powers.Was Joffrey ever this blatantly nasty to his mother around family and stuff at dinner?Joffrey was always a dick to Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by Element_Engine, 31 March 2013 - 11:54 PM.
2561	Montey14	2013-03-31	***SPOILERS***- Doesn't Sam send the ravens? Doesn't he keep saying to himself that he can just sit down and die because he at least did his duty and got the ravens out? This relly bothered me. Also where was the wight? I hope we get Sam story as they walk backnto crasters where he falls behind then kills then wight. Sam the slayer must be.- the Davos/Salador exchange is way more cheerful despite what they disguss, but I guess you need to tone down Saladors extravagance for the show- Don't remember the Margaery scene at all but it makes sense to build the Tyrell's motives in KL, I guess.- Rob in Harrenhal? Don't remember that.- Strong Belwas seems to have gotten cut, this makes me sad.All in all the episode was pretty good... a nice way to "set the table" but I don't see the reasoning behind changing the fact that Sam sent the ravens. For once the Dany scenes were among the best. That is hopeful, she has a good story to tell in S3 if they move her along and not let her stagnate.Sam sends the Raavens but he doesn't put the messages when he sends them...so it's like he didn't send them in essense....
2562	Montey14	2013-03-31	robb wasn't in Harrenhal....but they have to find a way for Roose to get there so thats the way he gets there
2563	Montey14	2013-03-31	Sam sends the Raavens but he doesn't put the messages when he sends them...so it's like he didn't send them in essense....they do mention the the terrells bring bread and food from highgarden and that the smallfolk love the  queen ....
2564	Its Not So Littlefinger	2013-04-01	Agreed. Book LF was a shady bastard but you couldn't help but like him because he was so good at the game. TV LF is just a douchebag with plot powers. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
2565	StarkDragon	2013-04-01	The 'nice' Littlefinger is where the show kinda lost me - although I do enjoy the foreshadowing with Shae.Actually, Littlefinger and Sansa both, she seemed too... gamey. Where is my Lemon Head? Where is Pedo Finger?The Lannister portions were all done extremely excellently, however, and were more than I could have hoped for.I am suprised at not the Unsullied, but the land of Astapor. I just saw Astapor as 'Ghetto Egypt'. Really, all 3 of those cities. However, that can easily be my folly, I'm not great with following descriptions in literature.Stannis sending Davos down? What? Why are they trying to kill Stavos? Bad television, bad!Harrenhall was... different. Seems to me they're exploring the fact that Robb did indeed punish his mother, but it makes a certain event more troublesome to pursue...I loved Barristan; Hey I just met you,and your dad was crazies~But I'll be your knight true,and what's this about 8000 babies?It'll be interesting to see where it goes. Truth be told, I'm not one for puritism television, I'd much rather delve into different depths.
2566	teemo	2013-04-01	Thanks for the Unsullied correction, I can't believe I totally misremembered that /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> Do you guys still think Shae is going to betray Tyrion?
2567	LordStoneheart	2013-04-01	There are two things that bugged me.1. the beginning. They didn't show at all how Sam managed to get away from the attack when he was at the start of it last season. I thought they were going to go somewhere with it. I thought he did send the ravens, so that was confusing2. It didn't make it clear that Dany (and Jorah?) can speak and understand Valyrian, but maybe it will later.I was going to mention the manticore/child change and Barristan revealing himself right away, but both translate to the screen better this way. I think. But other than that I loved it
2568	Risha	2013-04-01	Why the introduction of Qyburn without a connection to the Mummers/Lannisters? That will be trouble later onâ<U+0080>¦and who will cauterize Jamieâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stump? Well, I guess they could leave him behind with Roose when they bug out for Riverrun, at which point he will become a creature of Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s, but he needs that Lannister connection later, soâ<U+0080>¦what gives?? Ugh, the whole thing with Robb still bugs me from last season. The changes better not wreck the impact of the RW.		 
The understanding of Valyrian thing bugged me too, but hope theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll explain that later when Dany talks to Kraz again.  
Also disappointed that they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let Sam show his developing courage by sending the ravens off. He DID send one wave of them and they DID have messages. He screwed up the second round in the books.  
Overall, loved the episode. Pacing and time with character arcs was great. Felt like it was over in 10 minutes! Even my non-book-reader daughter said, â<U+0080><U+009C>Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s it? That was an hour?â<U+0080><U+009D>
2569	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	Question: Did they explain how Dany got a ship? If they did, I missed it.
2570	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Question: Did they explain how Dany got a ship? If they did, I missed it.Paid for with the plunder from Daxos' mansion. Dany (holding up gold platter): "Is this enough to buy a ship?" Ser Jorah: "Yes, Khaleesi, a small one."
					
					
							Edited by Wun Drop, 01 April 2013 - 12:41 AM.
2571	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-01	She bought it with the wealth they plundered from XXD. It's also how she can afford to buy  Unsullied.
2572	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-01	Her acquiring a ship was implied after looting Xaros pad last season.  Dany made the comment that they could buy a ship, to which Jorah replied "Aye, a small ship".
2573	Lord Elrosir	2013-04-01	She bought it with the wealth they plundered from XXD. It's also how she can afford to buy  Unsullied.I guarentee that she'll be doing the Drogon bargain for the Unsullied, with "dracarys".
2574	Cheese Pudding	2013-04-01	Ran covered it, but here is a book quote anyway:So the phrasing "to win his shield" that the show used isn't really a deviation since the book's have basically the same line, just "spiked cap" in place of "shield"Well, at Season 1 they were differenthttp://media.tumblr....IUGg1qaodcn.pnghttp://kissed-by-fir..._of_thrones.jpgI suppose they were Unsullied (spiked cap). They could have used this kind of design for them, then the phrase could have remained the same.
2575	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-04-01	Yes, but that's only because her money isn't enough to buy all the Unsullied. Remember she wanted the 8000 they had plus the other 4000 they were still training.
					
					
							Edited by The Scabbard Of the Morning, 01 April 2013 - 12:51 AM.
2576	SerGrandfather7	2013-04-01	Well, at Season 1 they were differenthttp://media.tumblr....IUGg1qaodcn.pnghttp://kissed-by-fir..._of_thrones.jpgI suppose they were Unsullied (spiked cap). They could have used this kind of design for them, then the phrase could have remained the same. Aren't the Unsullied in Pentos (and some other Free Cities) suppose to be more "lazy" than their Slaver's Bay counterparts?
2577	Khal Porno	2013-04-01	Do you guys still think Shae is going to betray Tyrion? Well the way I understood it was that it was kind of ambiguous, whether or not she really did betray him or was being forced into it by Tywin against her will.  From Tyrion's perspective of course, she definitively did.Since it's pretty clear that she actually loves him on the show and she is a "good guy," I don't think she is going to betray him, but he will think she does and kill her.  Very sad.
2578	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	Thanks for the answers.
2579	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Out of curiosity...here's a few off the top of my head.  Some areTormund is much more seriousCiarin Hinds = awesome actor and pretty good at Mance (although not what I pictured), but I miss the bard thing.Sam being saved from the NW crew like thatThe way Stannis was sent to the dungeons was odd, although I see what they're doing to save some time and still get their point across.Tyrion almost groveling to this father, wanting approval. Besides that, that scene was almost word to word from the book.  Dance and Dinklage are such amazing actors. Damn.Was Cersei ever really that worried about Tyrion talking to daddy?  How different was that conversation in the books?It looks like Bronn is here to stay longer instead of being Cersei's new pet.  They kind of got themselves into this by having Tyrion make him a knight last season, so Cersei can't really offer him that, I guess. It gives us more time to see Bronn, which is nice. Because everyone loves Bronn.  But isn't Bronn pretty much done with Tyrion at this point?I thought it was random how Robb and Cat and co. showed up at Harrenhal.  Loved seeing Qyburn.The whole scene with LF/Sansa/Shae/Ros felt really weird to me. Not a big fan of Sansa/Shae being BFF and Ros moving up in the world.Littlefinger would never in a million years blatantly tell Sansa of all people that he's planning on getting her out of there.  He's way too sneaky for that.  So was Dontos' appearance last season just a teaser, or what?  But like GRRM said, TV LF is nothing like book LF.  It also makes me wonder how the whole PW thing is going to go down now.*got the unsullied stuff wrongWas Joffrey ever this blatantly nasty to his mother around family and stuff at dinner? I guess he has to be a little different in the show though since he's older.Slow episode, but really beautiful. Can't wait for episode 4.-If they included the whole puppy killing thing as well as killing babies, it would just seem ridiculous. Nobody is that awful. -I like the rivalry between Cersei and Tyrion. Don;t the books say that Cersei considers herself to be Tywin with teats?  It's not a stretch to assume that she would seek Tywin's approval.-Joff did threaten his mother with death in season 2 if she ever slapped him again. I love that he's putting on a big facade to gain Margaery's approval. It's just like the little shit to do so.-It appears that Ros might be the replacement for Ser Dontos. If she's moving up in the world, she could be used to relay LF's words to Sansa-I'm guessing Robb will depart to Riverrun next episode and leave Roose to hold Harrenhal. That sets up Jaime being brought to him later. Roose can regroup with Robb at the Twins in episode 8 or 9.
2580	Nagisa Furukawa	2013-04-01	I liked Cersei's remark about hearing somewhere that Tyrion's nose was chopped off.
2581	Sun & Stars	2013-04-01	Wasn't Daenerys fluent in high valrian? She didnt seem too bothered by the westerosi whore comments
2582	Justin Danford	2013-04-01	I liked Cersei's remark about hearing somewhere that Tyrion's nose was chopped off."it's not as bad as people are saying"haha I thought that too, that was a great way to write in "hey we aren't cgi'ing peter's nose off"
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 01 April 2013 - 01:31 AM.
2583	teemo	2013-04-01	-If they included the whole puppy killing thing as well as killing babies, it would just seem ridiculous. Nobody is that awful.-I like the rivalry between Cersei and Tyrion. Don;t the books say that Cersei considers herself to be Tywin with teats?  It's not a stretch to assume that she would seek Tywin's approval.-Joff did threaten his mother with death in season 2 if she ever slapped him again. I love that he's putting on a big facade to gain Margaery's approval. It's just like the little shit to do so.-It appears that Ros might be the replacement for Ser Dontos. If she's moving up in the world, she could be used to relay LF's words to Sansa-I'm guessing Robb will depart to Riverrun next episode and leave Roose to hold Harrenhal. That sets up Jaime being brought to him later. Roose can regroup with Robb at the Twins in episode 8 or 9.I didn't say i disliked the rivalry; I was just wondering how similar it was in the books/if it even existed.I don't think the puppy thing would be too ridiculous for this show...I mean, lots of characters have been way beyond awful :\ I don't really care if they include it or not though. There doesn't seem to be much of a reason to mention both.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 01 April 2013 - 01:39 AM.
2584	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	I didn't say i disliked the rivalry; I was just wondering how similar it was in the books/if it even existed.I don't think the puppy thing would be too ridiculous for this show...I mean, lots of characters have been way beyond awful :\ I don't really care if they include it or not though. There doesn't seem to be much of a reason to mention both.The rivalry isn't in the books, but could have existed. It's a bit like Margaery/Renly and Robert's war stories. It doesn't happen, but the scenes fit into Martin's vision.
2585	teemo	2013-04-01	The rivalry isn't in the books, but could have existed. It's a bit like Margaery/Renly and Robert's war stories. It doesn't happen, but the scenes fit into Martin's vision.Yeah, I agree.  It seemed to fit just fine.
2586	TheeMikeHoncho	2013-04-01	Why is Ghost with the Nightswatch?
2587	Eyehate	2013-04-01	Wasn't Daenerys fluent in high valrian? She didnt seem too bothered by the westerosi whore commentsYep, its a ruse basically.She knows reacting to the comments won't really help her get the unsullied since he would probably just not bother selling to her at that point.  So she is going to get what she wants and then she'll show him whats what....melty-face style.
2588	Titan	2013-04-01	Wasn't Daenerys fluent in high valrian? She didnt seem too bothered by the westerosi whore commentsYes, and she likely is in the show as well. So far the translation bit seems to follow the book.
2589	Castel	2013-04-01	I don't like this change to Jon's motivation or his explanation of it. The one he gave in the books would have taken about three minutes more in an episode already packed but it makes more sense.His explanation makes...no sense. Well, it does if Mance doesn't push him and just eats his explanations, but Mance probably wouldn't do that. Mormont knew about Craster...so Mormont isn't fighting for the living? So the solution is going with the people that'll almost certainly get the Nightswatch, the only thing standing between the world and the Others, killed? And how are the Wildlings fighting for the living? They're running.The explanation given in the books works perfectly. Granted it'd require both more set-up now that Mance isn't a bard and might've been implausible but it seems far less implausible than Mance just buying Jon's shit.Jon is simply fed up with being treated like shit. End of. Any man can understand that. And we get to see his bitterness, which is only really explored in one scene for about two seconds.
2590	Eyehate	2013-04-01	Why is Ghost with the Nightswatch?Uhm.....ya....Why is ghost not with Jon? And why didn't they talk about Jon's being a warg?  I know they talked about that during that scene in the book.Also, I was a bit bummed they cut Mance's trip to Winterfell and the revelation of it to Jon.
2591	Eyehate	2013-04-01	I don't like this change to Jon's motivation or his explanation of it. The one he gave in the books would have taken about three minutes more in an episode already packed but it makes more sense.His explanation makes...no sense. Well, it does if Mance doesn't push him and just eats his explanations, but Mance probably wouldn't do that. Mormont knew about Craster...so Mormont isn't fighting for the living? So the solution is going with the people that'll almost certainly get the Nightswatch, the only thing standing between the world and the Others, killed? And how are the Wildlings fighting for the living? They're running.The explanation given in the books works perfectly. Granted it'd require both more set-up now that Mance isn't a bard and might've been implausible but it seems far less implausible than Mance just buying Jon's shit.Jon is simply fed up with being treated like shit. End of. Any man can understand that. And we get to see his bitterness, which is only really explored in one scene for about two seconds.Ya thinking about it Mance still knew who Jon is, Jon could still have mounted a "woe is me the bastard" speech.  I think another 20-30 seconds of dialogue there might have been enough possibly.
2592	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Why is Ghost with the Nightswatch?This was a headscratcher. The CGI looked good, though. Either way, I'm guessing that he reunites with Jon when he reaches the Fist with Mance.
2593	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-01	There are two things that bugged me.1. the beginning. They didn't show at all how Sam managed to get away from the attack when he was at the start of it last season. I thought they were going to go somewhere with it. I thought he did send the ravens, so that was confusing2. It didn't make it clear that Dany (and Jorah?) can speak and understand Valyrian, but maybe it will later.I was going to mention the manticore/child change and Barristan revealing himself right away, but both translate to the screen better this way. I think. But other than that I loved itI guess instead of returning to the fist to try and send the ravens, he stood behind a rock and pissed himself. Dany can for sure and it seems like Jorah he looks at the guy when he says tell the guy he smells like piss. Dany tries very hard in the books not to respond until the translation happens. As far as the show goes, it would be more of a surprise to find out she didn't need the translator at all or maybe in the show she can't speak High Valaryian.Why the introduction of Qyburn without a connection to the Mummers/Lannisters? That will be trouble later onâ<U+0080>¦and who will cauterize Jamieâ<U+0080><U+0099>s stump? Well, I guess they could leave him behind with Roose when they bug out for Riverrun, at which point he will become a creature of Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s, but he needs that Lannister connection later, soâ<U+0080>¦what gives?? Ugh, the whole thing with Robb still bugs me from last season. The changes better not wreck the impact of the RW.   In one of the trailers there's a shot of Jaime in Harrenhall, with a sling on his arm and Qyburn behind him, so he dresses the wound most likely.The understanding of Valyrian thing bugged me too, but hope theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll explain that later when Dany talks to Kraz again.  I suppose the audience is expected to be surprised that she could understand the guy talking the whole time.Also disappointed that they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let Sam show his developing courage by sending the ravens off. He DID send one wave of them and they DID have messages. He screwed up the second round in the books.  Really? I thought he wrote the messages out, before hand, but when the time came to send them he forgot to put his notes on them.Wasn't Daenerys fluent in high valrian? She didnt seem too bothered by the westerosi whore commentsCan't read her poker face? Jorah reacts a bit to the knight smells like piss line. Dany keeps her composure except when she's listening to the baby story and when she realizes that the owner is going to hurt one just to make a point....
2594	Travex	2013-04-01	In the books I don't think Bronn abandons Tyrion until after the PW. I distinctly recall their "parting of ways" conversation when Tyrion tries to convince him to fight Gregor but he declines and mentions that Cersei has already promised him a castle and a wife. So for whoever mentioned it, Bronn still working for Tyrion in Season 3 is not a deviation.
2595	JMJ	2013-04-01	Are they really cutting out Belwas? That would be sad. 
Weren't Val and Dalla in the room with Mance when Jon meets them?
The actor that plays Krasnys looks just like Montel Williams.
I did think the Tyrion - Tywin scene was awesome.
2596	Bayard	2013-04-01	Why is ghost not with Jon? And why didn't they talk about Jon's being a warg?  I know they talked about that during that scene in the book.Bad writing??? budget?? Don't know. But in the books, I doubt they would have taken Jon if he wasn't a warg, if he didn't have a huge direwolf to impress them /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2597	Maester Ruin	2013-04-01	Did you notice when Roose said that he had sent his best "Hunter" to catch jamie? i got the vibe he was refering to Ramsay (who is known for his so called hunting). If Ramsay catches jamie and cuts of his hand, wouldnt that screw up the entire Lannister-bolton alliance? and what about Ramsay and Theon?
2598	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Did you notice when Roose said that he had sent his best "Hunter" to catch jamie? i got the vibe he was refering to Ramsay (who is known for his so called hunting). If Ramsay catches jamie and cuts of his hand, wouldnt that screw up the entire Lannister-bolton alliance? and what about Ramsay and Theon?I think he's referring to Locke.
2599	TheEvilKing	2013-04-01	Ghost is with the Night's Watch instead of Jon because of the Jon/Ygritte scenes last season.
2600	Maester Ruin	2013-04-01	Either way i am confused, from what we see in the trailers Robb will spend some time in Harrenhal, along with Roose. And since The Brave Companions seems to have been written out of the TV-series (or at least Vargo, according to the wiki), there are only two possible ways that Jamies mutilation can go down:
1. Robb Stark cuts it off to send a Message to the Lannisters, then Robb leaves and Roose frees Jamie to set up the RW scheme
2. Roose/Ramsay (if hes the hunter roose was refering to) does it after Robb leaves Harrenhal, wich would break the possibility of a Lannister-Bolton alliance.
Also, im surprised that the Starks never mentioned the Sack of Winterfell. The word should have reached them now should it not?
2601	Khal Porno	2013-04-01	Bad writing???Really? Come on.
2602	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	Snow never finds the dragonglass(obsidian). So they burn a White Walker? Can you burn a White Walker? I thought that was for wights but never proven of WW. I'm also clueless when it comes to Harranhal. What was that? I think I see how it will go with Locke being Roose's best hunter but no explanation of what was seen in episode 1.
2603	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	Littlefinger is sailing away and wants to take Sansa with him? In the end it works out kinda like this but there are many events Sansa has to be in KL for before she leaves. Man I hope they don't totally screw up the weddings in KL.
2604	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	Snow's explanation of why he wants to join Mance was great. I actually liked this better than the book version.
2605	Faceless Sam	2013-04-01	what did he say in the book again?
2606	Crown	2013-04-01	Snow's explanation of why he wants to join Mance was great. I actually liked this better than the book version.I don't remember the book reason, can you remind me?
2607	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	I don't remember the book reason, can you remind me?And did you see where i i was seated Mance, See where they put the bastard
2608	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-01	Well the way I understood it was that it was kind of ambiguous, whether or not she really did betray him or was being forced into it by Tywin against her will.  From Tyrion's perspective of course, she definitively did.Since it's pretty clear that she actually loves him on the show and she is a "good guy," I don't think she is going to betray him, but he will think she does and kill her.  Very sad.they seemed to be setting that up with the conversation with Tywin
2609	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Many deviations.  I'm listening to Just a Minute on Radio 4 atm and D&D would have lost.
2610	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	Snow never finds the dragonglass(obsidian). So they burn a White Walker? Can you burn a White Walker? I thought that was for wights but never proven of WW. I'm also clueless when it comes to Harranhal. What was that? I think I see how it will go with Locke being Roose's best hunter but no explanation of what was seen in episode 1.Mormont burned a wight, not a white walker.And they needed to get Roose to Harrenhal, job done.  Think it was fairly obvious that the Mountain had just butchered the northern prisoners.
2611	Fragon	2013-04-01	QuoteAnd did you see where i i was seated Mance, See where they put the bastardAnd also, in season was Jon wasn't at the feast at all, that's maybe why they couldn't use the book version?
2612	Silverx2	2013-04-01	I did not like the change of Jon's first meeting with Mance.
The story of the bastard at the outskirts of the feast really sold Jon to Mance IMO
2613	awesome possum	2013-04-01	Yeah, that was my biggest issue.  I know they changed it so that he wasn't at the feast at all that night, but that still works.  "And did you see me at the feast?  Do you know where the bastard was?"
Too much exposition time, I imagine.  So much stuff going on this season a lot of it is going to be streamlined.  If anyone thought missing/changed stuff was bad before...
2614	Nezzer	2013-04-01	I never understood why Mance thought that Jon being a bastard was reason enough for him to join the wildlings. So what he doesn't like being a bastard? What difference did that make at the Wall, where everyone is equal? Didn't make much sense to me in the book. Jon was much more convincing in the show. My only gripe with that scene in the show was that they cut Mance's tale about infiltrating Robert's feast at Winterfell. That was pretty awesome in the book and I wish they hadn't cut it. Still, there's a chance we might get that tale in another conversation, in another episode.
					
					
							Edited by Nezzer, 01 April 2013 - 01:06 PM.
2615	ChillinLikeSerIlyn	2013-04-01	Littlefinger is sailing away and wants to take Sansa with him? In the end it works out kinda like this but there are many events Sansa has to be in KL for before she leaves. Man I hope they don't totally screw up the weddings in KL.I'm assuming that Littlefinger's plan to take Sansa with him will be foiled when she marries Tyrion, so it will still ultimately play out somewhat like in the book.
2616	Arataniello	2013-04-01	In addition to all of the differences noted above, there is also the fact that Sansa explicitly learns that Arya is alive. 
IDHMBIFOM, but I am pretty certain that this is not the case in the books.  The only thing I can remember is Sansa thinking, towards the end of aFfC, that it would be wonderful to see Jon Snow again, as all her other siblings are dead.
2617	ServantOnIce	2013-04-01	Why is Ghost with the Nightswatch?He barked the words . .   that is why.   I liked the change of story with Ghost kicking butt.I think the story played down the power of the direwolves too much in the books. Grey Wind and Nymeria are the ones repeatedly kicking butt.  Good for Ghost to get some action.
2618	awesome possum	2013-04-01	To be fair, Littlefinger didn't really say Arya was alive.  He said something like, "Your mother was delighted to hear you're okay... and your sister.""Arya is alive?"And he just kind of looked at her.  I'm going to rewatch the episode when I get home from work, though, because I feel like I missed a lot of the small stuff while trying to take everything in at once. I never understood why Mance thought that Jon being a bastard was reason enough for him to join the wildlings. So what he doesn't like being a bastard? What difference did that make at the Wall, where everyone is equal? Didn't make much sense to me in the book.This is just my opinion, but Mance is also a bastard who never felt at home with the "family" who raised him, the Nights Watch.  Purely unintentional to hit the mark on Jon's part, but hit the mark he did.
2619	Nymeria's pup	2013-04-01	I am glad they did not talk about the puppies and the Unsullied. I feel weird admitting this but I was way more upset that they had to kill the puppy than I was that they had to kill a baby. I guess it was because they raised the pup for a year and bonded with it. Killing an infant in front of its mother is horrific, but at least they did not have any attachment to it. Great scene in the show I thought.
I am ok with the changes regarding Baristan. They have to shed some of the story lines for tv and I don't think this one will upset the plot in the long run. The same with having the kiddie assassin as trying to explain the Sorrowful Men would take precious time away. It got the point across. I miss Belwas (sp?) though maybe they can bring him in later.
I also understand why they have Littlefinger talking to Sansa too. Again it cuts out a layer of the plot without affecting the story too much. I mean I would love it if they kept it as is, but TV LF is a weak version of book LF, so it fits I suppose. I was more interested in Ros warning Shea about LF. His motivations are so unclear in the book with regard to Sansa IMHO; I can not decide if he is really helping or hurting her. The fact that we get this clear warning makes me wonder if this is not a huge clue. Or maybe I am just so desperate for an inkling of what will happen in future books (since we know the show runners have a vague idea of the outcome of the series) that I am seeing clues where there are none!
As for things that were not in the book, but were in the show I loved Margaery Tyrell's scenes! It really gives you a sense of how the Tyrells plan to play the game.
					
					
							Edited by Nymeria's pup, 01 April 2013 - 01:14 PM.
2620	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	The Littlefinger /Arya meeting at Harranhal seemed very improbable to me that he wouldn't recognize her. I think D@D are taking a different approach here and he did recognize her after all.
2621	Mappy	2013-04-01	This was a headscratcher. The CGI looked good, though. Either way, I'm guessing that he reunites with Jon when he reaches the Fist with Mance.Ghost does not reunite with Jon until Jon returns to Castle Black. In the book, Jon tells Ghost to go to Castle Black prior to him reaching the Wildling camp
2622	awesome possum	2013-04-01	Yep, they know he's a Warg because Varamyr recognizes him as one or Birgitte talks about how he controlled Ghost, or something like that.
2623	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	It's funny because Margaery Tyrell helping the orphans was exactly what I was thinking of part of how she won the love of the people. Bringing in food for starving people worked. It seems that someone when reading thought there needed to be something extra that won over the city for her. Even though it was not in the books I felt like she was doing something extra that Cersei and Joff weren't aware of. Glad to see a deviation that actually fit what I was thinking there.
2624	protar	2013-04-01	Strangely I wasn't too bothered with the changes so far (though no doubt that will change.).
Both Robb at Harrenhal and the opening scene were actually there to fix something they'd messed up in the previous season (i.e Roose not arriving at Harrenhal, and Ghost vanishing.) so while I was pissed we didn't get a battle at the fist I thought both those changes (which I consider the main ones.) where in good spirit at least.
I did not like the portrayal of Tormund. I'd heard better things about Hivju and he seemed to have masses of energy in the interviews I've seen, perfect for playing Tormund. So I'll blame the writing on that. Most of the invented scenes were just characterisation ones which rather than outright plot deviations which have never bothered me too much even if the book scenes are consistently better written. The only one that got on my nerves was the Sansa/LF scene making her look like an idiot.
2625	protar	2013-04-01	Ghost does not reunite with Jon until Jon returns to Castle Black. In the book, Jon tells Ghost to go to Castle Black prior to him reaching the Wildling campActually Jon sends Ghost off before climbing the Wall, which looks to be in E6. So hopefully we'll get Ghost and Jon back together next episode or the episode after.
2626	Maester Tormund	2013-04-01	They showed Rickard Karstark and Roose Bolton at the front with Robb as they rode up to Harrenhal (I believe at least) as if they were his two top lieutenants.  Is this so that they can set up the Lannister murder he commits and Robb's execution of him?  Or because they are going to be trying to include Karstark into the whole RW secret alliance?
2627	Mappy	2013-04-01	Actually Jon sends Ghost off before climbing the Wall, which looks to be in E6. So hopefully we'll get Ghost and Jon back together next episode or the episode after.Oh, you're right. Either way Ghost shouldn't be with the Nights Watch at this point in the show /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Mappy, 01 April 2013 - 01:24 PM.
2628	Arbor Gold I'm Sold	2013-04-01	I could be wrong in my recollection but I thought Snow sent Ghost off when it was time to climb the wall
2629	Mappy	2013-04-01	I could be wrong in my recollection but I thought Snow sent Ghost off when it was time to climb the wallYes, was my mistake /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2630	vonstorm	2013-04-01	It's the first episode I don't want to be so severe with the portrayal of Tormund, although I should say introduction. We still have plenty of time to "know" him as we did it on the books. 
What is really bothering me is the scene of Sam and the White Walkers, he was more lost than he was. It kinda devalue what he did in the books.
2631	Newstar	2013-04-01	To be fair, Littlefinger didn't really say Arya was alive.  He said something like, "Your mother was delighted to hear you're okay... and your sister.""Arya is alive?"Yeah, Littlefinger phrased it as follows: "I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you. And your sister." There are two ways to interpret that:1. Not long ago, I saw Catelyn and your sister (implying Arya's with Catelyn).2. I saw Catelyn not long ago. She's very eager to see you...and your sister.#2 is technically true--Catelyn's eager to see Arya and Sansa again--but the way he's phrased it makes it sound as if he's seen both of them together. And Littlefinger never answers when Sansa asks "Arya's alive?", suggesting he's letting her believe what he wants her to believe (that she can be reunited with Catelyn and Arya).Because of the Harrenhal thing, though, I hope we get confirmation on whether Littlefinger actually recognized Arya. I guess we'll see, depending on how the Fake Arya plot is dealt with this season.I was more interested in Ros warning Shea about LF. His motivations are so unclear in the book with regard to Sansa IMHO; I can not decide if he is really helping or hurting her. The fact that we get this clear warning makes me wonder if this is not a huge clue.I'm more interested in what Shae is going to do with that little tidbit. Is she going to warn Sansa? Warn Tyrion about LF? The episode synopsis for 3x02 said that Shae is going to ask Tyrion for a favour. Could it have something to do with Ros' warning?Littlefinger is sailing away and wants to take Sansa with him? In the end it works out kinda like this but there are many events Sansa has to be in KL for before she leaves. Man I hope they don't totally screw up the weddings in KL.Well, assuming that Littlefinger's not lying here (which is fair enough, since TV Littlefinger seems more bumbling than Book Littlefinger), it almost sounds as if there are going to be two plans:Plan A: Get permission from Tywin to go to the Vale to woo Lysa (the "assignment" Petyr referenced in 3x01), nab Sansa on a moment's notice and smuggle her out on the way to the Vale. No amethyst hairnet, no waiting until the PW, no Tyrell involvement in the plot in this point, just get up and go.I'm thinking Plan A gets sunk when Littlefinger tries to fetch Sansa or tell her he's heading out and she refuses to go with him, saying she's going to marry the Tyrell instead. Littlefinger leaves anyway, goes to the Vale, pitches woo. (Either he tells someone before he leaves about the marriage plot or someone else reveals the truth.) While he's away, Sansa is married off to Tyrion. By the time he returns, Sansa is already married, the RW has happened, and Sansa is even more desperate to get out of KL. Plan B comes into effect.Plan B: Amethyst hairnet and PW.There was no Plan A/Plan B in the books, obviously, but this seems to be the way the show is going.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 01:41 PM.
2632	DasKapital	2013-04-01	#1 concern
WHERE IS BELWAS :'(
2633	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-01	Some observations
Beyond the wall:
- a cosmetic nitpick first: We get to see our first giant. (Yay!) But it looks wrong. The books explicitly state that giants don't look like that. They basically look like Yetis. This is probably a sign of how badly the show is doing budget-wise. They couldn't even afford to give him a Chewbacca-style suit, let alone CGI. Still, I'm extremely greatfull that we get to see giants at all. I'll probably have to forget about Mamooths, though.
- the explanation given to Mance by Jon seemed to work in the trailers, not so much in the finished product. The explanation in the books was better but probably requires more setup that the showrunners coudn't be bothered with.
- there are not many scenes with Jon yet, but I have the lingering sensation that the show is keeping the trend of making Jon look like a fool. That's maybe a reaction to the "Jon is a mary sue" crowd of book fans. Well show Jon isn't a mary sue, but that's going to come back and bite the showrunners in the a$$ when they make him Lord Commander. In the books, mary sue or not, by that point it's well established that Jon is awesome. But making show-Jon lord commander will feel forced and may surprise many viewers.
- It's still early in the season but Ciran Hinds doesn't look quite right to me in the role of Mance. I get it that he's a respected actor and has many fans from that Rome show, but in my eyes he can't pull off the "poet king" look of book Mance (somthing that another actor, like Viggo Mortensen, would have done much better). This is probably why they are altering the character a bit. It makes sense for show-Mance to suit the strengths of the actor playing him.
Beyond the narrow sea:
- another "cosmetic" thing. Where are the elaborate Ghiscari hairstyles? Kraznys is basically bald.
- on Barristan's reveal. I think they could have kept his identity a secret for now. Yes the fans would have recognized him, but knowing that Dany doesn't know would have created it's own kind of dramatic tension.
Allso, in the Books Baristan's secret is revealed concomitently with Jorah's fall from grace. In the show, I expect to see Barristan spending most of the season trying to prove himself, while he and Jorah scheme against eachother, and in the finale he drops the bomb about Jorah bing the spy, as his final act of replacing Jorah as Dany's right hand.
In the seven Kingdoms
- I think Robb won't be spending much time in Harrenhall. This episode was probably just to resolve the capture of Harrenhall and put Roose in charge there (since it didn't happen in S2). We know Robb & Co. will go to Riverrun this season for Hoster's funeral
- On Quyburn's introduction: when I saw he was the only one moving among the dead, I immediately tought "infiltrator!", even before I saw the maester robes or heard the name. So I suppose this is the angle they will be working on in the show
- Salador Saan is allready jumping ship? If he bails out now, he will be a very underused character. Why even bother introducing him in the first place?
Allso, I was surprised to see Davos and Stannis reappearing so early in the season. Given that they won't have much to do, I had expected the showrunners to save their re-introduction for later
2634	vonstorm	2013-04-01	Also, I kinda like that we didn't have Whitebeard. When I was reading the book I was wondering how they will pull that of. In the books we have that mistery of no knowing since we can't see any faces but in the show we obviously can see Barristan. He could have lie to Dany but not to us there would be no surprise (as we had it in the book), for me a lie would be a waste.
But yeah, Belwas D:
2635	Lord Varys	2013-04-01	I very much doubt that there is a secret Red Wedding alliance yet in the show. They have time to build up in that direction, and Karstark is not going to be a part of it.
As to Jon and Mance: The whole thing about Jon being a part of of Qhorin's party for 'seasoning' (straight from the book) and his story about Mormont and Craster don't add up. In the book Jon tried to keep it from Mance that the NW was out in full force. That's why he tells he has been sent to the Shadow Tower. Mance later is really pissed when they reach the Fist and find the corpses.
Why Mance would buy this story about the NW not trying to fight the Others is beyond me. Just as was the whole Jon-Mormont conversation last season. In the book Mormont suspects that Craster sacrifices his children, but no one has a clue about the fact that he actually is in contact with the Others. If that was the case - in both show and book - the NW would surely want to question Craster about his relationship to their ancient arch enemy, and use his knowledge about them. Finally, they would actually kill them if they knew for sure that the Others are out there and that he is helping them. Considering a man who worships the Others an ally in the fight against the Others is obviously contradictory. And it got worse now when Jon actually made an argument out of this whole mess.
As to Roose's presence on screen:
Now we pay the price for all those Arya-Tywin scenes in season 2. They were unnecessary. If Roose had taken Harrenhal last season, we would have seen much more of him, and could actually judge his character somewhat.
Qyburn most likely is going to treat Jaime's stump only after Locke has brought him to Harrenhal. That should work. And since he'll accompany Brienne and Jaime later on, we have time enough to learn something about his past.
2636	wolverine	2013-04-01	It looks like Bronn is here to stay longer instead of being Cersei's new pet.  They kind of got themselves into this by having Tyrion make him a knight last season, so Cersei can't really offer him that, I guess. It gives us more time to see Bronn, which is nice. Because everyone loves Bronn.  But isn't Bronn pretty much done with Tyrion at this point?Bronn cares about being a knight?  He cares about money and women.  She can still offer him a position/woman that provides those things.
2637	protar	2013-04-01	Some observationsBeyond the wall:- a cosmetic nitpick first: We get to see our first giant. (Yay!) But it looks wrong. The books explicitly state that giants don't look like that. They basically look like Yetis. This is probably a sign of how badly the show is doing budget-wise. They couldn't even afford to give him a Chewbacca-style suit, let alone CGI. Still, I'm extremely greatfull that we get to see giants at all. I'll probably have to forget about Mamooths, though.I actually thought the Giant looked great. That was probably my second or third favourite scene this episode (the others being the Unsullied and Tywin/Tyrion.). He wasn't as described in the books but he looked sufficiently inhuman for me anyway. I think the look was an artistic decision rather than a budget one.
2638	wolverine	2013-04-01	Beyond the narrow sea:- another "cosmetic" thing. Where are the elaborate Ghiscari hairstyles? Kraznys is basically bald.Wasn't Illyrio supposed to have a yellow-beard and be about 4 times as fat?  I don't think they will be doing many of the ridiculous hairstyles.
2639	wolverine	2013-04-01	I actually thought the Giant looked great. That was probably my second or third favourite scene this episode (the others being the Unsullied and Tywin/Tyrion.). He wasn't as described in the books but he looked sufficiently inhuman for me anyway. I think the look was an artistic decision rather than a budget one.I liked how the giant looked, even though it wasn't how I pictured them.
2640	teemo	2013-04-01	Bronn cares about being a knight?  He cares about money and women.  She can still offer him a position/woman that provides those things.sorry, you're right. i just kind of meant that along with knighthood cersei gave him lollys and land. it didn't really make sense in a technical way for tyrion to knight bronn, but it happened and it worked out alright...but yeah, you're right - cersei can still offer him more. i'm an idiot.
2641	Mappy	2013-04-01	Qyburn most likely is going to treat Jaime's stump only after Locke has brought him to Harrenhal. That should work. And since he'll accompany Brienne and Jaime later on, we have time enough to learn something about his past.Yeah, I think Qyburn will stay at Harrenhal where he will serve Roose. Eventually Jamie and Brienne will make their way there, where Qyburn will treat Jamie's hand, and eventually make his way to Kings Landing.Does anyone know if The Goat was cast for the season?
2642	Newstar	2013-04-01	Does anyone know if The Goat was cast for the season?There is no Vargo Hoat. There is a character named Locke, played by Noah Taylor, who will be taking over the role of Vargo Hoat. He's one of the Bolton bannermen. Roose alluded to him in 3x01: "My best hunter's after [the Kingslayer]." There's been lots of praise in 3x01-3x04 reviews for Locke, so it should be good. "Thapphireth" is out, though.- another "cosmetic" thing. Where are the elaborate Ghiscari hairstyles? Kraznys is basically bald.I suspect the Ghiscari hairstyles went the way of Daario's blue hair and Dany's Qartheen breast-exposing gowns: things that would look dumb or eyeroll-inducing on TV.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 02:03 PM.
2643	Mappy	2013-04-01	There is no Vargo Hoat. There is a character named Locke, played by Noah Taylor, who will be taking over the role of Vargo Hoat. He's one of the Bolton bannermen. Roose alluded to him in 3x01: "My best hunter's after [the Kingslayer]." There's been lots of praise in 3x01-3x04 reviews for Locke, so it should be good. "Thapphireth" is out, though.Ah, many thanks. I was looking forward to a little lisp action this season.
2644	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-01	I'm just lost as to what went down at Harrenhal, was there a battle, why were all the northmen dead, where is the mountain?
2645	protar	2013-04-01	There is no Vargo Hoat. There is a character named Locke, played by Noah Taylor, who will be taking over the role of Vargo Hoat. He's one of the Bolton bannermen. Roose alluded to him in 3x01: "My best hunter's after [the Kingslayer]." There's been lots of praise in 3x01-3x04 reviews for Locke, so it should be good. "Thapphireth" is out, though.I suspect the Ghiscari hairstyles went the way of Daario's blue hair and Dany's Qartheen breast-exposing gowns: things that would look dumb or eyeroll-inducing on TV.I am a tad disappointed that we didn't get at least toned down versions of these things. I think Qartheen gowns would have worked very well on television /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> and at least some styled red hair could have made an appearance in Astapor. It's just a nitpick though really, because I thought Astapor was great.
2646	The She Wolf	2013-04-01	I liked most of the changes really. I loved the added scenes with Margaery. I liked the reason Jon gave to Mance, it actually made a lot of sense to me. Barristan's appearance was great, the Artsan Whitebeard thing wouldn't have worked on TV. Robb comes to Harrenhall, Talisa saves Qyburn, they leave the place to Roose, Locke somehow brings Jaime and Brienne there..I think that can work.
I really hope Sam does get to be a slayer though. It's a big part of his character. If he doesn't in a future episode that would really suck.
What I really don't like is the LF "helping" Sansa upfront. That was such an awesome reveal in the books that I personally think could have worked on TV as well.
2647	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2013-04-01	Essentially......
Margaery change plus dinner scene- No problem with this really. I think that the writers kind of have to factor in that despite Cersei's internal monologues and complete distrust of the Tyrells seeming paranoid, it's not entirely so. Having the Tyrells in the background so much ala the books wouldn't work so well IMO. So no prob with this.
Robb/Catelyn et al. It is what it is now. The Catelyn we know and love is lost I fear.
Jon's story change was quite annoying, although I think that the whole "Mance saw Jon at the Feast" thing could be brought back at another point. Could work well in a later scene.
Sam and Ghost- Very annoying. Sam didn't get the ravens off? Well no shit, that's probably because he was on patrol and not tending the ravens. I'm glad that Ghost's presence has been cleared up now. It's good to know that instead of using him to promote the Jon/Qhorin story he was involved in saving Sam for reasons I don't really know.
I still have no clue why they got rid of Dontos. They are murdering my favourite Lord Protector.
2648	Ser Filip	2013-04-01	Did LF recognize Arya at Harrenhal??beacuse he said to Sansa that he saw her sister
2649	Newstar	2013-04-01	I still have no clue why they got rid of Dontos. They are murdering my favourite Lord Protector.To give Aidan Gillen something to do in Season 3? LF lies pretty low during the first half of ASOS, so giving LF more direct involvement in Sansa's escape plot gives him more scenes. It also seems that the TV show is spelling out certain things which weren't immediately apparent in the books--Margaery is savvy and power-hungry, for one--so showing more of LF plotting to get Sansa out of KL is in line with that.It sounds as if the showrunners were planning to do more with Dontos--scenes were filmed that were cut--but scrapped it, for whatever reason. Some speculate it's because Dontos' actor's acting wasn't up to snuff, but I think it had more to do with giving Dontos' role to Shae and LF.
2650	Mappy	2013-04-01	I liked most of the changes really. I loved the added scenes with Margaery. I liked the reason Jon gave to Mance, it actually made a lot of sense to me. Barristan's appearance was great, the Artsan Whitebeard thing wouldn't have worked on TV. Robb comes to Harrenhall, Talisa saves Qyburn, they leave the place to Roose, Locke somehow brings Jaime and Brienne there..I think that can work.I really hope Sam does get to be a slayer though. It's a big part of his character. If he doesn't in a future episode that would really suck.What I really don't like is the LF "helping" Sansa upfront. That was such an awesome reveal in the books that I personally think could have worked on TV as well.Ugh, I hated the reason Jon gave Mance. The books explanation was so much better. The whole exchange last night felt very rushed and incomplete to me.
2651	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-01	will they ever reveal the whole mance at winterfell thing?
2652	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-01	I actually thought the Giant looked great. That was probably my second or third favourite scene this episode (the others being the Unsullied and Tywin/Tyrion.). He wasn't as described in the books but he looked sufficiently inhuman for me anyway. I think the look was an artistic decision rather than a budget one.I'm not saying the giant looked bad, just...bland. He looked like a standard fantasy giant, and I don't think that's the effect that Martin was going for in the books.Wasn't Illyrio supposed to have a yellow-beard and be about 4 times as fat?  I don't think they will be doing many of the ridiculous hairstyles.Yes, Illyrio was changed too. But for him the changes didn't seem so important. For the Ghiscari, their elaborate hairstyles are an important part of their culture. That's why the Shavepate makes such a big deal out of cutting his hair. Anyway, as I said, I am willing to look at it as just a cosmetic thing, not something that would "ruin" the show for meBTW: about the Quartheen gowns mentioned by another poster. They aren't that ridiculous. I know ancient Egyptians used them, and maybe some other cultures too. Modesty may have been a reason to exclude them from the show, but the show never cared about modesty to begin with.I'm just lost as to what went down at Harrenhal, was there a battle, why were all the northmen dead, where is the mountain?The Mountain evacuated Harrenhall without a fight (as Robb was expecting) and killed all the northern prisoners before that. We know from S2 that the Crown is using Harrenhall as a prisoner camp, and now all those prisoners are dead.The purpose of the scene is just to show Harrenhall changing hands, to introduce Quyburn and to set up Bolton's rule there, all things which should have been done in Season 2.
2653	The She Wolf	2013-04-01	Ugh, I hated the reason Jon gave Mance. The books explanation was so much better. The whole exchange last night felt very rushed and incomplete to me.Oh I liked the book version a lot, while I was reading it. But I don't think it would have translated well into the flow of episode one. They needed to focus on a bunch of story lines and with whatever time they could give Jon, they had to have him also taken in by Mance. And that line I felt had just the right impact. "I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Have I come to the right place?""We'll need to get you a new cloak"It also lays a good foundation for the future of Jon's character development.
2654	ipsuel	2013-04-01	Ugh, I hated the reason Jon gave Mance. The books explanation was so much better. The whole exchange last night felt very rushed and incomplete to me.I wasn't a fan either, I wanted the convo to go exactly as it did in the book -- however, I think they needed to work in the fact that Jon saw a WW taking Craster's son last season... Since it didn't happen in the books, it would be silly to fabricate that whole scene without reason... using what he saw/Mormon's reaction as one of his "reasons for turning his cloak" makes last years scene more applicable to the overall story.And they can still add in Mance knowing Jon from Winterfell in any later convo, cuz they left the lead into it place ("You're Ned Stark's bastard")...  they can revisit that anytime now that that line is in.Edit: typo
					
					
							Edited by ipsuel, 01 April 2013 - 02:38 PM.
2655	Mappy	2013-04-01	Oh I liked the book version a lot, while I was reading it. But I don't think it would have translated well into the flow of episode one. They needed to focus on a bunch of story lines and with whatever time they could give Jon, they had to have him also taken in by Mance. And that line I felt had just the right impact. "I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Have I come to the right place?""We'll need to get you a new cloak"It also lays a good foundation for the future of Jon's character development.Yeah, I understand why they did it. Just not happy that they did it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2656	Arataniello	2013-04-01	Did LF recognize Arya at Harrenhal??beacuse he said to Sansa that he saw her sisterSee Newstar's concise (and excellent) analysis of what LF said, and the ambiguous meanings it could have had (upthread).  I think at this point we can only wait to see what happens in future episodes to determine what the real meaning was behind LF's words.
2657	Guardian of the Lhazareen	2013-04-01	I'm not saying the giant looked bad, just...bland. He looked like a standard fantasy giant, and I don't think that's the effect that Martin was going for in the books.Yes, Illyrio was changed too. But for him the changes didn't seem so important. For the Ghiscari, their elaborate hairstyles are an important part of their culture. That's why the Shavepate makes such a big deal out of cutting his hair. Anyway, as I said, I am willing to look at it as just a cosmetic thing, not something that would "ruin" the show for meBTW: about the Quartheen gowns mentioned by another poster. They aren't that ridiculous. I know ancient Egyptians used them, and maybe some other cultures too. Modesty may have been a reason to exclude them from the show, but the show never cared about modesty to begin with.The Mountain evacuated Harrenhall without a fight (as Robb was expecting) and killed all the northern prisoners before that. We know from S2 that the Crown is using Harrenhall as a prisoner camp, and now all those prisoners are dead.The purpose of the scene is just to show Harrenhall changing hands, to introduce Quyburn and to set up Bolton's rule there, all things which should have been done in Season 2.I thought as much, Thanks
2658	BericDondarrion	2013-04-01	Anyone think the Giants don't look as how you pictured them in the Books?They look 20 feet tall in the show minimum, and they aren't hairy/furry enough.They definitely look nice on the show but not exactly how I pictured them.Hoping to see mammoths too.
2659	xDireWolfx93	2013-04-01	I really did not like how they started the episode. Sam hasn't had any character development in terms of courage and I really enjoy how brave he gets in the 3rd book. The fact that Ghost rescued him was pretty iffy for me. Not to mention, why on earth are we left to assume that every single white walker walked right on by him? I'm disappointed that they didn't make more of that scene.Also, where is Belwas!? He's too hilarious to leave out! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />will they ever reveal the whole mance at winterfell thing?I kind of doubt it. If I remember correctly Jon didn't even go to the feast in the show, he was simply outside training. But perhaps they'll work it in later. They easily could.
2660	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	Oh I liked the book version a lot, while I was reading it. But I don't think it would have translated well into the flow of episode one. They needed to focus on a bunch of story lines and with whatever time they could give Jon, they had to have him also taken in by Mance. And that line I felt had just the right impact."I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Have I come to the right place?""We'll need to get you a new cloak"It also lays a good foundation for the future of Jon's character development.I may be in the minority but I thought that was actually a much better reason than the reason given in the book, but then I also thought Strong Belwas was wholly unnecessary, LOL.I'm getting a little worried about Kit Harrington though, he seems really flat, I'm starting to wish the guy playing Robb Stark was Jon Snow, he's more charismatic and seems to have a wider range.
2661	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	Strange that they changed Davos's story so that he was to blame for the defeat at Blackwater.
2662	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	Strange that they changed Davos's story so that he was to blame for the defeat at Blackwater.Did they change it?  Doesn't he talk Stannis out of taking Mel in the book too?
2663	Is He Dead Yet?	2013-04-01	No Strong Belwas - a shame.
Then again, not sure how they could have done the 'who is Arstan Whitebeard?' thing on the TV - and that didn't make a whole load of sense in the book, anyway. 
Liked Ms Tyrell handing out presents at Maester Barnardo's, which wasn't in the book, obvs.
2664	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	Did they change it?  Doesn't he talk Stannis out of taking Mel in the book too?Yep but he blames ?Imry? Florent in the book for sailing the entire fleet over the chain and into a trap. He also blames his bannerman for persuading him to keep Saladoor's fleets at the vanguard as oppose to the front where they would have been much more use and lastly he mainly puts the defeat down to Tywin's surprise attack.
2665	teemo	2013-04-01	Belwas could have been some great, much-needed comic relief, since Dolorous Edd has been meh...
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 01 April 2013 - 03:05 PM.
2666	brut	2013-04-01	Well, just saw the episode, and boy do I say "shiat"
Jon's encounter with Mance is such a downer! What of the raven's helm? No Abel/Bael background either?
Sam, not even capable of sending ravens?
Tywin, so prettified in the season 2 now looks as a petty crook rather than anything else. His dynamics with Tyrion is all wrong too
Danny got fatter irrespective of her crossing deserts and fighting wars
The whole episode, kind of reminded the hate for screen adaptations of great books.
2667	insertname	2013-04-01	Well, just saw the episode, and boy do I say "shiat"Jon's encounter with Mance is such a downer! What of the raven's helm? No Abel/Bael background either?Sam, not even capable of sending ravens?Tywin, so prettified in the season 2 now looks as a petty crook rather than anything else. His dynamics with Tyrion is all wrong tooDanny got fatter irrespective of her crossing deserts and fighting warsThe whole episode, kind of reminded the hate for screen adaptations of great books.Whaat? The Tywin scene was spot on and perfectly delivered by Charles Mance too...There's a lot you can criticize in this episode, but that?Also, Dany spent time in Qarth being courted by XXD...so that can be easily justified (And she didn't get that much fatter either, I didn't even notice it...)
2668	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	Yep but he blames ?Imry? Florent in the book for sailing the entire fleet over the chain and into a trap. He also blames his bannerman for persuading him to keep Saladoor's fleets at the vanguard as oppose to the front where they would have been much more use and lastly he mainly puts the defeat down to Tywin's surprise attack.Yeah, but Mel still says what she says...hey, boys, if I was there, none of it would have happened, so, its not that much of a deviation as it is a simplification, because when Davos shows back up on Dragonstone Stannis is seeing and listening to no one but Mel, I'm just not sure how they're going to get Davos back out of the dungeon since in books he never actually attempts to kill Red Dress....
2669	Mappy	2013-04-01	Did they change it?  Doesn't he talk Stannis out of taking Mel in the book too?Yes, but she doesn't blame Davos for the loss as she did last night
2670	teemo	2013-04-01	What? To me, it looked like Dany lost weight.  One of my friends who is in love with her was kind of grossed out by her this episode, saying she looked "gaunt" and "look what stardom did to her." (pressure to lose weight).
2671	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-01	Then again, not sure how they could have done the 'who is Arstan Whitebeard?' thing on the TV - and that didn't make a whole load of sense in the book, anyway.If we can have Arya incognito with Tywin, then we could allso have Barristan incognito with Dany
2672	total1402	2013-04-01	The most massive difference is Barristan revealing his identity. I have absolutely no idea how they are going to do Jorah falling out with Dany. When this happens in the book Barristan reveals about Jorah being a spy. I can't see that happening too early this series at all. Which suggests something happens to trigger this. I am beginning to suspect that they will say that Jorah has been sending reports all the way up to Mereen or maybe that Barristan finds some proof of him doing so since Qaarth. Not sure how they're going to resolve that one.
Telling us it was the Warlocks who tried to have Dany killed.
Okay, my memory is a little hazy on this point. Did that scene with Sam replace him killing the other with obsidian? I mean they established giving him the obsidian beforehand it seems odd to not give him it here. I suspect it might be that they save this confrontation for later. Possibly at Crasters Keep in fact since we saw a screen of that White Walker and its in the hut that Sam tells Mormont about it. 
Bit surprised they changed the giants look to be much more human than they are in the books. I was actually expecting them to be smaller in stature but still look the same and was completely wrong. They actually looked bigger than I imagined in the books. Actually makes me wonder what a giantess looks like. Guess it wasn't quite as bad for Tormund in the series version then. /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
Also,  why is Margery Tyrell Princess Diana?
The only difference which annoyed me was blaming Sam for not sending the ravens. That made no sense because of where he was sent and that I don't think it was even established this was his responsibility.
2673	Maizel	2013-04-01	All these changes have me thinking there is no way in heck that we're going to see ASOIAF in it's entirety in TV.
Season three and four are apparently the thing the producers were working towards. Also it has  been mentioned that this season will have more deviations from the book than earlier seasons.
This  makes me think they're setting the show up for some kind of premature ending (as far as ASOIAF goes).  I'm expecting the fourth  season  to be the last. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> 
I never expected a $5.000.000 per episode production to make it the whole 7 books, (which is probably about 9-10 seasons if they keep splitting books up), but I'm getting a feeling season 4 is the end of the line.
					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 01 April 2013 - 07:13 PM.
2674	Ser Alex Tully	2013-04-01	I hate people who complain about the show not following the books! books and i 
The reason i watch the show is to see the difference from the enjoy it, even george has said people who are proper loyal to the books do his head in. I usually like the changes with the show and the writers know the end of the series so they aren't going to change anything major. just because a wight has a axe and mormont kills it isn't big enough to complain about. In the books if i remember sam sends the birds but does not write anything down so there is no difference.
2675	total1402	2013-04-01	I hate people who complain about the show not following the books! books and iThe reason i watch the show is to see the difference from the enjoy it, even george has said people who are proper loyal to the books do his head in. I usually like the changes with the show and the writers know the end of the series so they aren't going to change anything major. just because a wight has a axe and mormont kills it isn't big enough to complain about. In the books if i remember sam sends the birds but does not write anything down so there is no difference.Yes, but you don't say a character fucked up for a job he was never given. Thats not changing things thats really slipping up and not making sense. He was his stewart, he was ordered to be at the base of the fist and nowhere near the peak so could not possibly have completed his duties. Its a really bizarre scene and an example of poor adaptation.
2676	Lord-ofLight	2013-04-01	Yeah, but Mel still says what she says...hey, boys, if I was there, none of it would have happened, so, its not that much of a deviation as it is a simplification, because when Davos shows back up on Dragonstone Stannis is seeing and listening to no one but Mel, I'm just not sure how they're going to get Davos back out of the dungeon since in books he never actually attempts to kill Red Dress....I would think fairly easily. In the book, Melisandre saw his intent to murder her in the flames. She then gets Stannis to release hIm, when she realizes how loyal he is to him. It looks like they're doing a lot more with Mel at least this season (I dunno about Davos or Stannis) just based on the fact that she's seen with Thoros and has a sex scene with another character (Gendey?)
2677	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Pardon the threadjack, but the teaser for ep 2 is up: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=dYgpEMlcQgc
So we are getting Arya, Bran and Jaime, plus the introduction of the Queen of Thorns. Although Theon hasn't been shown, judging from reviews, he'll be in this episode 2. 
-I'm surprised that we're getting Jaime vs Brienne so early. They really seem to be rushing his arc, especially with the bear pit scene being in episode 7 rather than ep 9 or 10. 
- Arya meets Thoros, and seems to have a confrontation in an inn. Could we see Harwin in this episode?
-Really excited to see Sansa's scene with Marge and Olenna. 
-Even more excited to see Theon's torture.
-Summer looks great. I suspect the Reeds get introduced in this episode as well.
-Orell appears to see the massacre at the Fist through warging his eagle.
2678	Freebird6699	2013-04-01	Was anyone else uncomfortable with the exchange between Tywin and Tyrion?  When I read it in the books, it was awful enough, but to see Peter Dinklage taking those verbal blows was making me quesy. I don't think the exchange between Cersei and Tyrion added anything meaningful to the plot at all.  Pod did get Bronn out of Chatalays and brings him to Tyrion, but in the book he has been knighted, has Lollys as a wife and soon a bastard son from the rape(s).  Remember, he names his son Tyrion!
2679	Bride of Winter	2013-04-01	I'm sure it was mentioned already, but Robb's "find a chamber that will serve as a cell" re: Catwas just ugh
2680	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-04-01	who.fucking.cares... be happy you have a show to watch
2681	wolverine	2013-04-01	I hate people who complain about the show not following the books! books and iThe reason i watch the show is to see the difference from the enjoy it, even george has said people who are proper loyal to the books do his head in. I usually like the changes with the show and the writers know the end of the series so they aren't going to change anything major. just because a wight has a axe and mormont kills it isn't big enough to complain about. In the books if i remember sam sends the birds but does not write anything down so there is no difference.Also, probably shouldn't enter the book deviations thread then.
2682	Pilz	2013-04-01	Missandei looks a bit older than ten.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
The only difference I didn't like was Sam not sending the birds.
2683	MercyTheBlindUglyLittleCat	2013-04-01	-I'm surprised that we're getting Jaime vs Brienne so early. They really seem to be rushing his arc, especially with the bear pit scene being in episode 7 rather than ep 9 or 10.My theory on this is that PW is going to happen in episode 10, and that episode 9 will be near "Blackwater" level focus on just the RW characters, so that basically just gives episode 8 and/or bit of 10 for Jaime's arc prior to his post-PW arrival in KL (which will be the first thing we see of him in season 4).I actually think the last 3 episodes of this season will be a sort of 3 part finale, with a few story-lines wrapping in episodes 8, the obvious ones in the RW focused episode 9, and then I think 10 should start off with maybe some minor post RW catch up with Arya, and then the rest only be Tyrion/Sansa/Jon/Danny POV, so thePW, attack onCB, and the taking of Yunkai.
2684	wolverine	2013-04-01	Missandei looks a bit older than ten.  /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />The only difference I didn't like was Sam not sending the birds.I assume they made that change to add drama for someone to get back alive.
2685	Nezzer	2013-04-01	I would think fairly easily. In the book, Melisandre saw his intent to murder her in the flames. She then gets Stannis to release hIm, when she realizes how loyal he is to him.It looks like they're doing a lot more with Mel at least this season (I dunno about Davos or Stannis) just based on the fact that she's seen with Thoros and has a sex scene with another character (Gendey?)I know there's a scene with Davos and Stannis talking in the dungeons. I think Stannis will "apologize", in his Stannis way (Stannis does not simply apologize), saying that he arrested Davos to stop him from doing something stupid and that they are all on the same side and should make amends. I think that's when he'll say his line about duty that we saw in the "No Mercy" trailer.
2686	xDireWolfx93	2013-04-01	If we can have Arya incognito with Tywin, then we could allso have Barristan incognito with DanyVery good point! I never thought of it like that. I'm curious how they're going to go about Dany finding out about Jorah now, and its rather upsetting that she's only going to be pissed with Jorah and not the both of them. Ohh well.
2687	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	If we can have Arya incognito with Tywin, then we could allso have Barristan incognito with DanyDisagree. Arya had to stay incognito, since revealing herself to Tywin would obviously return her to King's Landing. Barristan doesn't have much to lose by revealing himself. He's already exiled, and is begging Dany's forgiveness. Arya's reasons for staying incognito are far, far stronger than Barristan's.
2688	wolverine	2013-04-01	IIRC, another deviation would have been the lack of Val and Dalla in the tent when Jon and Mance first met.
2689	Frey Pie a la Mode	2013-04-01	I'm wondering if Missandei becomes Dany's "special friend" since Irri is long gone in the show. It might account for the way they made her much older than in the book.
2690	wolverine	2013-04-01	Couldn't care less how old Missandei is.
2691	teemo	2013-04-01	I didn't create the thread to bitch and complain, just to sort out the differences between the book and show.  Is it really that crazy to enjoy knowing the differences?  I find it interesting to know what they've changed and discuss the reasoning behind it. Sheesh. I actually liked the episode.
2692	Stormie	2013-04-01	Disagree. Arya had to stay incognito, since revealing herself to Tywin would obviously return her to King's Landing. Barristan doesn't have much to lose by revealing himself. He's already exiled, and is begging Dany's forgiveness. Arya's reasons for staying incognito are far, far stronger than Barristan's.I thought Barristan's reason for staying incognito was that he wanted to observe Daenerys for a while and judge whether she was one of the nutbag Targaryens like her father, or one of the good ones like Rhaegar, before he revealed his identity and offered her his service.
2693	wolverine	2013-04-01	I didn't create the thread to bitch and complain, just to sort out the differences between the book and show.  Is it really that crazy to enjoy knowing the differences?  I find it interesting to know what they've changed and discuss the reasoning behind it. Sheesh. I actually liked the episode.out Don't worry, it is good to have a unique place to discuss the differences.  Even if some choose to use it to bitch about the changes and some use it to bitch about the people bitching about the changes.
2694	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-01	Personally, I try my best to separate the books from the show. Bringing my expectations to the show is just a sure way to disappoint myself. It also helps that I saw S1/S2 first before I marathon-ed the books. Without factoring the books, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s quite a good show.  
That said, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m worried that all these changes will catch up with D&D soon. The characterizations now seem off because of plot deviations/simplifications, most notably for Jon Snow. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re making him a badass alright, but a different badass from the badass we know and love. I got his reasoning with Mance and think itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s acceptable, but the book reason is better for me. While reading I thought that Mance did not actually believe the bastard reason and was just humoring Jon, but still, the bastard angle was very much downplayed when itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s such a huge chip on Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s shoulders. This will affect how his future LC position will look like (although it would tie it to his move to let the wildlings through the Wall), even his reluctance to accept Winterfell from Stannis. I guess the warg plot is out of the story for now? I wonder how theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll reconnect it in the future. We have Orell but it does not really mean anything with regards to Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own ability which hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t been discovered in the show.
Tormund and Mance â<U+0080><U+0093> characterization also off, so far. I was waiting for Tormund to request Mance to mention his titles, lol. We have a whole season to see how they will make it work so Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m hopeful.
I loved the Arya/Tywin scenes so Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m willing to pay the price for that (the price of not seeing Roose leeching around town). Now that Roose is in Harrenhal, I think things can go as expected or at least close, the important thing really is to make sure heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s in charge when Jaime and Brienne arrive. I will miss Vargoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lisp but Locke and Qyburn could easily fulfil his role.
This Talisa-Jeyne Westerling thing going on better have a good payoff since Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s motivations for breaking his betrothal are significantly different. Yes, the Robb and Cat we know and love are now lost in translation.
I would have loved it if Strong Belwas was there, but I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mind how it turned out. I kind of expected it, too although I was hoping that they would go with the Arstan = Barristan ploy. We know heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Barristan so as an audience I thought it would be cool if we see the fall out following Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s discovery of the ruse.
I thought the nose joke by Cersei was pretty funny if one got the reference; also liked the emphasis on the letter Tywin was writing, it was ominous.
I like where they are going with Margaery so far. Her characterization is quite in line with what I imagined her to be, especially as the granddaughter of Olenna.  
Actually, if they canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t sustain the budget, S4 would be a good ending point - open-ended but with enough closure. Then they can restart with AFFC and ADWD if thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a reboot.
2695	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	They might have a chance to insert the bastard story later on in the season. Since Hinds is one of the more well-known actors, I expect him to be getting a lot of screentime, and that probably means more scenes with Jon. They could have his story about the wildling cloak, and then have Mance ask Jon why he joined the NW. Jon could then use the bastard story.
2696	franko99	2013-04-02	Am I the only one who thinks Ghost staying with the NW is not a bad change?
In the books he didn't do anything, actually Ghost separates from Jon before the cave scene, only to return after Stannis offers Winterfell to Jon. Staying with the NW we may see him kick some wights ass on the way to Castle Black, and (in a way) show that part of Jon stays with his brothers all along
					
					
							Edited by franko99, 02 April 2013 - 01:46 AM.
2697	Khal Porno	2013-04-02	Am I the only one who thinks Ghost staying with the NW is not a bad change?In the books he didn't do anything, actually Ghost separates from Jon before the cave scene, only to return after Stannis offers Winterfell to Jon. Staying with the NW we may see him kick some wights ass on the way to Castle Black, and (in a way) show that part of Jon stays with his brothers all alongIt doesn't bother me either.  I don't know why it's irked so many people.  I thought it was awesome that Ghost came to Sam's rescue.I think it may be that Ghost will stick with Sam and that will be how he gets back to the wall, until he's reunited with Jon (physically) when he returns.
2698	insertname	2013-04-02	Well the problem with it is that imo, Jon being a warg was a good part of the reason why he was accepted into the wildlings. That change, coupled with the pretty flimsy reason he gave Mance makes it a bit unbelievable. But it doesn't bother me that much, it still works this way.
2699	Mappy	2013-04-02	Like any show/movie based on a book series, you have to be able to separate the two and not expect a show/movie to follow along exactly as the book depicts.
Yes, for those of us who are major fans of the books there will always be some disappointment in the changes that are made, but the show is still excellent. 
I welcome the changes GoT are making as long as they aren't too off the wall insane. I fully believe that major plot points; like the Red Wedding, Jamie loosing his hand, Bran and the Reeds, to name a few, will all still be included. 
It is my understanding that SoS was to be broken up into two seasons so these major plot lines will still be included on the show.
2700	Reposado	2013-04-02	outDon't worry, it is good to have a unique place to discuss the differences.  Even if some choose to use it to bitch about the changes and some use it to bitch about the people bitching about the changes.you'd think people bothered by others discussing changes from teh book would have the sense not to pen a thread titled "book deviations"
2701	Waylin Stark	2013-04-02	Do you guys still think Shae is going to betray Tyrion?I'm hoping she does, because it's supposed to be a major blow for Tyrion  which changes him. But they've got Shae being all lovey-dovey with Tyrion and being BFFs with Sansa, which is why I'm fearing they'll avoid the betrayal. Also TV Tywin's less of an asshole, and I can't see Shae in Tywin's bed happening. But if they do it, it will come off spectacularly, because we're being led to believe Shae loves Tyrion, making the betrayal more powerful.With the introduction of Ros, I think they might change some stuff.Maybe Cersei will capture Ros, thinking she's Tyrion's whore (in the books it was Alyalya I think).Or maybe Shae gets jealous of Tyrion and Sansa.Or maybe Ros and Littlefinger will betray Shae to Tywin/Cersei.Or maybe Tywin will kill Shae ("I'll hang the next whore I find in your bed"), revealing it to Tyrion on the last night, causing Tyrion to kill him.I don't know, but they have two seasons to stretch it out. They'll definitely expand that subplot, but I don't know in which direction. We'll have to wait and see.
2702	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	It may be they aren't going to have Tyrion kill Shae in the show...they've made a lot of characters nicer, possibly they think murdering her will be too much, they may even have his father kill her? as more motivation for him to kill Tywin.
2703	Drowningfish2304	2013-04-02	My only confusion with the episode is the way they've gone so far into Dany's storyline so quickly, without even giving any glimpses of Arya, Bran and Jaime's storyline at all, when I remember Arya and Jaime's storylines possibly being the largest storylines of the 'A Storm of Swords' book.
2704	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	Sam not getting off the ravens and ghost not being with Jon were my big nitpick moments. I really think that it is important to show Sam is more capable than he thinks he is. The part where he lets the ravens fly without messages always made me smile.
I missed Dalla and Val with Mance. I can see why they are doing the LF story the way they are. The other deviations are minor and I can live with them.. I just hope they set the Roose storyline up correctly.
2705	Risha	2013-04-02	As I live in a house with all non-book-readers, I enjoy these â<U+0080><U+009C>deviationsâ<U+0080><U+009D> threads as a way to appreciate the show for itself, not as a way to bash D & D. I like to see how D & D see the story/character developments and how they shuffle characters/events around (and invent new ones or show off-book moments that only existed in the readersâ<U+0080><U+0099> heads) to arrive at the visual version of the same basic story. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the ultimate, super-expensive, multimedia, collaborative, community-wide fan fiction homage!
And, after seeing the piece of trash being marketed as â<U+0080><U+009C>The Hobbit Part Iâ<U+0080><U+009D> I applaud D & D for sticking as close to the source material/spirit of the story as they haveâ<U+0080>¦keep that thing in mind when youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re tempted to whine about what they left out or added!
To the poster (canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to find the post) who said that Kit Harington needs to step up his game: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m with you, brother! Flat, flat, flat. Will hate to see Richard M goâ<U+0080>¦
2706	Cas Stark	2013-04-02	As I live in a house with all non-book-readers, I enjoy these â<U+0080><U+009C>deviationsâ<U+0080><U+009D> threads as a way to appreciate the show for itself, not as a way to bash D & D. I like to see how D & D see the story/character developments and how they shuffle characters/events around (and invent new ones or show off-book moments that only existed in the readersâ<U+0080><U+0099> heads) to arrive at the visual version of the same basic story. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the ultimate, super-expensive, multimedia, collaborative, community-wide fan fiction homage!And, after seeing the piece of trash being marketed as â<U+0080><U+009C>The Hobbit Part Iâ<U+0080><U+009D> I applaud D & D for sticking as close to the source material/spirit of the story as they haveâ<U+0080>¦keep that thing in mind when youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re tempted to whine about what they left out or added!To the poster (canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to find the post) who said that Kit Harington needs to step up his game: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m with you, brother! Flat, flat, flat. Will hate to see Richard M goâ<U+0080>¦That was me, I think.  I'm glad I'm not the only one, if he wasn't good looking he would freaking fade into the scenery.  I'm getting more and more worried that he's not up to it.  Yes, i hope GOT propels Richard M. into a nice career, he deserves it.  He is SO much more charismatic than Kit.  And, a sister, but no matter.
2707	jmk51	2013-04-02	Its been so long since I read the book these are like cliff-notes versions to me.  My thoughts on the changes
- Ghost - doesn't matter, but I wonder how much "warging" is going to be in the show?  The direwolves are always around, but not doing much.
- Mance/wildings change - Will hold judgement on the Mance change, although some weirdo singing that turns out to be "King beyond the wall" might have been a little much for the TV audience.  LOTR removed most of the singing, didn't seem to impact it.  Guessing they introduce Val and the others in time - they really didn't introduce anyone else in the tent either.
- Harrenhall - Guess it was just a plot device to get Bolton there
- Selmy/Belwas - I'm guessing they get to the same point in the books without going through all the "mummery," so good enough.  They've already hinted there is a spy in Dany's camp, and that masked chick seems to implicate him as well.
If D&D already know the end game of the book, I think the show will continue to deviate characters and plotlines will still hitting the major events.  I can't think of anything now that can't be done that has been written.
2708	The Singer	2013-04-02	I don't like how they scrapped the Sansa escape storyline, that was one of the biggest twists/reveals in the books,. When Sansa boards the ship and sees LF and then Ser Dontos gets his "reward".
2709	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-02	Very good point! I never thought of it like that. I'm curious how they're going to go about Dany finding out about Jorah now, and its rather upsetting that she's only going to be pissed with Jorah and not the both of them. Ohh well.I suppose that Barristan will now spend most of the season proving himself to Dany, and at the end he will reveal Jorah to be the traitor as the final step in displacing him as Dany's right hand manDisagree. Arya had to stay incognito, since revealing herself to Tywin would obviously return her to King's Landing. Barristan doesn't have much to lose by revealing himself. He's already exiled, and is begging Dany's forgiveness. Arya's reasons for staying incognito are far, far stronger than Barristan's.Actually, in the books he did have a good reason to stay incognito, given how pissed Dany was when she found him out (at that point he had allready saved her life twice and still she was willing to execute him for betraying her father)Anyway, the point was that Arya's arc proves that we can have a character keep a secret identity while the audience knows the real one, i.e. it's a kind of plot that will "work" on screen. It won't have the same effect as in the books, but it will create it's own kind of dramatic tensionThe characterizations now seem off because of plot deviations/simplifications, most notably for Jon Snow. Theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re making him a badass alright, but a different badass from the badass we know and love.I do hope the show will make him a badass as it needs to set up his ascension to Lord Commander. So far in the show, it seems to me that Jon spent most of his scenes staring around him in confusion and making blunders.
2710	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-02	I do hope the show will make him a badass as it needs to set up his ascension to Lord Commander. So far in the show, it seems to me that Jon spent most of his scenes staring around him in confusion and making blunders.I hope it doesn't come to a point where we root for Bowen Marsh to off show-Jon . /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2711	teemo	2013-04-02	Well the problem with it is that imo, Jon being a warg was a good part of the reason why he was accepted into the wildlings. That change, coupled with the pretty flimsy reason he gave Mance makes it a bit unbelievable. But it doesn't bother me that much, it still works this way.can someone please tell me where in the books it talks about or implies that Jon being a warg is partially why he was accepted by Mance?  I remember it, but I have no idea where it happened. I just re-read the part where they meet in the tent and it's not there.I do hope the show will make him a badass as it needs to set up his ascension to Lord Commander. So far in the show, it seems to me that Jon spent most of his scenes staring around him in confusion and making blunders.lol, I was kind of thinking the same thing.  He always has a blank and/or forlorn look on his face and screws everything up.  I'm interested to see how Kit Harington steps up his game too. I definitely don't want to be rooting for Bowen Marsh...that would be an epic fail. lol.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 02 April 2013 - 08:05 PM.
2712	Jolene Brown	2013-04-02	you'd think people bothered by others discussing changes from teh book would have the sense not to pen a thread titled "book deviations"You should have seen those people last year in the "nitpick without repercussions" thread.  Jesus.
2713	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-02	can someone please tell me where in the books it talks about or implies that Jon being a warg is partially why he was accepted by Mance?  I remember it, but I have no idea where it happened. I just re-read the part where they meet in the tent and it's not there.It's not explicitly stated but I think they made a big fuss about him being a skinchanger. I have a hazy memory now but I think the wildlings think his potential as skinchanger is very high if trained properly.
2714	wolverine	2013-04-02	I thought the biggest reason for his acceptance was killing the Halfhand.
2715	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-04-02	She bought it with the wealth they plundered from XXD. It's also how she can afford to buy  Unsullied.Yeah, but we know she ain't paying for shit--not unless it's with fire and blood. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2716	TheMtThatRides...Your Mom	2013-04-02	Anyone think the Giants don't look as how you pictured them in the Books?They look 20 feet tall in the show minimum, and they aren't hairy/furry enough.They definitely look nice on the show but not exactly how I pictured them.Hoping to see mammoths too.No I agree about the giants.  Like a previous poster, I pictured them like yetis just maybe a little less hairy.  The book isn't specific in that they look like yetis...but it IS specific as to them NOT looking like large humans.  I think Jon even thinks about how in all the stories he heard giants are described as basically large humans and how that was wrong.  ETA: Also I'm pretty sure that giant was wearing clothes.
					
					
							Edited by TheMtThatRides...Your Mom, 02 April 2013 - 11:54 PM.
2717	Honey Badger	2013-04-03	What? To me, it looked like Dany lost weight.  One of my friends who is in love with her was kind of grossed out by her this episode, saying she looked "gaunt" and "look what stardom did to her." (pressure to lose weight).I felt that made sense in the show.  At the beginning, she was curvalicious for her pregnancy and abortion.  Later she starves badly in the desert.  She gets back to health in civilization, but is no longer in the baby fat realm.
2718	Roose Trollton	2013-04-03	I never understood why Mance thought that Jon being a bastard was reason enough for him to join the wildlings. So what he doesn't like being a bastard? What difference did that make at the Wall, where everyone is equal? Didn't make much sense to me in the book. Jon was much more convincing in the show. My only gripe with that scene in the show was that they cut Mance's tale about infiltrating Robert's feast at Winterfell. That was pretty awesome in the book and I wish they hadn't cut it. Still, there's a chance we might get that tale in another conversation, in another episode.Being a bastard Jon has no place in the traditional social structures that exist in Westeros. The only place he could naturaly fit in/be somebody is with the wildlings where these kinda social structures/preconceptions don't really exist. You could argue that Jon went to the NW to find a place where he belonged however we can see even there he is antagonized because of his birth (ex: "Lord Snow"). Also hes a wrag.
					
					
							Edited by Greatjon's Littlefinger, 03 April 2013 - 06:32 AM.
2719	episodenone	2013-04-03	I'll be honest -- to me - it is what it is.
People complain about the Star Wars franchise and forget how lucky they are to even have it.
Those who say they'd rather not have the PT or TCW are full of it and lying to themselves.
I enjoyed reading most of your opinions here -- and skipped the rants as they tended to be too unrealistic anyway.
I'll be watching regardless and actually am having a hard time remembering the books details that I read only within the last 2 years.  : (
To me the worst change is that the TV show to me means GGRM is likely going to take 1000 years that we don;t have to ever really finish the novels.
					
					
							Edited by episodenone, 03 April 2013 - 11:51 AM.
2720	Nezzer	2013-04-03	Being a bastard Jon has no place in the traditional social structures that exist in Westeros. The only place he could naturaly fit in/be somebody is with the wildlings where these kinda social structures/preconceptions don't really exist. You could argue that Jon went to the NW to find a place where he belonged however we can see even there he is antagonized because of his birth (ex: "Lord Snow"). Also hes a wrag.But other than Alliser Thorne, nobody cared about him being a bastard in thw NW. Only Alliser called him "Lord Snow" as an insult.
2721	Caryn Stark	2013-04-03	To the poster (canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t seem to find the post) who said that Kit Harington needs to step up his game: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m with you, brother! Flat, flat, flat. Will hate to see Richard M goâ<U+0080>¦ I have always thought that the actors for Jon and Robb should have been switched.
2722	Roose Trollton	2013-04-03	But other than Alliser Thorne, nobody cared about him being a bastard in thw NW. Only Alliser called him "Lord Snow" as an insult.True but Mance doesn't know that now does he? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Benjen Stark's line about brothers at the NW only being given positions that they earn isn't exactly true as we have cases like Royche at the begining of the book leading rangers because of his noble blood. To most people the NW is a punishment with Jon being an exception joining voluntarily.When talking to Jon in the book Mance most likely sees another "brother" who like himself feels he doesn't belong in NW nor enjoys its restrictive nature. This is why i personally think he accepts Jon's reason for joining plus Jon himself isn't being completely dishonest as he has shown several times resentment for being treated as a bastard.I hope i haven't muddled my thoughts here but as always part of the fun of reading is seeing how different people interpret the same situation.
2723	Broken Fox	2013-04-03	Jon's reasoning in the show made just as much sense as his reasoning in the books. In the long run it doesn't matter much anyway (in fact I didn't even notice the change until I started seeing people here mention it).
2724	Masamune	2013-04-03	I don't like how they scrapped the Sansa escape storyline, that was one of the biggest twists/reveals in the books,. When Sansa boards the ship and sees LF and then Ser Dontos gets his "reward".Said it once, I'll say it again, it's because HBO have Aidan Gillen contracted and yet bog all for him to actually do (since LF is such a mercurial bg character at this point), which is why in  S2 and seemingly 3, they keep shoehorning him into OOC scenes.
2725	Dragon Doll	2013-04-04	it all feels a little smooshed-together.
i get why they make changes, but the execution off said changes is a little iffy.
2726	WiDMNDBAMMD	2013-04-04	Said it once, I'll say it again, it's because HBO have Aidan Gillen contracted and yet bog all for him to actually do (since LF is such a mercurial bg character at this point), which is why in  S2 and seemingly 3, they keep shoehorning him into OOC scenes. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />That is probably the best reason to explain why many characters are getting combined and or taking lines from smaller characters.
2727	total1402	2013-04-04	I've been dwelling on the changes they made to Danys arc this episode and in retrospect I am a little bit iffy about how they've rearranged certain things.
- Barristan is introduced way too late. Most of his crucial dialogue about Rhaegar, discussing the Mad King, on the ethics of using the Unsullied and the dragons happened on the ship and when Dany goes to inspect the Unsullied. Instead Jorah fills this role and the comment Khraznez makes about piss and old men was meant for Barristan. Removing his reason for being incognito sort of makes it difficult for me to see how the conversation about her families madness and her father could possibly come up. I also think (memory hazy here) it was his discussion about Rhaegar which caused her to name her dragons on the ship.
- Jorah suggesting getting the Unsullied. In the show, Dany clearly already has objections; which makes her out as a stronger and more independent minded person. But in the book, shes still nieve and it makes her so overjoyed at the prospect of getting somewhere that this causes the situation where Jorah kisses her. I don't see how that kiss could possibly be set up now. She has to decide on the Unsullied "tomorrow" according to Kraznez which suggests she'll be given them very soon which cuts a lot of the time to discuss these things.
- On a related point. Dany is seriously shocked by what she sees at Astapor and has a major argument with Jorah over this in the book. In fact I think shes even reduced to tears by it. Now, in the series, I felt they made her far too aloof and dignified about this. She also doesn't seem to fall out with Jorah over him suggesting using soldiers trained by such horrible methods. In fact they have a casual discussion about it in the lead up to the assasination attempt. Also, her strong reaction against this is crucial to understanding the extreme stance she takes against this later in the novel. I don't think the series makes it out as less of a bad thing but it doesn't seem to have struck Dany so much to the core that it makes her question "what good are rulers if not to do justice?".  
Now, I may be wrong. Maybe they've already rewritten some of those lines and scenes so that they are still there. But I suspect some of these might come across as jarring and theres also the issue of timing. I think D & D are aware that not much happened with Dany in season 2 and because this series is all about emphasising her rise to power they might neglect some of the really good character stuff in ASOS part 1. I think its pretty much been revealed that the Battle of Yunkai will be in the novel and one of the earlier episodes is even titled "Second Sons" which to me implies that the bulk of Danys ASOS story leading up to the Unsullied being taken might suffer in order to get her to that point in the story.
Or, of course, they could be saving all the soul searching and romance to when they're besieging Mereen in season 4.
					
					
							Edited by total1402, 04 April 2013 - 09:17 AM.
2728	Maester Ruin	2013-04-04	I dont know if it is intential by D and D or just poor writing, but Stannis Baratheon is starting to become an entire different character than he is in the books. The scene between Davos and Melissandrae where stannis just sat by would never have happened in the books, because Stannis sees himself as a king, and he is also proud enough to realize that a king has to stand up for his own decisions.  It was he who decided (after listening to davos advice) to not bring melissandrae to blackwater, So the Stannis from the books would never just sit there and allow mellisandrae to put that blame on Davos. He would consider that a disregard for his authority as the true king of westeros, and claim total responsibility for his order to keep her out of the battle.
TLDR: Stannis in the books is too proud to just stand by while his someone is accusing his Advisor of having "fooled" stannis into a bad decision. The Stannis i know would take that as a personal insult and remind melissandrae that he is the King, and the one who made the decision, and that he is not someone who can be fooled or persuaded into making a decision if he does not believe in it himself.
It seems like the Stannis Baratheon in the TV-series is just a bitter and gullable man who does whatever melissandrae or davos (in season 2) tells him to do. He totally lacks the pride and integrety that he displays in the books,
					
					
							Edited by Maester Ruin, 04 April 2013 - 10:10 AM.
2729	JMJ	2013-04-04	I dont know if it is intential by D and D or just poor writing, but Stannis Baratheon is starting to become an entire different character than he is in the books. The scene between Davos and Melissandrae where stannis just sat by would never have happened in the books, because Stannis sees himself as a king, and he is also proud enough to realize that a king has to stand up for his own decisions.  It was he who decided (after listening to davos advice) to not bring melissandrae to blackwater, So the Stannis from the books would never just sit there and allow mellisandrae to put that blame on Davos. He would consider that a disregard for his authority as the true king of westeros, and claim total responsibility for his order to keep her out of the battle.TLDR: Stannis in the books is too proud to just stand by while his someone is accusing his Advisor of having "fooled" stannis into a bad decision. The Stannis i know would take that as a personal insult and remind melissandrae that he is the King, and the one who made the decision, and that he is not someone who can be fooled or persuaded into making a decision if he does not believe in it himself.It seems like the Stannis Baratheon in the TV-series is just a bitter and gullable man who does whatever melissandrae or davos (in season 2) tells him to do. He totally lacks the pride and integrety that he displays in the books,I think this was merely compression of the storyline. Stannis does start off the post-Blackwater period in a funk - he allows the burning of several of his bannermen before Davos arrives. I think they're just trying to convey that period in one brief scene before presumably Stannis steps up to the plate.
2730	Melonica Stormborn	2013-04-04	^^Agree. If I remember correctly, Mel was convincing Stannis that they lost at Blackwater because she wasn't there (in the last episode this was weaved into Mel's dialogue with Davos) and he was kind of down. Stannis really started behaving more himself again around the time of the Florent fiasco.
							Edited by Melonica Stormborn, 04 April 2013 - 11:11 AM.
2731	Castel	2013-04-04	It seems like the Stannis Baratheon in the TV-series is just a bitter and gullable man who does whatever melissandrae or davos (in season 2) tells him to do. He totally lacks the pride and integrety that he displays in the books,LuisDantas is coming for you. Don't waste time, just run.
					
					
							Edited by Castel, 04 April 2013 - 11:14 AM.
2732	Nezzer	2013-04-04	I think this was merely compression of the storyline. Stannis does start off the post-Blackwater period in a funk - he allows the burning of several of his bannermen before Davos arrives. I think they're just trying to convey that period in one brief scene before presumably Stannis steps up to the plate.Yes, this is the lowest point of Stannis's campaign. Like Salladhor Saan said to Davos on the ship, Stannis is a broken man. Even in the books he let Melisandre do everything she wanted before Davos arrived. I think he's still pretty in character so far. He will still rise again back to his old self.
2733	OberynBlackfyre	2013-04-01	Did anyone else think that the way they brought in Mance could have been done much better?  I really don't see why they had to skip his backstory, and where was Dalla and Val!?!?
2734	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	Short answer: yes. The episode was 54 minutes long, it could have been a couple minutes longer.
2735	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I was a little underwhelmed, I thought they could have spent a couple more minutes on the scene, and you know, maybe no Bronn in the whore house or no Ros on the pier.  His delivery was also kind of flat for Mance, he doesn't need to sing, but needs a little zing or something.
2736	wolverine	2013-04-01	So far, show Mance seems quite a bit different than book Mance.  Book Mance seems like he would be an awesome guy to go the pub with, not so much with show Mance.
2737	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-01	I love Hinds but... could you imagine if Dominic West had accepted the role? Jimmy fucking McNulty Mance being all sassy and smirky. Most definitely "an awesome guy to go the pub with".So yeah, Hinds good. But he's the only casting choice I'm going to be thinking "if only..." with.
2738	cybobbie	2013-04-01	I wish they had relocated some minutes to give us more Mance time, since I was really looking forward to see him in the show. As for Hinds playing it, well I agree that he will portray a distinct Mance from the ones most of us pictured while reading the book, but I still love that he is playing the role, since he is such an awesome actor.
2739	Dysun	2013-04-01	From the moment he was casted I expected a different Mance than the un-assuming badass bard George wrote.
2740	LordStoneheart	2013-04-01	I don't mind Ciarin's acting. He's a much more subdued version. But still, I think he should've been singing. The actor was in the Phantom of the Opera. He's fully capable... then again, they did film on location in Iceland...
2741	Tony Soprano	2013-04-02	Let me just say that I think Ciaran is great, and he's one of my favorite actors.
I'm glad they got him for Game of Thrones, but he should have been given another role. He's too...I don't know, regal for my taste. He reminds me a bit too much of Caesar, and Mance should be exactly the opposite of that. He should be a man of the people, a friend to everyone. While I'm sure they'll try to show that onscreen, the character they've written for Hinds is kind of cold and disconnected.
I think he could have been a much better character if they had gotten another actor, like say, Henry Ian Cusick, James Purefoy, or even Dominic West. I also mind that they cut some of the intriguing backstory pieces, like the story about the cloak and him being a bard.
Nevertheless, I think Ciaran is OK, but it could have been better. It's just that he makes me go all" Ave, Mance! " every time he appears on screen. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Alex Baratheon, 02 April 2013 - 12:05 AM.
2742	Howdyphillip	2013-04-02	I understand the comments about miscasting. I have my own reservations with Hinds playing Mance as well. They are very small reservations however due to just how talented and gifted that Cirian Hinds is as an actor.
I had similar doubts when Addy was selected to play King Robert. I was overwhelmingly wrong. I'm going to wait to pass judgement until we see him in a few more scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 02 April 2013 - 08:55 AM.
2743	Delmas	2013-04-02	I really hope they go into Mance being at Winferfell and his Bard tactics.  What a cool story line it is...
TBH I woulda been happy if this whole episode was the stuff before the credits(not good but ties into last season and needs to be there), Jon Snow for 20 minutes, Dany for 20 minutes.  Rest filler tyrion, tywin, cersei stuff.
2744	Rhaegarsjoy	2013-04-02	So far, show Mance seems quite a bit different than book Mance.  Book Mance seems like he would be an awesome guy to go the pub with, not so much with show Mance.Not how I pictured him AT ALL really disappointed with this casting, he was great in Rome n a good actor but wrong for this part. His intro could've been better too.
2745	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-02	I love Hinds but a few more minutes with Mance would have been greatly appreciated because it was building up to this moment at the end of last season.  maybe the rest of the season they'll make up for it
2746	Bayard	2013-04-02	I love Hinds but... could you imagine if Dominic West had accepted the role? Jimmy fucking McNulty Mance being all sassy and smirky. Most definitely "an awesome guy to go the pub with".So yeah, Hinds good. But he's the only casting choice I'm going to be thinking "if only..." with.People are wrong about the casting. The problem is the script. Do you think that Hinds just does what he wants?? That's the way D&D wrote the character, even if it was West, he would have been the same. Ciaran Hinds was perfectly capable of playing book Mance... even singing.
2747	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	People are wrong about the casting. The problem is the script. Do you think that Hinds just does what he wants?? That's the way D&D wrote the character, even if it was West, he would have been the same. Ciaran Hinds was perfectly capable of playing book Mance... even singing.Very, very true. They've turned him into a generic, gruff northener type. Even has the northern accent going on. Mance should have been closer to David Bowie than Sean Bean, FFS.
2748	Senor Drogo	2013-04-02	Short answer: yes. The episode was 54 minutes long, it could have been a couple minutes longer.The season 1 premiere was a little over an hour long, you'd think that the first episode of "The biggest season" would be longer.Im just gonna throw this out there, Hinds is great but I thought Jeremy Irons would've made a better Mance, thats my opinion
2749	lello4ever	2013-04-02	i think he was rather underwelming. the scene gave me little, while in the book it was way more powerful
2750	Caryn Stark	2013-04-02	Very, very true. They've turned him into a generic, gruff northener type. Even has the northern accent going on. Mance should have been closer to David Bowie than Sean Bean, FFS.David Bowie as Mance? Not THAT would have been awesome. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2751	Loras	2013-04-02	I really liked the scene with Jon and the King Beyond the Wall.  I think I found the second half of last season so underwhelming with the Wildling arc, that it was just so nice to see someone with charisma on screen!
I love Rose Leslie but the discussions of stones and bones last season was tedious.
With the time they gave the story, I thought they worked wonders.  I will certainly not be groaning whenever this story comes on screen!
2752	shiola	2013-04-02	Hopefully he gets better with more scenes.  Maybe once the wildlings aren't quite so cautious of Jon they will lighten up.
It was more dramatic for TV this way.  Mance seemed imposing and like he could do some serious damage to Jon right then and there.  Not that he isn't that way in the books, but TV Mance comes off as dangerous right away so maybe that's simply what they'r going for instead.
					
					
							Edited by Vis, 02 April 2013 - 09:27 AM.
2753	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	If anyone has an interesting backstory, its Mance.  We found out about his dealings with the NW, but no one has any real idea about the wildlings history with the North other than the NW.
That story would give so much depth to display the thousands of years of back and forth with the North/Starks and the wildlings.
2754	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	I was disappointed with the way Mance looked when I first heard of the casting and my expectations for his appearance were very low. But the scene actually exceeded my expectations, I like Mance in the show now. I am happy that we saw that lute beside him. I only wish he were wearing red silk still. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I do not think leaving out Val and Dalla makes a lot of a difference, at least for now.I really hope they go into Mance being at Winferfell and his Bard tactics.  What a cool story line it is...TBH I woulda been happy if this whole episode was the stuff before the credits(not good but ties into last season and needs to be there), Jon Snow for 20 minutes, Dany for 20 minutes.  Rest filler tyrion, tywin, cersei stuff.What. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
2755	darrylzero	2013-04-02	I'm cautiously optimistic.  I'd read reviewers saying that he was much more serious than in the books prior to watching the episode, so I was pleased to find him a little wry, not super-serious.  It's fine with me if Mance is a little more regal than in the books -- you could still see Hinds' Mance blending in, not standing out, all that -- I just hope they capture more of the playfulness and the wildness of the character as time goes on.  With some music, to be sure.
2756	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-02	Hopefully they flesh him out a bit more. He seemed really dull.
2757	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I thought this season wasnt going to do the 50 minute long ep thing again.
2758	SerSavage	2013-04-02	I personally wanted to hear Mance's story about when he left the NW, but they're probably saving it for a later episode. Also I was disappointed we didn't see Styr, or get to hear Tormund's full titles.
2759	Greywolf2375	2013-04-02	I think the actor is going to bring a strong presence, but it doesn't seem to be the presence I was expecting from the character as written.  The charisma of the book appears to be gone which is what I was really hoping to see.
2760	-Ghost-	2013-04-02	They should have cut the stupid Bronn with the hooker scene and let Mance tell his story.
2761	Buckwheat	2013-04-02	I personally wanted to hear Mance's story about when he left the NW, but they're probably saving it for a later episode. Also I was disappointed we didn't see Styr, or get to hear Tormund's full titles.We saw three men in the tent, I took them to be Mance, Tormund and Styr. Who else could he be otherwise?
2762	-Ghost-	2013-04-02	I personally wanted to hear Mance's story about when he left the NW, but they're probably saving it for a later episode. Also I was disappointed we didn't see Styr, or get to hear Tormund's full titles.That guy with the axe wasnt the Magnar?Im pissed we didnt get one Har! from Tormund.
2763	Lux in Tenebris	2013-04-02	The casting of Hinds totally misses the mark of who Mance is. It is the worst casting (of a show that usually does great work) since Renly. I guess based on that bad casting they have to change the entire feel/tenor of the character, because Hinds just doesn't work as book Mance.
2764	SerSavage	2013-04-02	I've just re-watched the scene, the guy with the axe probably was Styr, shame they've left his ears on though! Probably another CGI budget issue!
2765	dubq	2013-04-02	Like Mance can't tell his story in another episode? C'mon..
2766	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2013-04-02	I love Hinds but... could you imagine if Dominic West had accepted the role? Jimmy fucking McNulty Mance being all sassy and smirky. Most definitely "an awesome guy to go the pub with".So yeah, Hinds good. But he's the only casting choice I'm going to be thinking "if only..." with.Yeah, when I first heard Dominic West mentioned as Mance, I air-punched and said "yes!" and when I subsequently heard Hands had been confirmed for the role, I sorta went...er...hmm.  I can't see Hands climbing the wall and sneaking into Winterfell...or playing an instrument, or nearly anything that book-Mance does.  Ah well.
2767	The_Leech_Lord	2013-04-03	This is messed up because I just watched Caesar stabbed to death in the final episode of Rome,season 1(a little late,i know).Difficult for me to associate CiarA!n Hinds with something as crude as "King_Beyond The Wall".Also,it would have been really cool if they'd included his story about being in Winterfell(I think it was).Although in the books it serves to open Jon up for his "bastard" reason for jining the wildlings.Also,should have introduced Val and Dalla-they're important for later.Also Mance should have been playing his lute(of flute,i dnt remember)
2768	Arale	2013-04-03	It's probably too early to judge, since we've seen so little of him. I'm sure his backstory will be explored in the next episodes. I must admit I was a bit underwhelmed, tho. My idea of Mance from the books is of a joyful guy, someone fun to be around. Show Mance came off a little too grim/serious in his first appearance, so I'm hoping we'll see more of his "bard side" in the future. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
2769	Broken Fox	2013-04-03	He's not the character I envisioned while reading the books, but then again most of the characters aren't. Ciaran Hinds rules nonetheless and I'm liking his take on Mance so far.
2770	Mr Smith	2013-04-03	Underdone is certainly the way I'd describe it. Not exactly bad, but not exactly impressive either. I thought Kit Harrington's performance thoroughly made up for it though. Best acting from him I've seen so far.
Not fussed about the absence of Dalla, Val or Mance's back story in this scene. All, and especially the last, can be introduced later. If however, they don't introduce Dalla and Val, I wont be happy. They're pretty important.
2771	ArianneOfSunspear	2013-04-03	Ok I have to say 1 episode!! Plenty of time to develop his backstory.Sure I wanted him in his black-slashed-with-red cloak but I can let that slide.I am so glad they made Jon kneel to Tormund - that was pretty important imo. (You know nothing Jon Snow)I think also that Dalla & Val can be introduced a little later on they do become quite important.I am hoping we will get some singing out of Mance too
2772	Darryk	2013-04-04	Yeah, as someone who feels book fanatics are way too harsh on the show sometimes, even I was extremely disappointed with Mance's introduction.
I'm a big fan of Ciarin Hinds, but I'm not sure why they decided to leave out all the "bard" stuff. It has so much more impact when the guy playing a harp or whatever in the corner of the room stands up and introduces himself as Mance Rayder.
Plus the meeting between them has so much more substance to it in the book whereas in the series it was about four lines of dialogue. Maybe they're gonna spread all that stuff out over the season more, but it seems like their meeting wasn't the "event" it could have been.
2773	victim	2013-04-04	Does anyone remember how disappointed we all were with Stannis after 'The North Remembers' last year? It often takes actors a few scenes/episodes to master a role. On top of which, if an actor doesn't physically match how we imagined them, it takes time for us to adjust to them too. Last year, Dillane won us over after Stannis' speech about eating dogs. I have no doubt Hinds will find his footing as well, after all, he's a fantastic actor.
2774	Zared	2013-04-04	I was a little underwhelmed, maybe no Bronn in the whore house. No Bronn in the whore house? what and miss the opportunity to stick some unneeded nudity in the show. what your saying is sacrilege.
2775	Dr. Pants	2013-04-04	Last year someone posted a running list every week detailing the amount of screentime that each important recurring character had. Is not one doing that this season?
2776	Blackf1sh	2013-04-02	When reading the books the fact that great warriors like the Greatjon and the Blackfish are at Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s side gave me as a reader the feeling that Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cause wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t lost. I know that in season 3 itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the purpose to show that Robb is losing the grip on his bannermen, but with the Greatjon not cast again and that the Blackfish will probably remain in Riverrun during this season, there is in my opinion a great lack of Nortnern bannermen with actual dialogue and screen time. At the moment the only recognizable northern bannermen with some proper screen time are Bolton and Karstark, and they are the dissidents.
This was already a problem in the very average season 2, but now at the start of season 3 I had hoped they would bring some more northern bannermen into the season. Since the RW is coming up this season, it feels to me that this dramatic scene will play out with extras with whom we as a viewer have no affiliation . I think the RW would get so much extra dramatic depth when you would recognize Mormont, Smalljon, Manderly etc in this scene.
Any thoughts on this?
2777	The Black Prince	2013-04-03	Is it true that the Greatjon will not be played?
2778	Hellfell	2013-04-03	I think Blackfish will serve as a badass sidekick for Robb this season. Karstark is in open discontent, Bolton is in slight dissatisfaction but still supports Robb and Edmure is a generally nice guy who can't do anything useful.
2779	Don't_call_me_Ser	2013-04-03	Is it true that the Greatjon will not be played?I've not heard that. Is this because the actor who plays him got his ear bitten off recently?! As horrible as it is, i found it a little amusing as Bigjon bites off someone's ear at the RW in the book.I think Bigjon being held captive is important for later on, so I would guess he must be in this?
2780	Crown	2013-04-03	Is it true that the Greatjon will not be played?He won't be around this season.
2781	DukeAlmighty	2013-04-02	I haven't read the books (I don't want to spoil the series), so I am wondering, how is this played in books, because in series it doesn't make any sense.
Season 2 ends with Daenerys companions looting Xaro's house. There is dialoge between Daenerys and Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah assures that valuable will be enough to buy 1 small ship. So where she suddenly gets money to buy 8000 elite soldiers ?
2782	Ran	2013-04-02	If you don't want it spoiled, you should wait and see.
2783	Tourniquet	2013-04-02	She can probably sell something that she owns that is extremely valuable and rare.
2784	Reposado	2013-04-02	I haven't read the books (I don't want to spoil the series), so I am wondering, how is this played in books, because in series it doesn't make any sense.Season 2 ends with Daenerys companions looting Xaro's house. There is dialoge between Daenerys and Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah assures that valuable will be enough to buy 1 small ship. So where she suddenly gets money to buy 8000 elite soldiers ?as you probably know in the books things can play out differently. in the book she has money/goods from illyrio that she can trade for unsullied. not enough for 8,000, but some. how she will find money in the show? i guess we will find out next week.
2785	Songlian	2013-04-02	I haven't read the books (I don't want to spoil the series), so I am wondering, how is this played in books, because in series it doesn't make any sense.Season 2 ends with Daenerys companions looting Xaro's house. There is dialoge between Daenerys and Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah assures that valuable will be enough to buy 1 small ship. So where she suddenly gets money to buy 8000 elite soldiers ?Wait and see. You'll gonna love it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2786	Ice Turtle	2013-04-02	Didn't she rob that guy who was sleeping with Doreah last season?
2787	Ser Dermett Corbray	2013-04-02	Didn't she rob that guy who was sleeping with Doreah last season?Xaro van Ducksauce? Correct. His belongings were enough to purchase a ship /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2788	King of Winters	2013-04-02	Didn't she rob that guy who was sleeping with Doreah last season?That was all to but a ship for her and the Dothraki.
2789	Ice Turtle	2013-04-02	That was all to but a ship for her and the Dothraki.Well, at least that part makes sense with no Illyrio to send ships. Of course as someone who has read the books I know how it will continue.
2790	WardenOfTheNerds	2013-04-02	I suppose the price went down, because one of the unsullied lost a nipple.
2791	Kasrith	2013-04-02	I suppose the price went down, because one of the unsullied lost a nipple.Damaged goods
2792	Mladen	2013-04-02	This is so good question /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> . But, Ran is right, wait and see... And people be nice, no spoilers, let man enjoy
2793	Abaddon	2013-04-02	in case there is any confusion, as of the end of Episode 1 Dany has not yet bought any Unsullied.  The OP is a little ambiguous on that point.
2794	KoishNoish	2013-04-02	Well she hasn't bought the Unsullied yet, she's just in Astapor... I thought, anyway.
2795	Kasrith	2013-04-02	Well she hasn't bought the Unsullied yet, she's just in Astapor... I thought, anyway.You thought correctly.Also, there was an image floating around prior to the start of the season of a certain triad of dragons floating around above a city which, in retrospect of the first episode, gives away a lot more than I thought it did /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2796	Grandpa House	2013-04-02	I also think the Jorah line about "buying one ship" at the end of season 2 may have meant to be a little tongue-in-cheek, as in, they had really looted quite a bit of treasure and he was sort of downplaying it as a joke.
2797	Hellfell	2013-04-02	I think that Dany will send her dothraki to steal money and goods from good people of Astapor. They showed in season 2 that Dothraki like stealing. So they steal for about 6 episodes, but one day they don't return and Dany goes Where are my dothraki?!?!? Mode then saves the captured dothraki. By the end of the season she will be able to buy 100 Unsullied and move on.
2798	Reposado	2013-04-02	I also think the Jorah line about "buying one ship" at the end of season 2 may have meant to be a little tongue-in-cheek, as in, they had really looted quite a bit of treasure and he was sort of downplaying it as a joke.didnt think about it but thats quite possible in retrospect. vaults may have been empty but there was a lot of valuable lying around in there
2799	LordStoneheart	2013-04-02	Patience is the key for those who haven't read the book. The issue will be addressed.
And I totally respect OP's decision to not read them. I tried to get a friend to and she won't because she knows she'll find disappointments. Maybe when the show ends OP and my friend might want to read them.
2800	nubreed000	2013-04-02	I think that Dany will send her dothraki to steal money and goods from good people of Astapor. They showed in season 2 that Dothraki like stealing. So they steal for about 6 episodes, but one day they don't return and Dany goes Where are my dothraki?!?!? Mode then saves the captured dothraki. By the end of the season she will be able to buy 100 Unsullied and move on.I like this. Season 2 was all about "Where are my dragons!?!?" so keeping with that theme season 3 should be "where are my dothraki?!?!?"Season 4 = "Where are my pancakes?!?!"and so on
2801	boojam	2013-04-02	Well, at least that part makes sense with no Illyrio to send ships. Of course as someone who has read the books I know how it will continue.Yeah the butterfly effect again. Illyrio's part in Dany's departure was to remind readers that Illyrio/Varys have some mysterious BIGGER game going on.
2802	Howdyphillip	2013-04-02	I like this.Season 2 was all about "Where are my dragons!?!?" so keeping with that theme season 3 should be "where are my dothraki?!?!?"Season 4 = "Where are my pancakes?!?!"and so onThis is my favorite post read on this board this week...."WHERE ARE MY PANCAKES !!! I WANT TO EAT THEM WITH FIRE AND BLOOD !!!"
2803	boojam	2013-04-02	I haven't read the books (I don't want to spoil the series), so I am wondering, how is this played in books, because in series it doesn't make any sense.Season 2 ends with Daenerys companions looting Xaro's house. There is dialoge between Daenerys and Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah assures that valuable will be enough to buy 1 small ship. So where she suddenly gets money to buy 8000 elite soldiers ?The answer to that was first time I was really surprised in the books by George, I flat was not expecting what happened, so if you want some fun don't ask anyone to spoil it for you.
2804	~Shiera Seastar~	2013-04-02	I haven't read the books (I don't want to spoil the series), so I am wondering, how is this played in books, because in series it doesn't make any sense.Season 2 ends with Daenerys companions looting Xaro's house. There is dialoge between Daenerys and Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah assures that valuable will be enough to buy 1 small ship. So where she suddenly gets money to buy 8000 elite soldiers ?That scene is awesome. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Meanwhile, enjoy the teaser previews of this season.
2805	Balefont	2013-04-02	I haven't read the books (I don't want to spoil the series), so I am wondering, how is this played in books, because in series it doesn't make any sense.Season 2 ends with Daenerys companions looting Xaro's house. There is dialoge between Daenerys and Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah assures that valuable will be enough to buy 1 small ship. So where she suddenly gets money to buy 8000 elite soldiers ?Why ask and the say, "But please!  No spoilers!"?< perplexed >
2806	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-02	Didn't she rob that guy who was sleeping with Doreah last season?She collected a small bit of restitution for her murdered khalasar, stolen dragons and kidnap attempt from duck sauce.
2807	Ghosteline	2013-04-02	It's going to be very cool. I remember I was super excited when reading that part in the books.
2808	Honey Badger	2013-04-02	You can't ask for a spoiler and then say no spoilers.  Just wait and see.
2809	King of Winters	2013-04-03	Well, at least that part makes sense with no Illyrio to send ships. Of course as someone who has read the books I know how it will continue.So will I
2810	Ser Drizztos	2013-04-03	I haven't read the book so I'm just speculating, but I don't think she has any intention to pay for them. I fully expected Jorah to chop the slavemasters head off right there when he mentioned the killing babies part or started insulting them. but nothing happened. Maybe not yet.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Drizztos, 03 April 2013 - 06:08 AM.
2811	Clariana	2013-04-03	My hubby guessed it right from the context.
2812	boojam	2013-04-03	I haven't read the book so I'm just speculating, but I don't think she has any intention to pay for them. I fully expected Jorah to chop the slavemasters head off right there when he mentioned the killing babies part or started insulting them. but nothing happened. Maybe not yet.No all the evidence has been given to you , if you want to play detective it is a fun game to try to put all the pieces together. When I read the book I could not deduce it.By the by in the book Illyrio Mopatis has given Dany three ships that do contain some trading goods , which could be bargained for , that is a little tweak that GRRM uses to help throw one off, seemingly not used on the show.It is my favorite scene in SoS... I was gob smacked!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 03 April 2013 - 06:17 AM.
2813	PatrickStormborn	2013-04-03	I also think the Jorah line about "buying one ship" at the end of season 2 may have meant to be a little tongue-in-cheek, as in, they had really looted quite a bit of treasure and he was sort of downplaying it as a joke. Yeah that's how I saw it too. There was clearly enough in Xaro's house to pay for a lot more than just a ship.
2814	Greywolf2375	2013-04-03	Where did the money come from?
Little know fact...The Lannisters are and have always been jealous of the Targaryens.  The joke about Tywin pooping gold is actually based on an old Valyrian wives tale about dragon excrement and how, because of the heat they produce, they would poop raw diamonds.  Dany didn't know this, but the first time the dragons left a bunny trail, she saw what she had on her hands, literally (disgusting little buggers really).  Have you ever seen dragon poop on the show?  No.  Why?  Because she has a Valyrian steel pooper scooper to collect all the dragon diamonds.
So, in order to cover where she is getting her vast hoard from (and where dragons get theirs, really), she is using the "looting" of Xaro's house.
True story.
2815	Xray the Enforcer	2013-04-03	Closing this thread because the longer it stays open, the more likely some asshole will come in and post a spoiler. I don't feel like permabanning anyone today, so I am just going to remove the temptation altogether.
2816	Israel	2013-04-03	Did u catch it in the background right after Cersei leaves and Tyrion and Bronn leaves?  In the background they are rebuliding the tower of the hand.  I'm glad they put that in there.
2817	Great Winter Knight	2013-04-01	Not counting the ones that burn on the Blackwater, did Mel say she burned one of Davos's sons in her fire?  She said it to him right before he did his half ass murder attempt.  If so did it also happen in the book?  I don't remember it happening, but I have slept since reading that part.
2818	Ran	2013-04-01	I believe she was saying that Davos shouldn't despair, all those who died by fire died the purists of death (his son included). The suggestion that his son burning alive was somehow pure... well, we saw what Davos did in response.
I do not believe Melisandre ever claims death by fire is the purest death in the novels, but I may well be wrong; and even if she doesn't actually say it, I imagine the character in the novels actually believes it.
2819	Lady Octarina	2013-04-01	@Ran
I think I remember her criticizing wildfire in the novels as a kind of fake fire, or something? If that's the case, I'm sure she wouldn't say that about Mathos' death.
2820	matchesmalone	2013-04-01	I don't think she was saying that she actually burned him.
In one of the Season 2 episodes, as she's leaving the room she whispers something into Mathos' ear. Stannis asks her what she said, and she states something about how "fire is the purest death" or something along those lines.
So, when she repeats the line about fire, death, etc to Davos in S3E1, the implication is that she prophesied Mathos' death by fire. At least that's what I took from it.
2821	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	I don't think she was saying that she actually burned him.In one of the Season 2 episodes, as she's leaving the room she whispers something into Mathos' ear. Stannis asks her what she said, and she states something about how "fire is the purest death" or something along those lines.So, when she repeats the line about fire, death, etc to Davos in S3E1, the implication is that she prophesied Mathos' death by fire. At least that's what I took from it.This. I believe in season 2 episode 2 Mel whispers the "fire is the purest death" to Mathos, who burns up at the black water, meaning to me that she saw his death in her flames.
2822	MoA«t	2013-04-01	I don't think she was saying that she actually burned him.In one of the Season 2 episodes, as she's leaving the room she whispers something into Mathos' ear. Stannis asks her what she said, and she states something about how "fire is the purest death" or something along those lines.So, when she repeats the line about fire, death, etc to Davos in S3E1, the implication is that she prophesied Mathos' death by fire. At least that's what I took from it.This.
2823	winterstood	2013-04-01	Stannis' son was killed by wildfire - so I took it as her purposefully fucking with him by reminding him if that fact when she said "like I told your son - fire is the purest form of death" - and that set him off.
2824	kevin1989	2013-04-02	I believe she was saying that Davos shouldn't despair, all those who died by fire died the purists of death (his son included). The suggestion that his son burning alive was somehow pure... well, we saw what Davos did in response.I do not believe Melisandre ever claims death by fire is the purest death in the novels, but I may well be wrong; and even if she doesn't actually say it, I imagine the character in the novels actually believes it.Wasn't in it. Smart that they did it this way for the show only the Mel from the books wouldn't provoke somebody like this. But this is the TV show and this minor change doesn't bother me.
2825	Mulled Wino	2013-04-02	I don't think she was saying that she actually burned him.In one of the Season 2 episodes, as she's leaving the room she whispers something into Mathos' ear. Stannis asks her what she said, and she states something about how "fire is the purest death" or something along those lines.So, when she repeats the line about fire, death, etc to Davos in S3E1, the implication is that she prophesied Mathos' death by fire. At least that's what I took from it.The rub is that she's throwing it in Davos' face that his son wouldn't have died if she had been there.
2826	nubreed000	2013-04-02	book spoiler below
	Spoiler  is his son actually dead?? i swear that i remember him surviving too

					
					
							Edited by nubreed000, 02 April 2013 - 07:48 PM.
2827	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	book spoiler below
	Spoiler  is his son actually dead?? i swear that i remember him surviving too

	Spoiler I believe all but one die, from at least the sons that go with him. In the novels he has several sons, not just the one.
2828	stunningsteve	2013-04-02	book spoiler below
	Spoiler  is his son actually dead?? i swear that i remember him surviving too

	Spoiler Mathos died in the books, too. However there Davos had 7 sons and 4 (including Mathos) of them died on the Blackwater. Devan was and still is Stannis squire and the 2 youngest are with their mother.
2829	nubreed000	2013-04-02	ah yes...now I remember. Thanks guys
2830	Serr Parker	2013-04-02	Edit* didn't get the spoiler code right
					
					
							Edited by Serr Parker, 02 April 2013 - 08:33 PM.
2831	Ran	2013-03-31	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
2832	dtones520	2013-03-31	Great episode. Obviously there was some changes, but it got to the heart of where the characters are at this point in their story. I liked how they introduced Barristan and skipped the Artsan storyline. It was too obvious for show watchers who he was, no need to add more character confusion with the huge cast they have.
Main complaint was the first scene, why was ghost there?
2833	DragonAge93	2013-03-31	Really enjoyed the episode! Understandable that this is the kickstarter of the season, so it needs to set things up. Loved the giant in the beginning. Looked really well done, and hope to see more of them, especially for the battle at the Wall. Loved the Unsullied at the end, too. And the cutting of the Unsullied's nipple. Perfect. This season is gonna be spectacular.
2834	morgan1028	2013-03-31	I am a little bummed.  Yea wtf Ghost?  I was wondering where you were last year.. oh, seems you too took the black.
2835	Dragon of Valyria	2013-03-31	The only thing more fantastic than Sansa was the dragons. That zoom in on Drogon was adorable. 
Also I am very pleased to see Astapor so soon. I love seeing eastern cities. 
Also: was that VALYRIAN that Grazdan was speaking??? Awesome!!!
2836	Trebla	2013-03-31	Very interesting developments. By immediately revealing Selmy, it creates a situation where Mormont becomes jealous and overbearing. I mean, who wouldn't be intimidated by Barristan the Bold. Another thing that occurred to me was that I don't think Barristan was ever shown sitting on the Small Council, so may not know that Mormont was informing on Dany.   Another thing was Margaery's charity work is very much a political ploy to build power. Joffrey doesn't see it but Cersei certainly does.
2837	Tewks44	2013-03-31	Awesome episode, my fears that they will make significant departures from the book have been quelled.  I'm okay with Robb occupying harrenhall because those were some well done scenes and I think there's potential there, and I totally understand revealing Barristan right from the get go.  It's not the same for a TV viewer, so there would be no intrigue or mystery to who Arstan is.
2838	WinterKing	2013-03-31	Ghost did not accompany Jon? And what they did to Qyburn? And Robb? And Davos?
2839	Tewks44	2013-03-31	Really enjoyed the episode! Understandable that this is the kickstarter of the season, so it needs to set things up. Loved the giant in the beginning. Looked really well done, and hope to see more of them, especially for the battle at the Wall. Loved the Unsullied at the end, too. And the cutting of the Unsullied's nipple. Perfect. This season is gonna be spectacular.yeah, I can't believe they included that part!  I also liked the nod to the book when Cersei says people have been saying Tyrion's nose was cut off.
2840	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-03-31	Winterfell in ruins during the opening was SAD. Made me tear up. Good opening episode. Not too many nitpicks. Mainly I just want more! It flew by. OK, I'm a little *gag* with the Ros/Shae conversation.
2841	Ser Farbod	2013-03-31	It had its ups and downs.  Overall I didnt have a problem with the pacing, but thats probably because I was so excited that I wanted it to go slow and never end.
- The first scene with Sam was a bit of a let down.  It looks like they are saving parts of this for later...  
- LOVED Tormund Giantsbane.  Actor did a terrific job.  The giants also were well done.  However Mance was poorly done.  Love the way he was introduced in the books.
- At first I was a tad upset with Dontos basically being deleted from the story, but on second thought this was a good decision.
- The changes to Margery are understandable as she will be the focus of King's Landing this season
- HUGE LETDOWN when Barristan's identity is given away instantly.  Also no Strong Belwas.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Farbod, 31 March 2013 - 09:21 PM.
2842	Lord Godric	2013-03-31	I thought this episode had many great individual scenes: Jon/Mance, Tyrion/Cersei, Tyrion/Tywin and the dinner between the Tyrells and Joffrey and Cersei were all fantastic scenes.  Overall, I thought it felt a little slow but it was setting up the season so it's understandable.  I'm curious to see what people hated (Ghost is the obvious one) because I didn't see much I objected to at all. 
It broke my heart to see a razed Winterfell in the credits. I expected them to just skip it, but seeing the ruins was more heartbreaking.
2843	Lord Godric	2013-03-31	- The changes to Margery are understandable as she will be the focus of King's Landing this season- HUGE LETDOWN when Baristan's identity is given away instantly.  Also no Strong Belwas.I knew people would have a problem with this, but when it's on the screen it's harder to hide his identity to the audience.  Especially when they show him in the "Previously On..." bit.  No Strong Belwas is disappointing, but I think it was a good decision not to have him pretending to be Arstan Whitebeard.
2844	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2013-03-31	Watching Tywin deliver that speech to Tyrion was even more hurtful than reading it.  Tywin is an asshole.
2845	Ser Farbod	2013-03-31	I knew people would have a problem with this, but when it's on the screen it's harder to hide his identity to the audience.  Especially when they show him in the "Previously On..." bit.  No Strong Belwas is disappointing, but I think it was a good decision not to have him pretending to be Arstan Whitebeard.I understand the need for it, but I wish they gave him a longer beard, didnt include his scene in the previously on segment and built him up for a few episodes before revealing who he was.  The build up in the book was tremendous.
2846	Tourniquet	2013-03-31	Everything was great. Changes were non too damaging. Only the Ghost change was awful. Great episode!
2847	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-03-31	I couldn't stand Strong Belwas in the books, so I don't mind him gone from the show. I'm fine with the quick reveal of Barristan.
2848	houseHB	2013-03-31	Well Jon and Ghost get separated anyway in the middle of Storm, so I guess they decided just have Ghost remain with the Nights Watch even though I could have sworn that Ghost was shown when Jon was first with the half-hand?
2849	Tourniquet	2013-03-31	Watching Tywin deliver that speech to Tyrion was even more hurtful than reading it.  Tywin is an asshole.They nailed that scene...no wonder since they basically directly quoted the book.
2850	Burford11	2013-03-31	Really loved the episode:
- Cold (hehe) opening with Sam was a bit disappointing, I would've liked to see a full battle, but it was chilling (and there's a second one!) nonetheless
- Daenerys looks to be all kinds of awesome, and I'm quite glad that they skipped the whole Arstan Whitebeard subplot
- Tormund is f-cking perfect!!
- The Tyrion/Tywin scene was perfect also.
- Destroyed Winterfell in the credits was cool, and I got all excited to see Astapor there too!
- But I missed several characters /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> (Arya, Brienne, Jaime, Bran)
2851	Turinqui-Calima	2013-03-31	I thought this episode had many great individual scenes: Jon/Mance, Tyrion/Cersei, Tyrion/Tywin and the dinner between the Tyrells and Joffrey and Cersei were all fantastic scenes.  Overall, I thought it felt a little slow but it was setting up the season so it's understandable.  I'm curious to see what people hated (Ghost is the obvious one) because I didn't see much I objected to at all.It broke my heart to see a razed Winterfell in the credits. I expected them to just skip it, but seeing the ruins was more heartbreaking.The Ros and Shae scene was horrible. My two least favorite characters together.Overall I thought it was a good season opening though and agree all those scenes you mentioned were awesome. I loved that Cersei mentioned Tyrion loosing his nose.
2852	Tourniquet	2013-03-31	Well Jon and Ghost get separated anyway in the middle of Storm, so I guess they decided just have Ghost remain with the Nights Watch even though I could have sworn that Ghost was shown when Jon was first with the half-hand?They showed Ghost off in the distance near Jon in a few of the scenes with the Half hand.
2853	Trebla	2013-03-31	I knew people would have a problem with this, but when it's on the screen it's harder to hide his identity to the audience.  Especially when they show him in the "Previously On..." bit.  No Strong Belwas is disappointing, but I think it was a good decision not to have him pretending to be Arstan Whitebeard.  Yeah, like I said I think it creates a different dynamic between the three. Mormont has been Dany's protector and confidant but Selmy is a link to her family. I think we'll have much bigger disputes between the two than in the books.
2854	Carne	2013-03-31	Really enjoyed the Margaery and Dany scenes. Not the best GoT episode, but as reviewers have said it's the weakest of the first four.
2855	morgan1028	2013-03-31	mance isn't how he is in my head.  The scene w/ him and Jon was good I wonder why they didn't keep the bastard story?  No Dornishman's wife
2856	Ser Farbod	2013-03-31	I thought this episode had many great individual scenes: Jon/Mance, Tyrion/Cersei, Tyrion/Tywin and the dinner between the Tyrells and Joffrey and Cersei were all fantastic scenes.  Overall, I thought it felt a little slow but it was setting up the season so it's understandable.  I'm curious to see what people hated (Ghost is the obvious one) because I didn't see much I objected to at all.It broke my heart to see a razed Winterfell in the credits. I expected them to just skip it, but seeing the ruins was more heartbreaking.I didnt have a problem with Ghost being there.  Ghost with Jon would be distracting.  I LOVED Tormund.  The actor did a great job.  Mance was very underwhelming.  None of the charisma a leader should have, and none of the charm and story from the books.  A let down for sure.
2857	Tourniquet	2013-03-31	The Ros and Shae scene was horrible. My two least favorite characters together.Overall I thought it was a good season opening though and agree all those scenes you mentioned were awesome. I loved that Cersei mentioned Tyrion loosing his nose.I thought that was a very funny nod to the books and the more faithful readers.
2858	Mya Stone	2013-03-31	I'm anxiously awaiting Rockroi's breakdown. 
I thought it was a good premiere. Nice to see Charles Dance chewing up everything on screen and spitting it out again.
Anyone catch what he was writing? I know it was a letter to either Frey or Roose, I just wonder if there was enough shown to gather that by non-book readers.
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 31 March 2013 - 09:28 PM.
2859	Burford11	2013-03-31	Also, did Littlefinger confirm that he knew it was Arya at Harrenhal??
2860	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-03-31	Watching Tywin deliver that speech to Tyrion was even more hurtful than reading it.  Tywin is an asshole.I was thinking the same thing. And to see Tyrion's face made it even worst. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2861	Mya Stone	2013-03-31	Also, did Littlefinger confirm that he knew it was Arya at Harrenhal??I gathered that, yes.
2862	Tom son of Tom	2013-03-31	- The first scene with Sam was a bit of a let down.  It looks like they are saving parts of this for later...  - HUGE LETDOWN when Barristan's identity is given away instantly.  Also no Strong Belwas.- I agree. I was hoping to see the battle at the Fist.- I don't get how people were really expecting HBO to go the Arstan route. It would just be awkward hiding his identity even though we know it is Selmy, just my opinion I guess. And I wish Belwas was cast too. Maybe they can introduce him next season somehow.
2863	Greyjoy67	2013-03-31	Ros & Shae was the only properly bad thing in this episode.
To address other criticisms:
-  you didn't see your favourite characters yet? Good, the show is getting more like the books. It adds tension, and immerses you in the world a bit more. 
- The quick reveal of Barristan was so, so necessary. No way would that have worked. I'm not remotely bothered either, drags on in the book. Glad they got that out of the way - how would you hide that that was the same dude?
2864	Madfunkymonkey	2013-03-31	Loved the first episode.
2865	King Zee	2013-03-31	Also, did Littlefinger confirm that he knew it was Arya at Harrenhal??no he was lying.
2866	Darth Pipes	2013-03-31	Really strong premeire.  I think this season is already off to a good start.
-Tyrion/Tywin was definitely the highlight and that scene came across as strong as it did in the book. 
-I enjoyed Davos/Sallador a great deal and Davos's storyline in general came off strong.  We even got to see his short fingers several times.
-Jon's storyline is already starting off better than last seasons.  We get Giants and Mance and Tormund coming off strong.
-Unsullied storyline was handled great.  Looks good for Dany's storyline.
-The one disappointment for me was Robb the Oathbreaking Hypocrite.  Yes, Northmen, be upset with Catelyn and not at your King for selfishly throwing away an alliance.  It doesn't help that Robb is surrounded onscreen by disloyal bannerman.  At least the Tullys should be coming into the picture soon.  But I will absolutely laugh if Robb berates Edmure for not following orders.
2867	Greyjoy67	2013-03-31	Also to copy and paste (Why is there two separate threads - I've never got that... everyone discusses it in rate the episode anyway):Better than I expected considering the pessimism on here, but then the reviews have been so positive.8/10, which is what I wanted for an opening episode. Tywin & Tyrion is one of my fave chapters in the book and they nailed it. That's like two points in itself. I digged the Davos stuff as well, that was more or less straight from the book. Tarly stuff was good. Jon Snow joining wildlings worked quite nicely. Arstan's joining Dany was a bit rushed, but okay. Some good foreshadowing with Roose Bolton and co. that I liked as well. Stuff that was added - Margaery's stuff worked, and they played her off against Cersei nice and early which I was glad to see. Somewhat predictably, the only part I really objected to was Shae & Ros. Hopefully they don't crop up too much again, it seemed like they were building some sort of storyline there too - I guess we'll just have to accept that one for what it is. I'd have preferred some Dontos but whatever.Good episode. Found it quite cinematic at points - dragon scene, white walkers, armies marching etc. It was cool. I can see how they've improved visually - I found season two claustrophobic at points, and they've improved upon that in this episode.
2868	Dragon of Valyria	2013-03-31	Yeah, the Arstan thing seemed pretty tough to me -- I remember telling people that Barristan was my second or third favorite character, and they were mostly like -- who? We saw a lot of Barristan in season 1, but it's been a while. Also in terms of efficient time management, it's just not worth it.
2869	Lady Tippy Wolfsbane	2013-03-31	mance isn't how he is in my head.  The scene w/ him and Jon was good I wonder why they didn't keep the bastard story?  No Dornishman's wifeIn my head, Mance was an attractive older guy. TV Mance...not so much. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
2870	Broken Fox	2013-03-31	The premiere was great. I really liked the Jon Snow and Mance Rayder scene. Jon here felt more true to his character in the books, rather than the whiny doofus from season 2. And the Tyrion/Tywin scene was brutal.
2871	Darth Pipes	2013-03-31	I'm not worried about the beginning with Sam.  It's clear they are holding off his White Walker confrontation until later this season.  Look at it this way...would the White Walkers really come across as threatening if Sam slays one in the first five minutes of Season 3?
2872	Mya Stone	2013-03-31	no he was lying.Was he, though?
2873	tito5601	2013-03-31	so what do u think tywin was writing on the paper while tyrion waited for him, a certain letter to roose or a frey perhaps
2874	King Zee	2013-03-31	In my head, Mance was an attractive older guy. TV Mance...not so much. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />isnt Mance supposed to blend into the background ?
2875	Greyjoy67	2013-03-31	Also, did Littlefinger confirm that he knew it was Arya at Harrenhal??If the purists are upset by this then I'll laugh. Nout wrong with this change.
2876	Turinqui-Calima	2013-03-31	The letter says (I think):
*mind to scavenge*
*be long, we shall hunt*
*need those supplies for a long while*
*essfull hunt deserves to be marked*
*and ripe for the*
2877	Lady Lea	2013-03-31	Best scene hands down was the Tywin/Tyrion one, great stuff, a masterclass in acting by Mr Dance.
Worst scene imo was the brothel scene with Bronn which was totally useless. Even the scene with Ros was better and that is saying something.
2878	Dragon of Valyria	2013-03-31	The brothel was useless but at least the scene was mercifully short.
2879	King Zee	2013-03-31	Was he, though?and he failed to mention this to Tywin or capture Arya himself because ..... ?
2880	Lady Lea	2013-03-31	-The one disappointment for me was Robb the Oathbreaking Hypocrite.  Yes, Northmen, be upset with Catelyn and not at your King for selfishly throwing away an alliance.  It doesn't help that Robb is surrounded onscreen by disloyal bannerman.  At least the Tullys should be coming into the picture soon.  But I will absolutely laugh if Robb berates Edmure for not following orders.LOL tell me about it. They are doing a really great job of making us root for Roose Bolton and the Freys.
2881	King Zee	2013-03-31	The brothel was useless but at least the scene was mercifully short.at least there seems to be an improvement in the quality of the whores.
2882	Faint	2013-03-31	It looks like they are ditching some of the mystery elements in order to simply the plot and not get the uninitiated confused (i.e., Littlefinger's role in Sansa's rescue, Baristan Selmy's identity, Davos' imprisonment).
2883	Ser Farbod	2013-03-31	Best scene hands down was the Tywin/Tyrion one, great stuff, a masterclass in acting by Mr Dance.Easily the best scene of the episode.  Loved when Tyrion turns around when he says "And one more thing..." but then angrily walking away when he threatens to hang the next whore he catches in Tyrion's bed.
2884	Trebla	2013-03-31	My own opinion was that LF did know it was Arya in Harrenhall.
2885	Dragon of Valyria	2013-03-31	and he failed to mention this to Tywin or capture Arya himself because ..... ? Show!Littlefinger seems to enjoy doing things for the lulz.. or not doing them, as the case may be.
2886	Fez	2013-03-31	Really liked the Tywin/Tyrion scene, the Mance/Jon scene (although I liked the book conversation a lot more; but it would've taken too much time to do it justice), and Dany's scenes, and I didn't mind the changes I noticed.  Overall though, I thought the episode was just a bit... slow, I guess.  I suppose it was inevitable, there's too much stuff that needs to get setup for after all, but it felt a bit too much like throat-clearing, and that's not the most enjoyable of things.
Guess I give it a 7/10.
2887	Florent Vixen	2013-03-31	I think Ciaren Hinds is going to make a good Mance.
I think the Barristan reveal was the right choice.
Ros and Shae, yuck.
Disappointed there was no Jaime and Brienne.
I think the PW is on for this season.
2888	Trebla	2013-03-31	and he failed to mention this to Tywin or capture Arya himself because ..... ? Because he is LF and he plays his own game. At this point he still wants Cat.
2889	Bride of Winter	2013-03-31	I was just happy to see Roose.
this is the level I set my expectations at at this point.
EDIT: oh also, wildlings were really well done, though I wasn't a fan of how they cut out Mance's story of why he joined the wildlings. in the books it was what made me start to like/sympathize with them for the first time.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 31 March 2013 - 09:39 PM.
2890	Lady Octarina	2013-03-31	A good episode, though maybe the weakest opening so far. I loved Tormund and Mance; Davos was absolutely perfect, Stannis, I felt like giving him a hug, now more than ever, poor guy. I realized I barely remember what Barristan looked like in season one, only knew who he was because of the books - btw, the non-book readers who watched it with me had no idea who the old man was, which makes me thing the Arstan thing could have worked. The dragons looked incredibly cute, and the Unsullied were adequate. I loved cynical Sansa and creepy Petyr conspiring, and Margaery showing she can play the game of thrones, while Joffrey is too afraid to have anything thrown his way again. Oh, Qyburn's appearance was just one of those moments to make you laugh maniacally. The best thing, though, was the Tyrion X Tywin scene - the raw hostility from the latter, and the crushed hopes from the former were just heartbreaking, the only thing in the entire episode to (Tumblr language alert) give me any feels, in the entire episode. I didn't like how they made it look like Stannis was nothing more than Mel's puppet, just another "Theoden"; I mean, okay, we have the feeling thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how things are in the book, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s from Davosâ<U+0080><U+0099> POV, I had hoped they would show things in a more complex manner on the show. It was also a bit frustrating  how the two battles we were supposed to have this episode were simply hinted at; sure, battles are expensive, and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d rather have dragons and direwolves, but not even some minor fighting in the background? And why the hell was Ghost with Mormont's group? The worst thing, though? No Jaime and Brienne, and no Arya, but that's okay, we'll have them next episode.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2891	Mya Stone	2013-03-31	Best scene hands down was the Tywin/Tyrion one, great stuff, a masterclass in acting by Mr Dance.Worst scene imo was the brothel scene with Bronn which was totally useless. Even the scene with Ros was better and that is saying something.Not useless. Boob quota met.
2892	dtones520	2013-03-31	Really strong premeire.  I think this season is already off to a good start.-Tyrion/Tywin was definitely the highlight and that scene came across as strong as it did in the book. -I enjoyed Davos/Sallador a great deal and Davos's storyline in general came off strong.  We even got to see his short fingers several times.-Jon's storyline is already starting off better than last seasons.  We get Giants and Mance and Tormund coming off strong.-Unsullied storyline was handled great.  Looks good for Dany's storyline.-The one disappointment for me was Robb the Oathbreaking Hypocrite.  Yes, Northmen, be upset with Catelyn and not at your King for selfishly throwing away an alliance.  It doesn't help that Robb is surrounded onscreen by disloyal bannerman.  At least the Tullys should be coming into the picture soon.  But I will absolutely laugh if Robb berates Edmure for not following orders.Is Robb not an Oathbreaking Hypocrite in the books too? If I recall Walder Frey has him killed because he broke his marriage oath to him in the books too.As for disloyal bannermen, what has Rickard or Roose done on the show yet to give them the disloyal label? You know they will become disloyal, but they have yet to do anything to betray Robb in the show. They have given him council on certain matters, Robb has told them that he will do otherwise and they obey.
2893	Mya Stone	2013-03-31	My own opinion was that LF did know it was Arya in Harrenhall.I agree, Trebs.
2894	Darth Pipes	2013-03-31	Is Robb not an Oathbreaking Hypocrite in the books too? If I recall Walder Frey has him killed because he broke his marriage oath to him in the books too.As for disloyal bannermen, what has Rickard or Roose done on the show yet to give them the disloyal label? You know they will become disloyal, but they have yet to do anything to betray Robb in the show. They have given him council on certain matters, Robb has told them that he will do otherwise and they obey.Yes, he did break his oath in the books but his reasons were more honorable than selfish.  Still dumb but TV Robb is a selfish prat.Barristan wasn't on the Small Council on the show so it's likely he doesn't know about Jorah.  It is possible he does know about Jorah though and is waiting until he really gains the Queen's trust.
2895	winterstood	2013-03-31	I'm trying to remember...I know Robb didn't get to Harrenhall in the book - but how far did he get. and I think the directors should show much more conflict in how he handles his mom - yes, he's mad at her - but he's also mad at himself and he also desperately loves her and she, him. they're all each other has. and I wish the director's would reflect that a little bit more.
Oh HBO why can't you give 40-50 million more dollars and 3 extra episodes a season for this great show. We lost all of Robert's Rebellion in Season 1. and now, so far we lost the Battle of the Fist (can't remember the actual name of it..lol) because of hbo's budgetary cuts. hbo makes half a billion dollars a month. they can afford it!
2896	jons nissa	2013-03-31	It looks like they are ditching some of the mystery elements in order to simply the plot and not get the uninitiated confused (i.e., Littlefinger's role in Sansa's rescue, Baristan Selmy's identity, Davos' imprisonment).yes. i'm wondering if these changes will affect the dynamic between sansa/littlefinger in that she will be more trusting of him and davos/stannis in that the bromance won't be as strong. it was truly impressive when davos risked death or abadonmnet by saying boldly and proudly "the rightful king, stannis" only to have stannis treat him like a traitor. so sad.
2897	Faint	2013-03-31	I agree about the need for the Barristan reveal. Television-only viewers haven't seen him in two years. They are confused enough as it is.
2898	MyLittleDirewolf	2013-03-31	Wondering if they have Ghost with the Night's Watch for future Jon warging reasons. Like, he'll have a "wolf dream" and see what's going on with the NW, through Ghost. Just a crackpot idea here.
Feeling a little disappointed with Mance. I know the actor's good (I'm not familiar, but that's all I've heard since he was cast) but Mance was so much more charming in the books, more easygoing.
2899	tito5601	2013-03-31	My own opinion was that LF did know it was Arya in Harrenhall. i agree with u he definityl knew he just never told tywin or anybody cause he doesnt care about any of them and it doesnt help him in any way revealing her identity to him at the time
2900	Sphinx The Riddle	2013-03-31	that was probably an important letter Tywin was writing........ /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
2901	Darth Pipes	2013-03-31	I was disappointed to lose the mention of Mance being at Winterfell (I suppose they could still add that) and Jon mentioning his "real reason" for turning cloak.
2902	Lord Godric	2013-03-31	gah, my post keeps getting eaten.
I dunno what there is for Sansa to do if the Purple Wedding is next season.
2903	Queen Arya	2013-03-31	i really liked the episode.
the opening scene was a bit weak but i didnt mind that much... if they manage to make sam "the slayer" before the end of the season
tyrion vs tywin was dark dark dark. but the best scene in the episode. the dialogue between cersei and tyrion was amazing too.
i liked jon's reason in the series better than in the book... i think the producers did a good job to use that craster's scene from last season as a motive
the characterization of margeary was very well done.
the scene of barry's revelation was weak.... i can't point exactly why but i didn't like it
and i want to slap mel and stannis so bad! poor davos. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
2904	otherbeef	2013-03-31	if no Strong Belwas means a badass scene of Barristan defeating Meereen's champion i'm all for it
2905	Madfunkymonkey	2013-03-31	On my 2nd viewing and I just saw a goof.Right before Lady Margery walks over the puddle of piss and poop you can see the Spanks of the girl behind her.
					
					
							Edited by The Knee-Slayer, 31 March 2013 - 09:49 PM.
2906	morgan1028	2013-03-31	ok, one last comment, Roose was giving Robb the evil eye.... he was
2907	Ser Farbod	2013-03-31	After thinking about it some more I guess the Barristan reveal was necessary.  He is introduced much later (in Astapor instead of Qarth) so I guess there wasn't enough story there to hide him for very long...
I am still unhappy with the changes to Mance however.
2908	morgan1028	2013-03-31	what is spanks?
2909	jons nissa	2013-03-31	i loved jealous cersei and clueless, cocky joffrey at dinner with the tyrell siblings.
interesting how weak stannis has been made on the show. he truly seems to be melisandre's pet. lost without her. she even says so, in her own way.
2910	Carranca	2013-03-31	Very nice episode.
But, hey, was the episode dedicated for who? I mean the "In Memoriam" in the credits.
2911	SelaBela	2013-03-31	Thought this was wonderful- so glad HBO Go is up right as the show is live!
To all those complaining about Ghost/Jon: at first I was a little bummed too.  Then I thought about how it really represents that a part of him is still in the Night's Watch, he is torn.  He isn't full wildling, which may be important to stress to non-book reading audiences.
I actually have to say that Ros has won me over now.  Her protectiveness over Sansa really struck me, and I can forgive her existence because she is of the North. 
Loved the quick reveal with Barristan, although I am sad to miss Belwas.  Thought that little girl was creepy from the get-go! Excellent, excellent, excellent!
2912	Tom son of Tom	2013-03-31	what is spanks? Undergarments that help shape your body. Girls usually wear them to give them "figure".
2913	jons nissa	2013-03-31	I dunno what there is for Sansa to do if the Purple Wedding is next season.well there is her own wedding. besides, the actress stated in an interview that you will see sansa laugh this season. something must happen to make her happy.
2914	Lord Godric	2013-03-31	Why isn't Loras a member of the Kingsguard.  I can't remember the timing of that in the books.
2915	Jwardwesteros	2013-03-31	I'm dissapointed they went with such human like Giants.
My vision from the books was more yeti than man.
2916	Fragile Bird	2013-03-31	I noticed that Cersei tells Margery "when you are queen", so we are seeing the back scenes plotting of getting rid of Sansa that we never saw in the books, which is a nice touch.  Silly me, we saw Sansa released last season, the scene with Sansa in the balcony and her barely concealed joy.  But we did not see dinner meetings like this with Cersei and Joff, which I did like to set the scene for Margaery and the Tyrells to become popular.Charles Dance  is awesome, and Peter Dinklage and he just spark off of each other.
					
					
							Edited by Mistress F Fragile Love, 01 April 2013 - 02:47 PM.
2917	Malgarroth	2013-03-31	Very nice episode.But, hey, was the episode dedicated for who? I mean the "In Memoriam" in the credits.The guy who played Ilyn Payne I think.
2918	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-03-31	ok, one last comment, Roose was giving Robb the evil eye.... he wasWas Jorah giving Barristan the evil eye?  I think he was.  We can see the tension already as Jorah has been the only one that Dany could trust up until now.  Can't wait until Barristan snitches on Jorah for informing Robert of Dany's every move.
2919	jons nissa	2013-03-31	The guy who played Ilyn Payne I think.whoa. really? the actor died. i hadn't heard. sad news.
2920	Ramsay Gimp	2013-03-31	Roose comforting Karstark was interesting - also foreshadowed Locke when he said he had his "best hunter" after Jaime
2921	tito5601	2013-03-31	is it just me or roose is way more likeable in the show, that whole talk he had with karstark in the episode about avenging his sons made me like him abit where in the book everytime he was mentioned he came off way more menacing and made me feel like this is a person robb should worry about.
2922	Lord Varys	2013-03-31	Could anybody make out what the letters say on the other city design on Slaver's Bay? I think I saw a 'y' at the beginning, so it has to be Yunkai, but I'm not sure. It is too far south to be Meereen, anyway, but you never know.
Since we won't get to the third city this season, that's possibly a good sign that the cities are indeed not merged. They only need to design Meereen on the map when it becomes a location.
Oh, and by the way, I really liked Liam Cunningham's make-up.
Is it me, or look both Tywin and Barristan a lot older than last season/first season?
On that Bolton thing: I did not get any treachery vibe from Roose. The man just wants to recapture the Kingslayer. Which is the very thing Robb wants, too. Karstark is angry, Roose is all quiet and concerned. I start to like that actor.
2923	Ser Wun Wun	2013-03-31	Hey the forums back up!   For now at least....
Anyway, I liked the premiere.  The Sam opening was as shit as I thought it would be after reading some spoilers, but everything else was great.  I loved that they didn't try to cram a scene for every character in like they did last year.  I hated that about Season 2. 
That Tywin/Tyrion scene was really the standout for me, man was it hard to watch....but in a good way.  I can't wait to see more of Tywin interacting with his children and also Joff, especially Joff!!!.
2924	Cynthia Snow	2013-03-31	I don't mind the idea of Robb making it to Harrenhal, but I wonder how they're going to explain that Arya, who was heading north, and Robb's huge army, which was heading south, were unable to cross paths.  Unless in the show Arya was heading somewhere else? But I don't remember her doing so, and I don't see why she wouldn't head north.... That's my only real complaint, but since Arya wasn't shown at all maybe we'll get an explanation.
Although a bit slow, I thought it was a good set-up episode, and I was wondering how they would fit Ser Barristan in since Dany was buying her own ship instead of taking one sent by Illyrio.  I thought it worked well.  I wish we could've gotten more of the dialogue with Kraznys that was in the book, especially when he was talking about showing her around Astapor for the night, but I guess it would've gotten old.  I do wish they'd managed to mention that Dany understood everything Kraznys was saying.
And I agree with the above poster about Davos's make-up- it was awesome!
2925	Lion of Judah	2013-03-31	I thought Margery came off a bit too fake and calculated, but I loved how Joffrey checked Cersei at the dinner table. I'm surprised they kept us in suspense about Theon though since last we saw him he was being dragged off.
2926	Winter's Ghost	2013-03-31	My favorite parts were the introduction of Tormund and Marg winning over the people of King's Landing.
2927	Ramsay Gimp	2013-03-31	is it just me or roose is way more likeable in the show, that whole talk he had with karstark in the episode about avenging his sons made me like him abit where in the book everytime he was mentioned he came off way more menacing and made me feel like this is a person robb should worry about.They've toned down the creepiness but the lingering shots on McElhatton's intense stare should give attentive viewers an unsettling vibe
2928	Ramsay Gimp	2013-03-31	Also, is it just me or is Joffrey a bit more...mature in this episode? He actually seemed able to hold his own in intelligent conversation at that dinner
2929	DornishmansWife	2013-03-31	Was really disappointed that Robb imprisons his mother for freeing the Kingslayer, but doesn't realize his OWN oathbreaking, by marrying some foreign magical-doctor lady instead of honoring his betrothal...you know, the one that gave him thousands of soldiers.  
TV Robb, I am ready for your wedding.  I'll be singing the Rains of Castamere louder than anyone.  
Honestly, D&D what happened to that "Nobody calls my lady of Winterfell a traitor in my hearing!"
2930	Lord Varys	2013-03-31	One could see that Dany understood everything Kraznys was saying. Just as I assumed: They will save Dany's language skill until the very end. In the show they can drag that out, and the revelation is an important moment later on. Especially to Kraznys...And I'd be surprised if there was not another Kraznys-Dany scene before the grand finale. After all, she has to offer him and his colleagues a dragon, has she not?Joff intelligent, or even mature? Are you kidding me? That joke about the Small Council was as forced and stupid as Margaery and Loras' laughter was false.But it was funny how he did not know what to do when Margaery went to the orphanage...It will be interesting to see (or guess) if only the how of Joffrey's murder has to be determined in the show, or if the if is still discussed as well.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 31 March 2013 - 11:55 PM.
2931	Wun Drop	2013-03-31	Enjoyed it! Disappointed no Jaime/Brienne, but something to look forward to next episode.
For those of you complaining about Ros/Shae, remember that Ros is secretly working for Varys the Spider.
Was I the only one hoping that Bronn would tear off the whore's loincloth with his mouth to reveal
	Spoiler a penis
2932	Golden Lion	2013-03-31	I quite liked it, I feel like they streamlined a lot of the book. I'm not too fond of the stannis davos stuff though.  I quite like that they are showing Joffrey & Marg vs Cersei, where as before it was everybody vs Sansa.   Was the warlock's assassination in the book? i don't remember.
2933	Justin Danford	2013-03-31	Anyone catch how Boltons Brooch is basically the exact image of the hooded figure from the trailers? Confirms it as Theon and confirms we will have the unfortunate pleasure of seeing some flaying.I quite liked it ... Was the warlock's assassination in the book? i don't remember. It's from the end of book 2
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 01 April 2013 - 12:01 AM.
2934	rystine	2013-03-31	Also, is it just me or is Joffrey a bit more...mature in this episode? He actually seemed able to hold his own in intelligent conversation at that dinnerI agree.  I got the impression that Joffrey is genuinely attracted to Margaery and wants to impress her.
2935	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-01	I quite liked it, I feel like they streamlined a lot of the book. I'm not too fond of the stannis davos stuff though.  I quite like that they are showing Joffrey & Marg vs Cersei, where as before it was everybody vs Sansa.   Was the warlock's assassination in the book? i don't remember. Yeah, but iirc Arstan used a staff in the book to kill the manticore.
2936	FacelessSnow	2013-04-01	Anybody else think that the girl who tried to kill Dany was Waif from tHe House of Black and White?! Foreshadowing or a nod to book fans?
2937	not in the face	2013-04-01	Was Joffrey getting high in the carriage?
2938	Golden Lion	2013-04-01	Yeah, but iirc Arstan used a staff in the book to kill the manticore.Ah, I need to reread SOS it's been so long the show and books seem to be merging in my mind.
2939	rystine	2013-04-01	Anyone catch how Boltons Brooch is basically the exact image of the hooded figure from the trailers? Confirms it as Theon and confirms we will have the unfortunate pleasure of seeing some flaying.I did see that, you can also see the flayed man on his leather tunic in season 2 if you look closely enough. And 
	Spoiler if you look carefully in the preview for next weeks episode you can see some flayed man banners
I'm glad they are emphasizing the Boltons and other bannermens sigils, not just having everyone be a Stark/Lannister/etc.
2940	Bastard of Boston	2013-04-01	I agree.  I got the impression that Joffrey is genuinely attracted to Margaery and wants to impress her.Interesting observation that I never considered. Is the show attempting to make Joffrey more nuanced with the appearance of Marge? I'm not saying Joff won't still be the most hated character on TV, just that -- in keeping with everyone else -- David and Dan might be trying to tone it down a little bit before, well, you know.It also serves another purpose. Cersei has completely lost control of Joffrey. By showing that Marge has some modicum of influence on the way Joff conducts himself, it's another reason for Cersei to feel insecure. Here comes the beautiful Marge, the people love her, and she put the leash on Joff...something she was never able to do.
2941	Triskan	2013-04-01	Ser Barristan!!!!
I liked this one overall.
Natalie Dormer is a scene-stealer. 
No Jaime or Arya in this one which was only surprising to me because I'm seeing these posters all over the LA area w/ Jaime, Arya, Cercei, Robb, Sansa, Dany, Joffrey, etc...
Is it just me, or did Stephen Dillane become more refined or badass looking? 
I can't believe how good the dragons look.
2942	Sharpes	2013-04-01	Loved the giant. Though no mammoth. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Man, now I want a Other vs Giant showdown /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />Manticore/scorpion thing looked alright, if a bit rough on the animation. Dragons were great as usual.Guess the Mance/Jon convo from the book wouldn't have worked since we never saw Jon sitting in Winterfell hall during the feast (he was outside  being gloomy)...Selmy/Whitebeard had a slight Obiwan kenobi vibe going with the hood. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Wonder how Davos is going to get the letter that gets Stannis to ship off to the north? (course he has to learn to read first...)
					
					
							Edited by Sharpes, 01 April 2013 - 12:18 AM.
2943	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	Really liked this premiere. A bit slower, but necessary in order to properly set the stage for season 3 and remind the audience of what's going on. It was certainly miles better than the second two finale, which I thought was for the most part dreadful. In fact, there wasn't a scene I disliked in the whole episode (not even Ros). That most reviewers believe the season gets stronger with each episode is encouraging.
Best scenes:
Tywin/Tyrion: Absolutely nailed this scene, which might have had more impact than in the book just because of Dinklage's great reactions to Tywin's bile. Both of them were fantastic, and David and Dan kept all the best lines from this exchange in the book--"only mummers require applause" is a favorite of mine. Can't wait to see more of their exchanges as the season progresses.
Davos/Salladhor: Liked seeing Salladhor again, and while I vaguely remember the two meeting in ASOS, I believe most of their interaction here was invented. Still, great dialog and performances, especially Liam Cunningham.
Dany: Wow, her scenes in this episode are so much better than that whole mess of a Qarth story last season. I didn't really mind the Barristan reveal coming early, as in the TV medium this would have been difficult, especially since he wasn't used at all last season (probably should have been, but that's another story). I miss Strong Belwas, but with the cast of this show, he was certainly an expendable character.
Margeary in KL: Really like Dormer as Margaery, even though she's a bit different than the book version. I thought her exchanges with Cersei at dinner were very well played, and I look forward to the Queen of Thorns making an appearance.
Everything else I thought was well handled if not as good as the above. Jon Snow was one of my least favorite arcs last season, but I enjoyed his meeting with Mance, even if I much prefer hte book version. I'm not particularly impressed with Kit Harrington as Snow; he's just pretty bland and shows little emotion, but I liked Tormund. I also love Ciaran Hinds, even if this take on Mance is different (I still think Hinds would have been the perfect Roose Bolton).
Not sure where they're going with Stannis; I don't believe he meets Davos until somewhat the middle of ASOS, so they're taking a different direction here, but it could work. Stannis is never charismatic in the books, but he's one of my favorite characters, and I hope the show manages to get across his POV more as the season develops; I really started to like him when he made Davos his hand in ASOS, which the show has already revealed last season unfortunately.
Looking forward to next week and Arya, Bran, Jaime, and possibly Theon--interested to see what they're doing with him this season.
2944	irishking44	2013-04-01	Also to copy and paste (Why is there two separate threads - I've never got that... everyone discusses it in rate the episode anyway):Better than I expected considering the pessimism on here, but then the reviews have been so positive.8/10, which is what I wanted for an opening episode. Tywin & Tyrion is one of my fave chapters in the book and they nailed it. That's like two points in itself. I digged the Davos stuff as well, that was more or less straight from the book. Tarly stuff was good. Jon Snow joining wildlings worked quite nicely. Arstan's joining Dany was a bit rushed, but okay. Some good foreshadowing with Roose Bolton and co. that I liked as well.Stuff that was added - Margaery's stuff worked, and they played her off against Cersei nice and early which I was glad to see. Somewhat predictably, the only part I really objected to was Shae & Ros. Hopefully they don't crop up too much again, it seemed like they were building some sort of storyline there too - I guess we'll just have to accept that one for what it is. I'd have preferred some Dontos but whatever.Good episode. Found it quite cinematic at points - dragon scene, white walkers, armies marching etc. It was cool. I can see how they've improved visually - I found season two claustrophobic at points, and they've improved upon that in this episode.Yes I just hope they keep the later convo between Tyrion and Tywin"I won't have my grandson be a Robert the 2nd""Not Robert the 2nd, Aerys the 3rd"
2945	Montey14	2013-04-01	I don't mind the idea of Robb making it to Harrenhal, but I wonder how they're going to explain that Arya, who was heading north, and Robb's huge army, which was heading south, were unable to cross paths.  Unless in the show Arya was heading somewhere else? But I don't remember her doing so, and I don't see why she wouldn't head north.... That's my only real complaint, but since Arya wasn't shown at all maybe we'll get an explanation.Although a bit slow, I thought it was a good set-up episode, and I was wondering how they would fit Ser Barristan in since Dany was buying her own ship instead of taking one sent by Illyrio.  I thought it worked well.  I wish we could've gotten more of the dialogue with Kraznys that was in the book, especially when he was talking about showing her around Astapor for the night, but I guess it would've gotten old.  I do wish they'd managed to mention that Dany understood everything Kraznys was saying.And I agree with the above poster about Davos's make-up- it was awesome!If I remember correctly when Arya leaves Harrenhal....they seem to get lost and go in circles being that they don't know how to read the map to rivverun....but they somehow have to get Roose Bolton to Harrenhal so I guess Rob marching there is the only way .....Peter Dinklage and Charles Dance  just rocked that scene.....that was fantastic....
2946	Justin Danford	2013-04-01	is it just me or roose is way more likeable in the show, that whole talk he had with karstark in the episode about avenging his sons made me like him abit where in the book everytime he was mentioned he came off way more menacing and made me feel like this is a person robb should worry about.I think it just sets up Roose as strictly level headed.  In the book when he dines with Jamie he tells him how he believes Robb should bend the knee. It is the wisest and least deadly course of action. Rooise has no "passions" to him as a character. He follows Robb because it's his duty. He'll betray Robb because he'll see it as a better course of action for the North (and if for himself too, all the better). Bolton, imo, is a bit like Twyin: calculating and calm, with stern allegiance so long as it's self-serving. He can be brutal but it is a collected purposeful brutality that he likely see's as a duty of his in war. His house is the flayed man afterall. He seems to embody the "end justifies the means" mentality and it seems clear he is not a man of avarice, or evil, but a man with his eye ever set on the "ends".I may be off, but I think he truly means he wants justice for Karstarks sons. I just think he believes there is an entirely diffent way to get it. That or he has the best poker-face this side of Lady Gaga.Also, this episode reminded me how well cast Roose Bolton is. He is up there with Tywin and Tyrion as best cast charcters, imo.
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 01 April 2013 - 12:17 AM.
2947	Lady Lea	2013-04-01	Man they are really going for the 'harlot with a heart of gold' thing with Shae, eh? So messy.
2948	rystine	2013-04-01	Interesting observation that I never considered. Is the show attempting to make Joffrey more nuanced with the appearance of Marge? I'm not saying Joff won't still be the most hated character on TV, just that -- in keeping with everyone else -- David and Dan might be trying to tone it down a little bit before, well, you know.That's a good point.  They may be trying to add a little depth to him.  After all he's already done, and will do, plenty to keep him on top of the most hated list.  But villains with depth are usually much more interesting then pure bad guys, right?It also serves another purpose. Cersei has completely lost control of Joffrey. By showing that Marge has some modicum of influence on the way Joff conducts himself, it's another reason for Cersei to feel insecure. Here comes the beautiful Marge, the people love her, and she put the leash on Joff...something she was never able to do.Great point.  And not only could that drive a wedge between Cersei and Margaery, but perhaps Cersei and Tywin as well.  If Margaery can control Joffrey to an extent, Tywin may begin asking Cersei why she wasn't able to do the same thing.
2949	Lady Lea	2013-04-01	I think it just sets up Roose as strictly level headed.  In the book when he dines with Jamie he tells him how he believes Robb should bend the knee. It is the wisest and least deadly course of action. Rooise has no "passions" to him as a character. He follows Robb because it's his duty. He'll betray Robb because he'll see it as a better course of action for the North (and if for himself too, all the better). Bolton, imo, is a bit like Twyin: calculating and calm, with stern allegiance so long as it's self-serving. He can be brutal but it is a collected purposeful brutality that he likely see's as a duty of his in war. His house is the flayed man afterall. He seems to embody the "end justifies the means" mentality and it seems clear he is not a man of avarice, or evil, but a man with his eye ever set on the "ends".Well he is pretty evil imo, he is a rapist after all, and he doesn't care about the things Ramsay does even though he knows about them.
2950	Starkess	2013-04-01	Charles Dance rocks my socks off. I never really felt all that bad for Tyrion in the books, but watching it...wow, rough. I think they have made Tyrion much more sympathetic in the show.Overall, I liked it a lot. I didn't think it was all that slow, although maybe that was just the newness. I've been rewatching S2 all week and finding it pretty slow on re-watch, so just having a new episode was automatically a ton better. I like that they scrapped the Arstan plotline, don't think it would have really worked. I'm finding the Robb storyline a touch difficult to follow on the show. I can only imagine that it'd be much worse for a non-book reader. Or maybe I'm just bad at following TV shows (true).Looking forward to next week!Oh, and Margaery is totally adorable. I always liked her in the books, but it's hard to get an objective look at her since we mostly see her through Sansa's (adoring) eyes or Cersei's (poisoned) eyes. Nice to see her in the show being a clearly competent and savvy woman who happens to be cute as a freaking button.I noticed that Cersei tells Margery "when you are queen", so we are seeing the back scenes plotting of getting rid of Sansa that we never saw in the books, which is a nice touch.They already had the scene in the throne room where Joffrey accepts Margaery and sets Sansa aside.
					
					
							Edited by Starkess, 01 April 2013 - 12:21 AM.
2951	Montey14	2013-04-01	Even in the books...Jeoffrey starats to become more independent and wants to do things on his own ....this is also the season where Cersei begins to slip into paranoia ...especially with the Tyrells in the city and Jaime far away ....Dinklage/Dance scene was fantastic
2952	FacelessSnow	2013-04-01	Man they are really going for the 'harlot with a heart of gold' thing with Shae, eh? So messy.I was just thinking of this, my thoughts are that lets say GRRM plans on eventually having Tyrion find Tysha and D & D were like what if we have Shae never betray him and have Tyrion find her for better TV.  can't you see that final interaction between Tywin and Tyrion."where is Shae?""where ever whores go"I just can't see this Shae betraying Tyrion but I can see her trying ot help Tyrion but being forced to leave after PW.  Because tv audience just won't care about Tysha she was only mentioned briefly in Season 1.  I'm sure they'll even make something up for a new Jamie/Tyrion scene while he's leaving the cell.
2953	Triskan	2013-04-01	Oh, Bronn taunting Ser Maron was awesome.  Was that in the books?
2954	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	I enjoyed the episode, Thought it was a solid introduction for the new season. My favorite scene was either Davos getting picked up and his convo with Sall Saan or Tywin/Tyrions scene. Can't wait for next week.
2955	Lion of Judah	2013-04-01	Man they are really going for the 'harlot with a heart of gold' thing with Shae, eh? So messy.I think they are trying to make her a more sympathetic figure on the show.
2956	jlk7e	2013-04-01	Also, did Littlefinger confirm that he knew it was Arya at Harrenhal??Maybe, maybe not.  Remember last season he told Catelyn that Arya was safe and sound in King's Landing.  He may have recognized Arya, or he may just be lying to Sansa, and inadvertently saying something true.
2957	Starkess	2013-04-01	I just can't see this Shae betraying Tyrion but I can see her trying ot help Tyrion but being forced to leave after PW.  Because tv audience just won't care about Tysha she was only mentioned briefly in Season 1.  I'm sure they'll even make something up for a new Jamie/Tyrion scene while he's leaving the cell.Isn't that the whole point? That Tyrion has deluded himself about the nature of their relationship--just as he has with Bronn, who he thinks is a "friend"--and therefore is shocked that she is, in fact, a whore.Then again, Bronn hasn't kicked Tyrion to the curb yet so maybe they are going to go a different direction with that.ETA: Also, I have a hard time imagining them going through with a Tyrion-strangling-Shae plot no matter what. Killing Tywin? Yeah, doable. But Tyrion is the closest thing they've got to a likable protagonist, and him strangling his former lover is probably not going to go over well for a lot of viewers.
					
					
							Edited by Starkess, 01 April 2013 - 12:30 AM.
2958	DolorousKim	2013-04-01	Best scene hands down was the Tywin/Tyrion one, great stuff, a masterclass in acting by Mr Dance.Worst scene imo was the brothel scene with Bronn which was totally useless. Even the scene with Ros was better and that is saying something.I don't know that it was totally useless -- my husband got a T & A scene and I got a shirtless Jerome Flynn scene, so we were happy. But seriously, I think it all goes to show that Ser Bronn is indeed coming to expect the the finer things in life, and it sets the stage for what is going to happen later on.  Unless I'm recalling things incorrectly, this is more or less true to the book, except that in the book Pod pulls Bronn away from Chataya's where he was enjoying the company of two ladies instead of just one.
2959	crazibouncer	2013-04-01	Was not sure how I felt about the beginning scene with Sam, shouldn't Ghost be with or near Jon?  They kind of made Sam seem like an idiot/coward for not sending the ravens and I felt bad.
Ros & Shae...don't mind Shae that much but Ros bothers me.
As someone said before they saw Mance as an attractive older guy.  I feel the same way and I wish they had him singing but no problem.
Not really big problems for me though.  Loved the episode.  Tywin/Tyrion, Tormund, the Giant, Dany, Barristan, Margaery.  
Do you think they will have Mance's wife or no?
Anyone know what Tywin was writing?
2960	Triskan	2013-04-01	Oh, and while I missed Snow's explanation to Mance about being "the bastard" from the books, the alternative w/ Mormont and the WW was a passable alternative. 
And yeah, the giant looked great.
2961	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Maybe, maybe not.  Remember last season he told Catelyn that Arya was safe and sound in King's Landing.  He may have recognized Arya, or he may just be lying to Sansa, and inadvertently saying something true.This was my thought as well, but re-watching season 2 recently, LF definitely does a double (and then triple) take when he sees Arya at Harrenhall. His comment today confirms it in my mind. Typical LF that he recognizes her on the spot, but does not tell Tywin, keep ing the secret hoping for an opportunity to use it to his advantage!!
2962	Dma2282	2013-04-01	Where is Illyrio's presence? He sent Selmy and ships to Dany in Qarth, right? It seems they are cutting that out and having Dany fund her trip with the gold looted from Daxos.
2963	Joey Beers	2013-04-01	Overall, I enjoyed the episode. Just glad to have another outlet. Certain things did stand out to me, both good and bad. The opening scene was pretty weak and didn't Sam get the raven's off in the book? The giant looked pretty cool, but didn't fit the description in the book at all. Tywin and Tyrion's exchange was fantastic. Margery stopping for the orphans and the dinner scene were great, even though not in the book, it helped set up her as a political player. As a side note to a few comments above, did people not expect Valyrian or Ghiscari to be spoken on the show? What else would they do? Anyway solid start.
Whoops forgot to mention I expected Mance to be more playfully cunning and less serious than the portrayal.
					
					
							Edited by Joey Beers, 01 April 2013 - 12:36 AM.
2964	TheButcherCrow	2013-04-01	Was not sure how I felt about the beginning scene with Sam, shouldn't Ghost be with or near Jon?  They kind of made Sam seem like an idiot/coward for not sending the ravens and I felt bad.This was my only major issue with the ep, I hope they are setting Sam up & they make the slayer scene way more badass than it is in the books (think Bilbo saving Thorin).
2965	Dma2282	2013-04-01	Isn't that the whole point? That Tyrion has deluded himself about the nature of their relationship--just as he has with Bronn, who he thinks is a "friend"--and therefore is shocked that she is, in fact, a whore.Then again, Bronn hasn't kicked Tyrion to the curb yet so maybe they are going to go a different direction with that.ETA: Also, I have a hard time imagining them going through with a Tyrion-strangling-Shae plot no matter what. Killing Tywin? Yeah, doable. But Tyrion is the closest thing they've got to a likable protagonist, and him strangling his former lover is probably not going to go over well for a lot of viewers.Oh come on, it's great TV. It wasn't just that Shae was sleeping with Tywin and Tyrion was deluded, Shae was also one of his accusers during his trial. His strangling her will mark the first step of Tyrion toward open rebellion against the Lannisters, and will be a great jaw dropper, just as it was for readers.
2966	KuwabaraTheMan	2013-04-01	Where is Illyrio's presence? He sent Selmy and ships to Dany in Qarth, right? It seems they are cutting that out and having Dany fund her trip with the gold looted from Daxos.Well, he only showed up at the end of the episode. We could get a scene later on where Dany asks how he managed to track him down, and he mentions having help from Illyrio, so we could see something of that mentioned in the next couple of episodes, even if not all of the details are the same.
2967	Prince of Dragonstone	2013-04-01	Everything I wanted to say has been said upthread. The Tyrion + Tywin was masterfully done. Tyrion was an emotional punching bag and I winced several times. Poor Halfman. Margaery rocked as she grew into her role as "The People's Queen". The subsequent Royal Family dinner scene with the jealous and suspicious Cersei was great. Joffrey's little dig at his mother's aging was just the icing on the cake. 
One thing that really stood out to me was the amazing special effects with the giant! Drogon dramatically sweeping above Dany's ship was another SFX tour-de-force.
2968	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-01	I don't know why people were saying the episode was slow. It took it's time but I didn't think the pacing was a problem.A few sundry thoughts...Wow, Stannis got hotter. Love the scruff of mourning.Margaery is playing Joff like a fiddle. I love it. She's so adorably devious. Joff insulting his mother in front of her was so amusing.Watching Cersei want to tear Margaery's tongue out was awesome.Bronn calling the Kingsguard out on beating little girls was hilarious.Drogon is gorgeous.Why does the Unsullied armor (sans helmet) remind me of Fenris?The Qybern reveal was hilarious in a hideous way.Finally, the Lord Tywin we know and hate (well, sorta hate...Dance is too charismatic).
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 01 April 2013 - 12:39 AM.
2969	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-01	well there is her own wedding. besides, the actress stated in an interview that you will see sansa laugh this season. something must happen to make her happy.I'd assume that, as in the books, Margaery befriends Sansa and they spend time together, go hawking, arrange her supposed betrothal to Willas, make Sansa feel like she has a female friend again and hope for a decent marriage to a nice guy in beautiful Highgarden...
2970	juanml82	2013-04-01	I've missed the Battle of the Fist. I know they have to keep a budget, but they could have at least shown flashes of it. Come on, it has an undead bear!
I pictured the giants wouldn't be so human like, pity.
As for Mance, well I don't know if the softer Mance from the books would have worked here. And Jon's answer was way better than the books. The whole 'thousands of years ago the First Men fought against the White Walkers and defeated them' links to Jon (and the wildlings) badass heritage and makes sense. Claiming he's deserting because he's a bastard does not.
I actually liked the Shae & Ross scene - Ross pointing out Sansa's importance finally makes her character useful for something, even if it's just linking the North and King's Landing.
And Barristan, well, no way they can keep his identity hidden. OTOH, seeing him on TV really makes me doubt of his current combat prowess. He is over sixty after all.
2971	Triskan	2013-04-01	Good call, PhoenixFlame, on several counts, but specifically Qyburn...
2972	juanml82	2013-04-01	Oh, and when Tyrion has to get a small ladder to see he's on the other side of the door... He will need something like that later on.
2973	Lady Lea	2013-04-01	Isn't that the whole point? That Tyrion has deluded himself about the nature of their relationship--just as he has with Bronn, who he thinks is a "friend"--and therefore is shocked that she is, in fact, a whore.I don't think that is exactly the point because in the books Shae was very clear about who she was from the beginning so it was clear that Tyrion was deluding himself. But in the show she seems to really care about him and even about Sansa so it will just make no sense if there is a betrayal and it will look even worse when she dies... imo of courseI don't know that it was totally useless -- my husband got a T & A scene and I got a shirtless Jerome Flynn scene, so we were happy.I'm going to put 'shirtless jerome flynn' in the same column as 'naked pycelle' and 'naked hodor'. I mean seriously the only time we ever got a nice male body in this show was Khal Drogo's butt and the Renly / Loras scene.
2974	FacelessSnow	2013-04-01	Oh come on, it's great TV. It wasn't just that Shae was sleeping with Tywin and Tyrion was deluded, Shae was also one of his accusers during his trial. His strangling her will mark the first step of Tyrion toward open rebellion against the Lannisters, and will be a great jaw dropper, just as it was for readers.The thing is that they have gone so in depth with TV Shae that it would seem so out of character for her to betray Tyrion and sleep with Tywin for gold, especially after that lets run away and be poor together speech this episode.  Yes, Bronn is starting to show his real colors but Shae has been made to look sincere.  The audience would just be like wtf? If she just flipped.  In the books she's always distantly suspicious.  I really think they plan on replacing Tysha with Shae.
2975	The Eightieth Sentinel	2013-04-01	Did anyone notice the Walking Dead nod? I remember people writing about the final scene in season two could have been from the Walking Dead. They opened this season with a short 1 minute or so scene then the opening credits. I think they may have done it for the very first episode(S1E01), but just rewatching this episode, the beginning felt exactly like walking dead.
Stannis staring at Davos when he walked in was great. The Unsullied scene was perfect also. So much in this season, so much to look forward to!
2976	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	You know what I just realized was conspicuously missing from the episode? The book prologue which establishes there is dissent within the ranks of the night's watch and a plot to overthrow LC Mormont. Possible they are dropping that plot line entirely?
2977	Ramsay Gimp	2013-04-01	I think Stephen Dillane plays the beaten, moping Stannis to a T. Hopefully he does a little bit better with the purposeful, determined Stannis this season
2978	Starkess	2013-04-01	Oh come on, it's great TV. It wasn't just that Shae was sleeping with Tywin and Tyrion was deluded, Shae was also one of his accusers during his trial. His strangling her will mark the first step of Tyrion toward open rebellion against the Lannisters, and will be a great jaw dropper, just as it was for readers.I hope you're right!I don't think that is exactly the point because in the books Shae was very clear about who she was from the beginning so it was clear that Tyrion was deluding himself. But in the show she seems to really care about him and even about Sansa so it will just make no sense if there is a betrayal and it will look even worse when she dies... imo of courseI just don't think there's that big of a difference. I was just rewatching season 2 and Show!Shae is just as annoyed about not getting her jewels and shit. And Book!Shae put on a damn good show for Tyrion too. I think maybe they've made Show!Shae a bit sharper and less dim than Book!Shae, but if anything, that makes it more reasonable for her to jump from the sinking ship that is Tyrion after the PW.
2979	Triskan	2013-04-01	The guy who plays SS is fucking great.
2980	tito5601	2013-04-01	Also, is it just me or is Joffrey a bit more...mature in this episode? He actually seemed able to hold his own in intelligent conversation at that dinner trying to impress margaery but shes doesnt buy it for one second but still goes along with it to please him and i think cersie knows this
2981	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-01	Sallador's best line was (roughly) "You've drank at four of my weddings, and I don't ask you for favors."Joff's attitude around Margaery reminds me of several guys I know. They act tough, but give them someone who is passively commanding (smiling, subtle, apparently sweet) they have no clue what to do. Though Joff trying to be witty is a hilarious moment of fail. For stuff like the Mormont mutiny, I say give it time. People remember things better in writing. You can only expect an audience to absorb so many plot points at once.Watching sexier!Stannis is making me REALLY excited for his Big Damn Heroes moment at the end of SoS. If they keep the idea that Stannis is a warrior, I expect to be drooling as he charges in on a warhorse.But speaking of the Mannis, his expressions during the Davos scene were made of win. I loved how he had to physically distance himself when Davos was getting dragged off.
					
					
							Edited by PhoenixFlame, 01 April 2013 - 12:59 AM.
2982	Frumpus	2013-04-01	You know what I just realized was conspicuously missing from the episode? The book prologue which establishes there is dissent within the ranks of the night's watch and a plot to overthrow LC Mormont. Possible they are dropping that plot line entirely?Would you rather that have taken up 10-15 minutes of the hour, or would you rather they have the character development of the existing characters? That was easily an expendable scene.
2983	Triskan	2013-04-01	Watching sexier!Stannis is making me REALLY excited for his Big Damn Heroes moment in the North. If they keep the idea that Stannis is a warrior, I expect to be drooling as he charges in on a warhorse or something.Phew.  Everyone else sees it.
2984	tito5601	2013-04-01	I think it just sets up Roose as strictly level headed.  In the book when he dines with Jamie he tells him how he believes Robb should bend the knee. It is the wisest and least deadly course of action. Rooise has no "passions" to him as a character. He follows Robb because it's his duty. He'll betray Robb because he'll see it as a better course of action for the North (and if for himself too, all the better). Bolton, imo, is a bit like Twyin: calculating and calm, with stern allegiance so long as it's self-serving. He can be brutal but it is a collected purposeful brutality that he likely see's as a duty of his in war. His house is the flayed man afterall. He seems to embody the "end justifies the means" mentality and it seems clear he is not a man of avarice, or evil, but a man with his eye ever set on the "ends".I may be off, but I think he truly means he wants justice for Karstarks sons. I just think he believes there is an entirely diffent way to get it. That or he has the best poker-face this side of Lady Gaga.Also, this episode reminded me how well cast Roose Bolton is. He is up there with Tywin and Tyrion as best cast charcters, imo.  very well cast i hope he gets a bigger part this season because my friends dont read the books and everytime i mention him they have no idea who im talking about
2985	DolorousKim	2013-04-01	I'm going to put 'shirtless jerome flynn' in the same column as 'naked pycelle' and 'naked hodor'. I mean seriously the only time we ever got a nice male body in this show was Khal Drogo's butt and the Renly / Loras scene.Ouch, Pycelle and Hodor???  Surely Bronn's a few columns above that!  See, I think that for a 50-year old, Mr. Flynn's got a pretty smokin' body, but I am a fairly old chick after all.
2986	Lady Lea	2013-04-01	Ouch, Pycelle and Hodor???  Surely Bronn's a few columns above that!  See, I think that for a 50-year old, Mr. Flynn's got a pretty smokin' body, but I am a fairly old chick after all.I'm not into older dudes (that would be creepy because of my age) but I would prefer Dillane or Dance over Flynn if we are talking hypotheticals here /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> like seriously they've got it goin on
2987	DolorousKim	2013-04-01	I'm not into older dudes (that would be creepy because of my age) but I would prefer Dillane or Dance over Flynn if we are talking hypotheticals here /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> like seriously they've got it goin onWell, I wouldn't exactly complain about Dillane with less clothes either.... So we have that much in common. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
2988	danm_999	2013-04-01	I was disappointed to lose the mention of Mance being at Winterfell (I suppose they could still add that) and Jon mentioning his "real reason" for turning cloak.Yeah, but if you look at Jon's scene this episode, it has to establish the Wildling camp, the giants, Tormund, and introduce Mance. It's almost too long as it is, so giving us all Mance's backstory, including the reveal he was at Winterfell, is something I'm guessing will be in future episodes, and Jon's bitterness about being a bastard will come in then and serve to mystify viewers about whether or not he's really turned his cloak.In the book there really isn't a doubt as we get Jon's monologue, in the TV show it's going to be an opportunity to set up the central conflict for Jon's arc this season.
2989	Frumpus	2013-04-01	I didn't realize who Qyburn was until reading these posts. Really, the old guy at Harrenhall? I guess his role is going to be completely different from the books. Or he magically bumps into Jaime later on and accompanies him to king's landing.
2990	Triskan	2013-04-01	I didn't realize who Qyburn was until reading these posts. Really, the old guy at Harrenhall? I guess his role is going to be completely different from the books. Or he magically bumps into Jaime later on and accompanies him to king's landing.I do believe that he shows up in Harrenhall though, so this isn't really too out of nowhere.  But Robb Stark never went to Harrenhall even if Bolton did, right?
2991	Justin Danford	2013-04-01	And Jon's answer was way better than the books. The whole 'thousands of years ago the First Men fought against the White Walkers and defeated them' links to Jon (and the wildlings) badass heritage and makes sense. Claiming he's deserting because he's a bastard does not.I agree it's a good answer, and it makes more sense for the show the way they need to set up the larger high fantasy and Jon's snow potential high part in that, but I do not think it is a better answer than the books. The whole "do you know what they think of bastards below the wall" sentiment is a very powerful feeling and part of Jonh's snow characterzation later when he must consider Stannis's offer. You know in the book when Jon says this to Mance he isn't lying, there is truth to  how he feels, it aids in defining his struggle to remain loyal to the KW, and it's the reason Mance takes him.The TV answer does the same thing in regards to Jon answering truthfully about something higher he feels passionate about, but it fails in further setting up the temptation he'll feel to stay with Mance, and the decision he'll make to overcome that and stick to his oath (as best he can at that point).
					
					
							Edited by Justin Danford, 01 April 2013 - 01:21 AM.
2992	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	You know what I just realized was conspicuously missing from the episode? The book prologue which establishes there is dissent within the ranks of the night's watch and a plot to overthrow LC Mormont. Possible they are dropping that plot line entirely?Highly doubtful they are dropping this plot line. I think it's just something that doesn't really require it's own scene; things are clearly going bad for the NW, and when the mutiny occurs I don't think new viewers will see it as coming out of nowhere.Just to add; as soon as that "maester" was revealed to be alive at Harrenhal, I thought it would be Qyburn. So they're at least keeping one of the Brave Companion members the same; wonder if they'll also reintroduce Rorge and Biter. I would think so, or else what would be the point of casting those two last season, as they didn't do weasel soup.
2993	Frumpus	2013-04-01	If there is a mutiny among the watch later on in the season, it'll probably be absolutely nothing like what happened in the books. For one, none of the characters are there - they are all played by extras. So if there's a mutiny, it'll be a very generic one.
Who knows how Mormont will die, but I find it very unlikely that he'll have the exact same fate as he did in the book.
2994	Justin Danford	2013-04-01	"Since I can't prove that you are not mine." - Tywin to TyrionThat little line isn't in the book is it? I don't recall it, and it seems to me like a little nod toward the A+J =T, if not just fanning the flames of a red herring. I don't  remember Twyin ever voicing any suspiscion that Tyrion isn't his other than wishing his son wasn't a dwarf, and being ashamed that he was. This little scene is the first I know where Tywin suggests he has doubts of actual blood between him and Tyrion.
2995	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	"Since I can't prove that you are not mine." - Tywin to TyrionThat little line isn't in the book is it? Yes it is.
2996	Khal Porno	2013-04-01	Worst scene imo was the brothel scene with Bronn which was totally useless.Seriously?  I thought that was hilarious, and I saw it in a movie theater and most of the rest of the audience seemed to enjoy it as well.  In fact, that "I'm going to murder you, boy!" line got the biggest laugh of any of the jokes in the episode, that I could remember.Also, watching this show in a theater with an audience of fans is a tremendous amount of fun.  I wish I could watch every episode this way.
2997	Mark Antony	2013-04-01	Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors, since I cannot prove that you are not mine
2998	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-01	Quite pleased with it. I don't think anything could have lived up to how highly I had it hyped in my mind, but it was quite good. I think they had way too much to get through, with too little time. I hope future episodes will be better paced.
Sam: The beginning was a bit annoying. And when the did the show establish that Sam was to take care of the ravens? And where did all the NW come from? I thought that was all relatively poorly done.
Jon: I thought Kit's dialogue was strange. His voice sounded different. Tormund was fucking amazing. Mance and Ygritte were solid. The scenes with them walking through the wildling camp were very good. The Giant was awesome.
Robb: Too fast paced. Introduction of Qyburn was interesting, at least. Good to see Roose getting more time on screen in preparation for You-Know-What. And the Karstack guy too.
Marg/Joff: Awesome. All there is to it. Marg was amazing, and their scene with Loras and Cersei later on was superb, especially with Joffrey being less of a cunt than usual and taking shots at Cersei. I like how they're establishing that Marg is going to be the hero of the common people. Ready for Cersei to take her down later on.
Tyrion: I was slightly let down by most of his scenes. Although, the one with Tywin was superb.
Dany: Most of this was brilliant. The Unsullied were great, the dragon(s?) were great, the slaver was great, Barristan was great. I'm not concerned by his early introduction. I just hope they give Emilia some decent scenes to show off her own acting rather than merely having Dany as the glue around which all the interesting things are held together.
Sansa: Yeah, not bad.
2999	irishking44	2013-04-01	If there is a mutiny among the watch later on in the season, it'll probably be absolutely nothing like what happened in the books. For one, none of the characters are there - they are all played by extras. So if there's a mutiny, it'll be a very generic one.Who knows how Mormont will die, but I find it very unlikely that he'll have the exact same fate as he did in the book.Grenn and Dalores Edd are still there
3000	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	If there is a mutiny among the watch later on in the season, it'll probably be absolutely nothing like what happened in the books. For one, none of the characters are there - they are all played by extras. So if there's a mutiny, it'll be a very generic one.Who knows how Mormont will die, but I find it very unlikely that he'll have the exact same fate as he did in the book.To be fair, they weren't really that developed in teh book either (I assume by "none of the characters are there" you're referring to the mutineers). In fact, I can't even remember a single one's name besides Chett, and I'm pretty sure he dies before the mutiny. Spending time developing the mutiny is probably unnecessary, at least so far as devoting a whole scene to it.
3001	Words of Winter	2013-04-01	Was Joffrey getting high in the carriage?No, in Europe, nobles would perfume a cloth and then hold it under their noses to cover the stentch from the sewage on the streets.  That is what I think he is doing here.
3002	Watcher_inthe_Woods	2013-04-01	Very nice episode.But, hey, was the episode dedicated for who? I mean the "In Memoriam" in the credits.The actor that plays Ser Ilyn Payne is Wilko Johnson....and is still alive /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I think the in memoriam was for someone on the production team
3003	Rubberburner	2013-04-01	i honestly can't  believe this hasn't been posted yet..
overall i liked this episode but.. i did have one major problem with it. the continual bastardization of Littlefinger's character bothers me to no end. one of the most shocking reveals in the entire book series was finding out he (and the queen of thornes) was responsible for joffrey's murder and sansa's escape from king's landing. her fear and suspicion of not knowing whether her correspondence could be a trap made it all the more intriguing. i understand the possibility that dontos will be minimized or left out entirely regarding her escape, but for littlefinger to just come out and say 'i will take you home' was just the opposite of what the 'real' LF would ever do regarding his various plans/ intrigues.
they did the same thing in the premiere episode in season 2... by having him directly insult the queen in front of her guards, which is just something that littlefinger would simply under no circumstances ever do. littlefinger is first and foremost, a snake. he plays his own games very subtlety that even the cunning tyrion lannister is unable to decipher his motivations for wanting a castle such as harrenhal, etc etc. in the show this character is much more in your face, confrontational, than the actual behind the scenes schemer LF actually is. 
i understand they have to get airtime for both LF and sansa... but this is one of the biggest reveals in the entire book and right out of the gate it is just explained to us that littlefinger is working on her escape. i don't think this adds anything to the story-  in fact takes away from the intrigue and mystery. bottom line, i just don't think the littlefinger from the books is well represented on this show and it's been apparent for some time now, i don't see him as someone who would risk his neck by mentioning his various plots/intentions publicly. he would operate via proxy and be a secret benefactor to sansa, as he is in the books and it makes sense.. as opposed to the show which makes him appear much less careful..reckless even. 
also, if he knew about arya, why would he let her escape? especially when he was asked specifically by the lannisters to locate her. if this had actually happened in the books, he would have either turned her in to the lannisters to gain favor or attempted to smuggle her back to Cat, or kidnapped her himself to be used in some larger political play.. what he would not have done, is ignore it, especially when any of the alternatives lead to his direct benefit or to the one he loves...it just makes no sense at all.
3004	SerWest	2013-04-01	I just can't wait to see Iwan Rheon...
Reek, Reek, it rhymes with freak....
3005	Justin Danford	2013-04-01	i honestly can't  believe this hasn't been posted yet..overall i liked this episode but.. i did have one major problem with it. the continual bastardization of Littlefinger's character bothers me to no end. one of the most shocking reveals in the entire book series was finding out he (and the queen of thornes) was responsible for joffrey's murder and sansa's escape from king's landing. her fear and suspicion of not knowing whether her correspondence could be a trap made it all the more intriguing. i understand the possibility that dontos will be minimized or left out entirely regarding her escape, but for littlefinger to just come out and say 'i will take you home' was just the opposite of what the 'real' LF would ever do regarding his various plans/ intrigues.strongly agree, finding out he was behind Dontos and was orchestrating a huge plan was very very rewarding... and now trashed by the show
3006	greatgeek	2013-04-01	I didn't realize who Qyburn was until reading these posts. Really, the old guy at Harrenhall? I guess his role is going to be completely different from the books. Or he magically bumps into Jaime later on and accompanies him to king's landing.IIRC they meet at Harrenhall.
3007	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	Yeah, I did enjoy most of the episode and like where most of it is headed, but you're right about Littlefinger.
The reveal that he was behind Ser Dontos the entire time was a shocker, especially since he was gone for a good deal of the book and then re-appears. I'm not sure why they've decided to abandon this reveal and just have him spell it out to her and take away the surprise. Part of it has to be because they didn't use Ser Dontos at all in season 2 really adn backed themselves into a corner, but still, they could have come up with something better. And Littlefinger is such an obvious sleazeball on the show I doubt anyone believes he intends to take Sansa home, whereas in the books I actually did believe Ser Dontos--George kept the interactions going between Dontos and Sansa for practically a book and a half.
3008	tito5601	2013-04-01	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=s01ly_pb6n8 i know promos dont always tell the whole story but if anyone thought the premiere was slow paced i dont think itll stay that way for long /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
3009	winterstood	2013-04-01	strongly agree, finding out he was behind Dontos and was orchestrating a huge plan was very very rewarding... and now trashed by the showI blame HBO. If they had fully committed to the vision - contractually - with MONEY - 15 episodes a season and many, many millions of dollars more an episode. The writers/producers would've had the luxury of being able to more closely follow the book. HBO grosses half a billion a month - it's gross that they won't commit a hundred million+ a year to true art like GOT.
3010	Godfrey	2013-04-01	What do you think would of happened between Ser Bronn and Ser Meryn and whoever the other kingsguard was? boros blunt?
Bronn might be a good sellsword but trying to kill 2 armored kinguards?
Good episode in my opnion though.
If Tyrion isn't the heir to Casterly Rock who would be the heir after Tywin dies? since Jaime is in the kingsguard and Cersei is the queen.
3011	Rubberburner	2013-04-01	i dunno, it just really bothers me that they have basically taken the character most singularly responsible for the chaos and turmoil of Westeros throughout the books, prominently featured him, made his motivations much easier to understand and in many ways seem nonsensical. this is a dangerous man... and he just doesn't come off that way in the show.
i mean just seeing the scheming tyrion and cersei battle each other to see who can better bribe the Kettleblacks only for it to be later revealed that they are in littlefinger's employ.. it just makes him all the more cunning and dangerous and i just think the show has failed in a major way to capture that...and continues to do so.
3012	Golden Lion	2013-04-01	Yeah, I did enjoy most of the episode and like where most of it is headed, but you're right about Littlefinger.The reveal that he was behind Ser Dontos the entire time was a shocker, especially since he was gone for a good deal of the book and then re-appears. I'm not sure why they've decided to abandon this reveal and just have him spell it out to her and take away the surprise. Part of it has to be because they didn't use Ser Dontos at all in season 2 really adn backed themselves into a corner, but still, they could have come up with something better. And Littlefinger is such an obvious sleazeball on the show I doubt anyone believes he intends to take Sansa home, whereas in the books I actually did believe Ser Dontos--George kept the interactions going between Dontos and Sansa for practically a book and a half.Well I imagine they need to give the actor something to do. Why farm out a role for Dontos when LF could just do it? Not to mention teleporting LF from last season works a lot better to convince sansa. it's just one of the many things that work in the book but not on screen, like barristan's disguise. I have this nagging feeling that Tywin is going to hang shae instead of sleep with her, because of how show!shae is, and they'll set this up as the motivation for killing Tywin.
3013	Golden Lion	2013-04-01	If Tyrion isn't the heir to Casterly Rock who would be the heir after Tywin dies? since Jaime is in the kingsguard and Cersei is the queen.Kevan, Tywin's brother.
					
					
							Edited by Golden Lion, 01 April 2013 - 02:20 AM.
3014	TomBadgerlock	2013-04-01	I loved the discussion between Tyrion and Bronn.
"I'm a sell sword. I sell my sword. I don't lone it out to friends as a favour"
"How much?"
"Double"
"Double!"
"I'm a knight now, knights are worth double"
"I don't even know how much I'm paying you now"
"Which means you can afford it".
Fantastic!
3015	Golden Lion	2013-04-01	What do you think would of happened between Ser Bronn and Ser Meryn and whoever the other kingsguard was? boros blunt?Bronn might be a good sellsword but trying to kill 2 armored kinguards?Why not? He killed an armoured knight in the Eyrie and the current kingsguard aren't at a top fighting level because most of them are there for their allegiances to various people rather than their fighting skills. I mean Pod killed one of them for god sake.
3016	sillent	2013-04-01	Oh god, I really hope you're wrong about Tywin hanging Shae instead of Tyrion. That would be horribleeee, would kill the complexity in that scene that was so brilliant. 
Loved how the Sansa & Shae scene was a nod to GRRM and how he would sit by the docks and come up with stories about where each ship was coming from and where it was going as child.
3017	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-01	Well I imagine they need to give the actor something to do. Why farm out a role for Dontos when LF could just do it? Not to mention teleporting LF from last season works a lot better to convince sansa. it's just one of the many things that work in the book but not on screen, like barristan's disguise.I have this nagging feeling that Tywin is going to hang shae instead of sleep with her, because of how show!shae is, and they'll set this up as the motivation for killing Tywin.I don't know, I feel like they've already given Littlefinger more than enough to do, especially last season. He was practically in every episode; out of all the non-POV characters, I think he's the one who should actually have less screen time than he's given. Still, aside from that, my main problem is that it ruins the big reveal that Littlefinger was behind gettign Sansa out of King's Landing all along (a plot thread developed all the way back in mid to early ACOK). Since they've excluded Ser Dontos I guess this makes sense and I only have a problem with it since I've read the books, but to me it's still disappointing.Regarding Tywin, I hope they don't go that route, though it's possible. Tyrion finding the truth out about Tysha is more than enough motivation, unless they also change this part; either way, we probably won't find out until 2014.
3018	BlackTalon	2013-04-01	at least there seems to be an improvement in the quality of the whores.Indeed /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />  Bronn has got taste ... was that the actress announced as Pixie le Knot?And Misssandei, wow ...
3019	Golden Lion	2013-04-01	I don't know, I feel like they've already given Littlefinger more than enough to do, especially last season. He was practically in every episode; out of all the non-POV characters, I think he's the one who should actually have less screen time than he's given. Still, aside from that, my main problem is that it ruins the big reveal that Littlefinger was behind gettign Sansa out of King's Landing all along (a plot thread developed all the way back in mid to early ACOK). Since they've excluded Ser Dontos I guess this makes sense and I only have a problem with it since I've read the books, but to me it's still disappointing.Regarding Tywin, I hope they don't go that route, though it's possible. Tyrion finding the truth out about Tysha is more than enough motivation, unless they also change this part; either way, we probably won't find out until 2014.I know but they have actors who need things to do, and you can't follow the books properly because the books mismanage characters like crazy. The show can't do that, if they follow the books and just have characters vanish for a season or two (especially actors who are very capable of getting other work) then they'll lose the actor and end up having to recast.I think they should have replaced the scene with LF & Sansa to Ros and Sansa though, because at the end of last season we know Ros is working for Varys, so the audience would be guessing if it's LF or Varys trying to get Sansa from KL. Would still have some slight mystery to it as opposed to just flat out making it LF. But he needs scenes to be in so :shrug:
3020	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-01	What language was the slaver speaking? Don't have my book on hand so I can't remember. I love it when writers/producers make up an entire language.
3021	Horus Ex Machina	2013-04-01	What language was the slaver speaking? Don't have my book on hand so I can't remember. I love it when writers/producers make up an entire language.Also: was that VALYRIAN that Grazdan was speaking??? Awesome!!!According to DP, that was the Astapori dialect of Valyrian being spoken.  I liked it alot.  Geeking much!  Sounded a bit French-like at times to me.  I was happy when I found out that it was included back in November.  Daenarys will speak Free Cities dialect when she reveals that she knows the language.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=lHfyW1EfiiwKevan, Tywin's brother.And eventually Lancel after him.
					
					
							Edited by Horus Bergeron, 01 April 2013 - 02:33 AM.
3022	danm_999	2013-04-01	I blame HBO. If they had fully committed to the vision - contractually - with MONEY - 15 episodes a season and many, many millions of dollars more an episode. The writers/producers would've had the luxury of being able to more closely follow the book. HBO grosses half a billion a month - it's gross that they won't commit a hundred million+ a year to true art like GOT.It's not really an issue of resources, it's an issue of medium. In the case of Littlefinger, he just isn't physically present in the books very much; he's talked about far more than he is seen to act by our POVs. People think about Littlefinger in the books and he causes trouble behind the scenes through intense manipulation.This doesn't really work for TV. Without voiceovers, which I think would be terrible, we have to be shown why Littlefinger is dangerous and manipulative, which means you have to show him doing things.  Because while I agree that as a book reader, it's dissapointing that there's not going to be a Ser Dontos reveal, having Littlefinger info dump that he's behind absolutely everything in the past three books in one scene like he does in ASoS just ain't gonna work on TV.
3023	Ser Farbod	2013-04-01	i dunno, it just really bothers me that they have basically taken the character most singularly responsible for the chaos and turmoil of Westeros throughout the books, prominently featured him, made his motivations much easier to understand and in many ways seem nonsensical. this is a dangerous man... and he just doesn't come off that way in the show.i mean just seeing the scheming tyrion and cersei battle each other to see who can better bribe the Kettleblacks only for it to be later revealed that they are in littlefinger's employ.. it just makes him all the more cunning and dangerous and i just think the show has failed in a major way to capture that...and continues to do so.Would be almost impossible to do without giving him an obscene amount of screen time.  A lot of story lines have been cut because of the sheer amount of time they would need to be done correctly on screen.
3024	Khal Porno	2013-04-01	strongly agree, finding out he was behind Dontos and was orchestrating a huge plan was very very rewarding... and now trashed by the showYes, the show has trashed it.  You will never again be able to read and enjoy that storyline in the novel, because it is not in the show.
3025	TheEvilKing	2013-04-01	I liked how they subtly hinted at a couple of things we suspected from last season (Joff knows about his father, LF knows about Arya).
That little girl assassin was totally a merling.
3026	winterstood	2013-04-01	It's not really an issue of resources, it's an issue of medium. In the case of Littlefinger, he just isn't physically present in the books very much; he's talked about far more than he is seen to act by our POVs. People think about Littlefinger in the books and he causes trouble behind the scenes through intense manipulation.This doesn't really work for TV. Without voiceovers, which I think would be terrible, we have to be shown why Littlefinger is dangerous and manipulative, which means you have to show him doing things.  Because while I agree that as a book reader, it's dissapointing that there's not going to be a Ser Dontos reveal, having Littlefinger info dump that he's behind absolutely everything in the past three books in one scene like he does in ASoS just ain't gonna work on TV.hmmm...you're right about a giant info dump not working. lol. i can see it now. aaron gillen talking to sansa over a series of vaseline fade-away flashbacks revealing that he was "behind it all!!!!" [Vincent Price Laugh: MWUUAHAHAHAHAHAAH!]yeahhh....that wouldn't work.but I still reaffirm my point about resources and time. look what we've missed. they had to cut out basically ALL of Robert's Rebellion from season 1 - a precursor that has, as you know, extremely significant ramifications throughout the series. Then they cut out details of the battle of The Fist - again, most likely due to budgetary and time constraints. What are they going to do with Daenerys going from Qarth to Astapor to Mereen - probably have to skip over 75% of it - smh! What about when Dorne comes more fully into the picture and all of those sub-plots?  -There's just too much info in the books and you need time & money to do it justice. and to pay all these great actors so that they stay. You have people like Lena Headey who were already movie stars. You're asking them to give up 5-7 years of their life - you have to PAY them. Properly.
3027	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	We still don't know how the Sansa's storyline will be approached. Maybe - and I'm speculating just from the top of my head - they have Shae helping her out and then, she's killed because of that. That would be unexpected and shocking. Not everything should be like the book, even those of us who read them want to be surprised sometimes.
3028	Pinkie Baelish	2013-04-01	I did like how most of the characters were still talking about the Battle of the Blackwater. It really does highlight the scope and effect of the battle.
3029	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-01	I wanted to see them giving some important characters like Catelyn more screen-time, but they decide to give more time to characters like Bronn, or Ros. I know thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s how it was in the first two seasons, but I still cant get over how they are given just too much attention.
As for the episode I liked it. And how they revealed Ser Barristan was fine considering they needed to add more excitement to the first episode.
3030	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Would you rather that have taken up 10-15 minutes of the hour, or would you rather they have the character development of the existing characters? That was easily an expendable scene. No argument it was expendable.... it just caught my attention, because Season 1 began with the Book 1 Prologue, and Season 2 began with the Book 2 Prologue, so I was a little surprised Season 3 did NOT start with the Book 3 Prologue.
3031	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	No argument it was expendable.... it just caught my attention, because Season 1 began with the Book 1 Prologue, and Season 2 began with the Book 2 Prologue, so I was a little surprised Season 3 did NOT start with the Book 3 Prologue.I think they covered the book 3 prologue at the end of last season (more or less, we heard the 3 blasts and saw the WW).
3032	Crown	2013-04-01	No argument it was expendable.... it just caught my attention, because Season 1 began with the Book 1 Prologue, and Season 2 began with the Book 2 Prologue, so I was a little surprised Season 3 did NOT start with the Book 3 Prologue.Season 2 did not start with the prologue, it started with Joffrey's nameday and Tyrion arriving at King's Landing. The prologue scene appears later in the episode.
3033	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	Season 2 did not start with the prologue, it started with Joffrey's nameday and Tyrion arriving at King's Landing. The prologue scene appears later in the episode.I think he meant that we saw the prologue in one of the first episodes...not that is necessarily opened with the Prologue...
3034	Crown	2013-04-01	I think he meant that we saw the prologue in one of the first episodes...not that is necessarily opened with the Prologue...Yeah, but the season 3 prologue was basically shown at the end of season 2, and the murder plot isn't really necessary for tv it'll only overcomplicate the things.
3035	Dragon of Valyria	2013-04-01	According to DP, that was the Astapori dialect of Valyrian being spoken.  I liked it alot.  Geeking much!  Sounded a bit French-like at times to me.  I was happy when I found out that it was included back in November.  Daenarys will speak Free Cities dialect when she reveals that she knows the language.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=lHfyW1EfiiwWill have to watch that video later, but really? Daenerys will be using the Free Cities dialect? So that means we'll have at least three varieties of Valyrian, no? Because he mentioned in that CNN article that he used High Valyrian to create the Astapori dialect, and that we'd see it. Since the Free Cities also use a bastardized Valyrian, it's gotta be a third one. Fascinating -- I've always wanted to hear what the "liquid accents" of the Free Cities sound like. Yeah -- this is by far my favorite thing about the season so far. I loved how scratchy and growly and almost angry the Astapori variant sounded, so I'm super excited to hear High Valyrian and Free Cities Valyrian and to hear how the accents and vocabulary/grammar differ.Language nerds. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3036	Er Rn	2013-04-01	I loved the costumes. The shades of blue on Dany and Marg were beautiful. Much better than the Qartheen clothing Dany wore last season.
The scene between Tyrion and Cersei felt a little flat to me. But the scene between Tyrion and Tywin was great. Davos was perfect. And wow, they have really aged Stannis.
3037	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	What do you think would of happened between Ser Bronn and Ser Meryn and whoever the other kingsguard was? boros blunt?Bronn might be a good sellsword but trying to kill 2 armored kinguards?If Syrio Forel couldn't defeat Ser Meryn (wooden sword or no) then Bronn doesn't have a snowball's chance in hell.
3038	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-01	I dont mean to sound like Im nagging, but what was the point of making Missandei older. I understand why it had to be done for Dany, and the other characters, but does it really affect the story if Missandeis age remained the same? Or am I just missing something?
3039	Tourniquet	2013-04-01	Yeah, but the season 3 prologue was basically shown at the end of season 2, and the murder plot isn't really necessary for tv it'll only overcomplicate the things.Agreed.
3040	Er Rn	2013-04-01	I dont mean to sound like Im nagging, but what was the point of making Missandei older. I understand why it had to be done for Dany, and the other characters, but does it really affect the story if Missandeis age remained the same? Or am I just missing something?I'm pretty sure they aged her up so she can take Irri's place in Dany's...experimentation.
3041	StarkTagaryen	2013-04-01	Watching Tywin deliver that speech to Tyrion was even more hurtful than reading it.  Tywin is an asshole.I started to tear up that was painful to listen to /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
3042	Little Wing	2013-04-01	Enjoyed this episode! Especially Davos scenes, Tywin/Tyrion scene (omg!) and Dany scenes, which doesn't happen to me often....  There are nitpicks, but I'm not bothered. Worried for the Robb/Cat storyline though (no surprise there...)
3043	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	WinterisComing.net just retweeted that the premiere episode was the most watched episode of GoT so far: 4.4 million in the first hour, 6.7 combined over the first three repeats.
3044	Nudu	2013-04-01	I think Roose meant taking dead northmen's revenge from Robb, not Lannisters. It was great i think.
3045	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-01	Love those dragons.  Couldn't figure why they put Ghost where he didn't belong.  Astopor looked great.  I can understand why they didn't go through the Ser Barriston Selmy  disguise in the book, so that didn't bother me.  All in all, a good episode.  (It must have been.  I watched it four times.)  Now, I'll post before the board crashes, again.
3046	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	I really liked the episode.
The Tywin/Tyrion scene was quite tense. And intense for the both of them. Of course, Davos/Stannis was great, too.
I also loved the dragons' scene.
Winterfell in ruins in the opening sequence - I was surprised that the creators even adapted this for the sequence.
3047	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	But it was funny how he did not know what to do when Margaery went to the orphanage...I thought it was a brilliant comparison to have Cersei mention how she and Joffrey got attacked last season with an armed guard, yet Margaery can just stroll through the streets unguarded.  It was a brilliant decision to bring that back to the minds of the viewers.
3048	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	I thought it was a brilliant comparison to have Cersei mention how she and Joffrey got attacked last season with an armed guard, yet Margaery can just stroll through the streets unguarded.  It was a brilliant decision to bring that back to the minds of the viewers.Oh, yes. You're absolutely right. And I missed mentioning the dinner scene. So much what wasn't said, but hinted at. Joff's no diplomat. <lol>
3049	Silverx2	2013-04-01	If Syrio Forel couldn't defeat Ser Meryn (wooden sword or no) then Bronn doesn't have a snowball's chance in hell.I think you may be mistaken here. Bronn knows the 2 KG members, in the books there is a scene where bronn is describing how capable some of the fighters are after having watched them spar, so its obvious that bronn is aware of the fighting ability of the two in front of him, He even says as much "two men in fancy armor, better at beating up young girls then fighting men". I think something that cant be understated is that Bronn at the range he was at with a long dagger would be much more lethal then either KG member with a full sword. Between the angles with which he can attack the unarmored portions as well as the speed from light armor and a smaller weapon i have no doubt bronn would have made very short work of those two.
					
					
							Edited by Silverx2, 01 April 2013 - 12:52 PM.
3050	WinterKing	2013-04-01	I can't wait to see the Twins in the opening sequence and the destroyed Winterfell was awesome.
3051	thorny throne	2013-04-01	Haven't read the whole thing (too afraid site will crash again) - but - what on earth are they going to do with Shae later when the book calls for her to betray Tyrion and sleep with Tywin? I mean, book Shae was an 18 y/o slut whom we never believed loved Tyrion for anything else for his money, and def didn't care about Sansa as she so clearly does on the show.
For her to betray Tyrion for money wouldn't make sense anymore. So I'm thinking either she'll sleep with Tywin to protect Tyrion or to get information for him, and have it misinterpreted by Tyrion.
3052	Loras	2013-04-01	I thought it was a brilliant comparison to have Cersei mention how she and Joffrey got attacked last season with an armed guard, yet Margaery can just stroll through the streets unguarded.  It was a brilliant decision to bring that back to the minds of the viewers.I totally agree, almost everything said during that dinner scene had some kind of barb attached to it.  Poor wee Loras looked completely out of his depth!
3053	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	Margaery was definitely the lead in the dinner scene.
3054	The Red Maester	2013-04-01	Strong Belwas:  In Memoriam
-  You made perhaps the best fighter in Westeros your squire
-  To you, the terrifying Dothraki are merely "horse boys"
-  You withstood the mounted charge of the Meereenese champion, quickly dispatched him, and decided the next most appropriate step was to shit on the battlefield.
-  You ate a bowlful of poisoned locusts.  Sure you got sick and lost some weight, but no locust can defeat Strong Belwas.
Strong Belwas you will be missed.  I do hope D&D ate liver and onions after writing this episode.
3055	Burford11	2013-04-01	If the purists are upset by this then I'll laugh. Nout wrong with this change.I agree, I grinned very hard when he said that. It just shows you can never put Littlefinger on one side or the other..
3056	Loras	2013-04-01	Margaery was definitely the lead in the dinner scene.I thought that my girl Cersei totally held her own.  I wish she had done a AFFC and thrown the content of her wine cup at her son.
3057	Burford11	2013-04-01	The dinner scene was so awkward 
I. Loved. It.
3058	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	I thought that my girl Cersei totally held her own.  I wish she had done a AFFC and thrown the content of her wine cup at her son.But she didn't. Her son just didn't know how to make conversation.The dinner scene was so awkwardI. Loved. It.Me too. So very intense.
					
					
							Edited by Lord_Tyrion, 01 April 2013 - 12:58 PM.
3059	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	Do people think we'll see Loras become a member of the Kingsguard still this season?  I certainly hope we do.
3060	JJB	2013-04-01	Now I want to cry. A Storm of Swords was such a GREAT book. Best book in the series by far. The show disappoints a LOT with so many changes. I was expecting something else. I was expecting at least the key points from the books to be made in an exact mode or closer. 
Sam is a very important character in the books. He was supposed to kill the creature with the dragonglass not GHOST. Wth? 
Mance didnt mention the bastard story. Why?
Charles Dance is a great actor but not for Tywin. And the scene was not as powerful as the one from the book. Where is Tywin's NEVER? In the books he is so angered by Tyrion's request while in the show is calm and says everything in a robotic way. Tyrion was supposed to be HIDEOUS. With a horror scar and no nose. Peter is good looking either way.
Where are Jaime and Brienne?  Arya?
Didnt like the Small Council scene. Also Margaery scenes were ODD. Cersei is telling her things that were not in the book. At least NOT in this one. Joffrey is not intelligent, wise, mature. He is supposed to be a sadic, cocky, spoiled brat.
Davos scenes were close to the book. Probably the only thing I liked.
Sansa and Shae are not friends. Why they act like they are in the show? Also, Shae isnt that nice in the books.
Daenerys is acting too mature and wise.  Selmy and Jorah acted like they know each other TOO soon.
Now my question is: Why these books have to be butchered like that? HBO is a shame. No more comments.
3061	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	Now my question is: Why these books have to be butchered like that? HBO is a shame. No more comments.If you think HBO is a shame, you'd probably murder if anyone else besides HBO made the show.  HBO is going to do the best job anyone would do.
3062	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	If you think HBO is a shame, you'd probably murder if anyone else besides HBO made the show.  HBO is going to do the best job anyone would do. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
3063	Nudu	2013-04-01	Now I want to cry. A Storm of Swords was such a GREAT book. Best book in the series by far. The show disappoints a LOT with so many changes. I was expecting something else. I was expecting at least the key points from the books to be made in an exact mode or closer. Sam is a very important character in the books. He was supposed to kill the creature with the dragonglass not GHOST. Wth? Mance didnt mention the bastard story. Why?Charles Dance is a great actor but not for Tywin. And the scene was not as powerful as the one from the book. Where is Tywin's NEVER? In the books he is so angered by Tyrion's request while in the show is calm and says everything in a robotic way. Tyrion was supposed to be HIDEOUS. With a horror scar and no nose. Peter is good looking either way.Where are Jaime and Brienne?  Arya?Didnt like the Small Council scene. Also Margaery scenes were ODD. Cersei is telling her things that were not in the book. At least NOT in this one. Joffrey is not intelligent, wise, mature. He is supposed to be a sadic, cocky, spoiled brat.Davos scenes were close to the book. Probably the only thing I liked.Sansa and Shae are not friends. Why they act like they are in the show? Also, Shae isnt that nice in the books.Daenerys is acting too mature and wise.  Selmy and Jorah acted like they know each other TOO soon.Now my question is: Why these books have to be butchered like that? HBO is a shame. No more comments.Sam slew an other LATER. And it was i wight, not an other.It wasn't small concuil. Just a dinner. Davos's scene had nothinh to do with books. It was the most disappointing scene for me. They took Davos directly to the dungeons in the books.
3064	Loras	2013-04-01	Now I want to cry. A Storm of Swords was such a GREAT book. Best book in the series by far. The show disappoints a LOT with so many changes. I was expecting something else. I was expecting at least the key points from the books to be made in an exact mode or closer.Sam is a very important character in the books. He was supposed to kill the creature with the dragonglass not GHOST. Wth?
	Spoiler That creature was a Wight - he was never meant to kill that AT ALL in the books.
Mance didnt mention the bastard story. Why?Time constraints, I imagine.Tyrion was supposed to be HIDEOUS. With a horror scar and no nose. Peter is good looking either way.Did you watch the S2 finale, it was clear from that moment what Tyrion was going to look like.  We have nearly had a year to get used to it.Where are Jaime and Brienne?  Arya?
	Spoiler Episode 2
Didnt like the Small Council scene.There wasn't one..Sansa and Shae are not friends. Why they act like they are in the show? Also, Shae isnt that nice in the books.Again, this has been going on since S2 E04 - the reason is probably to give Shae someone to interact with other than Tyrion.Selmy and Jorah acted like they know each other TOO soon.But they do know each other...I don't mean to be rude but it looks like you are trying to find things to complain about.  Things might have diverted from the books - but the books are the books and the TV show is the TV show.  Two separate entities.
3065	anexanhume	2013-04-01	Strong Belwas:  In Memoriam-  You made perhaps the best fighter in Westeros your squire-  To you, the terrifying Dothraki are merely "horse boys"-  You withstood the mounted charge of the Meereenese champion, quickly dispatched him, and decided the next most appropriate step was to shit on the battlefield.-  You ate a bowlful of poisoned locusts.  Sure you got sick and lost some weight, but no locust can defeat Strong Belwas.Strong Belwas you will be missed.  I do hope D&D ate liver and onions after writing this episode.I thought I remember reading that Belwas will be in the show eventually. I can't find it though. You have to admit that with the show not having Arstan hide his identity, Belwas wasn't really needed initially.
3066	Ser Wun Wun	2013-04-01	I don't think HBO is painting itself into a corner with Shae.  All they have to do is include one scene where Cersei confronts Shae and threatens her if she doesn't testify against Tyrion.  Then we are left hanging on what Shae decides to do until we see her called to the stand in the trial scene.  It will be fucking heartbreaking, even more so than in the book (b/c book Shae was clearly only in it for the money anyway). 
It's won't even be out of character for tv Shae imo, she told Sansa not to trust anyone ever.  She's a survivor at heart, she'll do what she has to to make it out.  I think the show has communicated that about her effectively, personally.
3067	pleonasm	2013-04-01	A couple of quick thoughts:
1. Kudos the special effects and production design folks (set designers, costumes, etc...). Most of the work in this episode far supassed anything that they have done in the last two seasons. Joffrey's Dining Room and Tywin's chamber were great new additions. I also loved a number of the effects shots (The Wildling Camp, Robb's troops, the Giant, and Danny's dragons). It wasn't perfect, the manticore was silly and I didn't care for the opening sequence with the NIght Watch -- it felt very 'green screened', but nonetheless they are really hitting alot of stuff out of the ballpark.
2. I am convinced Benioff and Weiss, while great fans, and kudos for them for convincing HBO to film the unfilmable series, are still learning on the job how to write 'great' television. There was a couple of very good scenes/interactions (Tywin and Tyrion, Ros and Shae, etc...), but they still haven't put together a great episode yet. I really wish they could write and film action sequences. The cold open was laughably bad in capturing the threat that White Walkers and their zombie army is supposed to pose. Yes - Some of its budget, but a confusing mass panic night attack, with a hand held camera, and some great sound/musical cues would have been so much more compelling that Mormont standing around some extras with a little blood on them. I'm just not convinced they have a strong sense of how to use visuals to better tell some parts of the story.
3. Overall - I'd give a B-. It's an encouraging improvement from the trainwreck that was Season 2. Its solid television. But not great.
3068	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	Very disappointed with the opening scene. We didnt get to sree the battle at the Fist at all?
Seriously, how did Sam escape??? No real explanation, it just happened.
Wasnt happy with Mance's intro either. They changed both Jon and Mance's stories that they tell for absolutely no reason I can think of. Mance telling his story allows you to get to know and understand him.
The giant was siiick!
Charles Dance is amazing.
I dont likre how they changed Davos's part when he finally gets back to Stannis. Mel punked out Davos and Stannis kinda came off dickish.
Barristan was AWESOME. That whole scene with the creepy warlock girl was great.
3069	rohit39	2013-04-01	Its a decent episode. 7/10 in my book.
A small query. What about the reveal that Dany can actually understand Valyrian? That's surely coming up in the later episodes right? Or are they gonna work around it somehow?
3070	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	I don't think HBO is painting itself into a corner with Shae.  All they have to do is include one scene where Cersei confronts Shae and threatens her if she doesn't testify against Tyrion.  Then we are left hanging on what Shae decides to do until we see her called to the stand in the trial scene.  It will be fucking heartbreaking, even more so than in the book (b/c book Shae was clearly only in it for the money anyway).It's won't even be out of character for tv Shae imo, she told Sansa not to trust anyone ever.  She's a survivor at heart, she'll do what she has to to make it out.  I think the show has communicated that about her effectively, personally.And once Tyrion is sentenced and she is revealed for who she really was, I can't imagine they'd just have her continue serving in the castle, she'll probably have to resort back to being a common whore.  And Tywin being the sick fuck he is, would have no qualms about paying her.
3071	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	Its a decent episode. 7/10 in my book.A small query. What about the reveal that Dany can actually understand Valyrian? That's surely coming up in the later episodes right? Or are they gonna work around it somehow?I think she very obviously understood what was being said, and I imagine it's something we'll hear when they decided to take Missandei with them.
3072	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Its a decent episode. 7/10 in my book.A small query. What about the reveal that Dany can actually understand Valyrian? That's surely coming up in the later episodes right? Or are they gonna work around it somehow?I bet the reveal will come moments before she kills the slaver. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3073	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	Sam slew an other LATER. And it was i wight, not an other.Sam killed an Other.
3074	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	Sam killed an Other.Yepp, with dragonglass.
3075	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	Why isnt Ghost with Jon? Didnt he have him in season 2, or no?
3076	Maester Hodor	2013-04-01	Can anyone tell me if the actor who played Barristan in Season 1 is playing him in Season 3 too? I thought he looked the same but sounded a little different from what I remember.
3077	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2013-04-01	Could anyone make out some of what Tywin was writing?  If I'm not mistaken he knows that Jaime is free already.
3078	Nudu	2013-04-01	Sam killed an Other.I meant it was a wight that Mormont killed in the show. Sam will kill an Other.
3079	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	Can anyone tell me if the actor who played Barristan in Season 1 is playing him in Season 3 too? I thought he looked the same but sounded a little different from what I remember.Yes, it is Ian McElhinney
3080	DarkStar24	2013-04-01	Did anyone else catch Jorah telling Dany that she wont get a khalasar until she proves her strength? Anyone else thinking they could be alluding to the end of book 5?
3081	dreamcatcher	2013-04-01	Some observations: They made Jon Snow hotter. He somehow looks better and he lost his weird northern accent for a King's Landing one. Dany is awesome, love Emilia Clarke more and more. Tyrion/Tywin and Margaery/Cersei interactions were amazing, but Maisie's absence was really felt. The ending fell a little flat. That's it for now /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3082	JJB	2013-04-01	Spoiler That creature was a Wight - he was never meant to kill that AT ALL in the books.
Time constraints, I imagine.Did you watch the S2 finale, it was clear from that moment what Tyrion was going to look like.  We have nearly had a year to get used to it.
	Spoiler Episode 2
There wasn't one..Again, this has been going on since S2 E04 - the reason is probably to give Shae someone to interact with other than Tyrion.But they do know each other...I don't mean to be rude but it looks like you are trying to find things to complain about.  Things might have diverted from the books - but the books are the books and the TV show is the TV show.  Two separate entities.If you say so... But really... I don't know what's your problem. What I left in my post was nothing but my OPINION. What wrong have I done? That I don't agree with you?
3083	Our Blades Are Sharp	2013-04-01	Show Missandei is quite the hottie.
Tyrion/Tywin interaction was awesome.
Cop out of the battle of the first men...blegh
3084	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	Ok seriously, how did Sam survive an army of Others and Wights? They want us to believe that he out ran them? Or do they just not care about explaining?
3085	Ser Wun Wun	2013-04-01	Did anyone else catch Jorah telling Dany that she wont get a khalasar until she proves her strength? Anyone else thinking they could be alluding to the end of book 5?I definitely think Dany will get herself some more Dothraki before she gets to Westeros.  She only has like a hundred or so now I think, not many of which are actual fighting men.So I could see that line as foreshdowing that Dany will 'show her strength' in order to make Khal Jhaqo's khalasar her own in TWOW.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Wun Wun, 01 April 2013 - 01:29 PM.
3086	Lothar Imbel	2013-04-01	trying to impress margaery but shes doesnt buy it for one second but still goes along with it to please him and i think cersie knows thisI really loved her and Loras' sort of 'awkward dinner party glance' they shared.
3087	bluemoon	2013-04-01	In my head, Mance was an attractive older guy. TV Mance...not so much. /happy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />Made me laugh
3088	Reposado	2013-04-01	Where are Jaime and Brienne? Arya?the last thing we need to complain about is not enough characters being jammed into each episode. if anything, robb should have been cut from his onethe biggest problem last season was lack of complete episodes, tankfully it seems that they are working on that for this year
3089	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	I think it works better for them to have some characters and not all of them in every episode.  It allows them more time to focus and doesn't overly dilute the storylines across the full ten hours.
3090	Rockroi	2013-04-01	So, after waiting 42 weeks, we get back some of our good olâ<U+0080><U+0099> GOT groove back. Overall- solid, smart, fun and (best of all) fast.  This episode gave us a lot of good plot points without rushing and covered a lot of ground. What I liked:When We Last Left Our Hero: Jon Snowâ<U+0080><U+0099>s introduction to the Caesar King beyond the Wall was great.  We got a lot out of a bunch of different characters with a TON of information all locked into a 7-10 minute scene.  Great work.  We met Mance, we met Giantsbane, we see that Ygritte is still great and we see that Jon has a little bit of quick thinking to him.  I thought the decision to â<U+0080><U+009C>pick up right where we left offâ<U+0080><U+009D> was terrific; we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t need (nor have the time for) an entire episode dedicated to the regurgitating everything we just saw (if we did, we would just reread Fest for Crows). Astapor: Light Years ahead of Quarth:  I am a bit amazed with how (bleeping) fast Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story line jumps.  Yes, she is only in her second chapter, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s saying something.  Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s second chapter happens over 25% of the way through SoS- so Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s story is well on its way.  She is already at the Unsullied; she is already chatting with the slavers; she is already hatching a plan.  And its her second scene.  Then she runs into Artisan Whitebeardâ<U+0080>¦ only the story doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have time (nor the advantage) that the books did so they just jump him right up â<U+0080><U+0093> Its Barristanb Selmy.  While the book version was stunning and the reader got to actually enjoy being tricked, the show does not have that luxury, so it just has to happen.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a whole bookâ<U+0080><U+0099>s worth of time savings right there.   While the Qarth scenes were not just laborious, meandering and ultimately â<U+0080><U+009C>emptyâ<U+0080><U+009D> (*snark*), the Astapor timetable is much more as if a drill Seagent is yelling: â<U+0080><U+009C>People, listen up WE GOT PLACES TO GO! MOVE IT!â<U+0080><U+009D> And they kept the nipple scene in.  Still grosses me out. Nice Touch: I loved how the first scene with Jon mirrored really well the last scene with Dany (Ice and Fire indeed); how Jon was getting pelted with dung by little kids, but was never in any real danger, while Dany was playing gleefully with a pretty little â<U+0080>¦ warlockâ<U+0080>¦ and was in mortal danger. â<U+0080><U+009C>I Canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Escape; The Ratings Would Hit the Crapperâ<U+0080><U+009D>: I watched the episode with a group of friends and we re-watched Blackwater and the last episode of Season 2, which includes the scene where Shae makes Tyrion the offer f running away together.  And we all made different version of the same joke: â<U+0080><U+009C>I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t leave because Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m the most popular character on the show.â<U+0080><U+009D>  And in this episode, Tyrion continued the hits with two great scenes with Cersei and Tywin.  The writing for Tyrion is great not only when he is lobbing zingers at Cresei, but when he has to run away from his father.  That's a lot of range and depth there in both the character and the actor. Salador Saan: Comic Genius: I just want to have a few people in every episode who I just like to hear talk.  TYwin Lannister, Dolorous Ed, and now Salador Saan who is hilarious.  I think the return to humor- especially in the Stannis/Davos Storyline which is so in need of some people who are not so dour â<U+0080><U+0093>is very welcome.Erosion of a King: Small, subtle but right there in the open: Roose Bolton talking to Rikard Karstark about the progress of the war and about Rob Stark.  And  just like that we hear the first whisper of treason. What I Am On the Fence about:I Have NO Idea What Happened At Harrenhal: We see Robb outside Harrenhal, looking to fight a seige, only he waltzes right in and sees a slaughter.  So what happened?  Not much explination.  My take is that the Mountain executed a whole bunch of northerners who were probably taken prisoner after the Battle of the Green Ford.  But it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t make that much sense.  Why were they all just dead? Where was the Mountain?  Did they just lined everyone up outside the courtyard to start killing people? How come we didn't get his people before? How come there's never been any discussion about prisoners at Harrenhal?  Now, mind you, I didn't dislike this scene I thought it provided good bedrock of reminding us where Robb is at least trying to do; it also provides us a good look into the minds of some of his subordinates. But overall I just found a whole scene onfusing and really untethered to the overall story.Tywin Lannister: Unimproved Upon: Although it's a line for line regurgitation from the books, I have always found Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s excuse for not giving Tyrion Casterly Rock to be incredibly shallow, empty and really outside the norm of this character. I was half hoping that the writers would improve upon this from the books, but they stayed true to the books methodology. Therefore, I do not dislike what they did I guess I just didn't like it anymore than I absolutely had to.The continued missed opportunities of  Sansa Stark: In Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the scene in the show, we find her describing what she thinks certain ships are doing in the bay. In the beginning I thought it was because Sansa added information that she had picked up on that gave her special insight into each one of these ships and their captains, and a better understanding of Westeros commerce. Unfortunately, however, she is playing stupid game. Again I don't mind it very much, but I would much rather had Santa actually advancing in the game of thrones than having another relatively empty scene.What I Did Not Like:Roz and Shae: Oh thank God they just put the two worst characters in the series in the same place to get all my hatred out of the way in one scene. In some ways I thought that was really good efficiency. On the other hand, why is this even here? I think the writers were sending us a little message â<U+0080><U+009C>we know you hate these two characters, and they are not going anywhere.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Good for them; and good for me because I know where to hit the advanced button on my TiVo now when I rewatch the episode. (Though this does lead to kind of an interesting question that we bantered about while watching the show: does show Shae actually love Tyrion? Is she that much of a departure from the book that she is actually fallen for this man, and it's actually not an act? If that's the case, I may have to reevaluate how I feel about this character. And I do not dislike Roz nearly as much as other people, I just find her constant inclusion to be borderline hilarious). The Continued Misunderstanding of the Word "Unquestionably":  this one take some explanation. During last season one of the producers made the comment that Renly would â<U+0080><U+009C>unquestionablyâ<U+0080><U+009D> be a better king than Stannis. â<U+0080><U+009C>  Even after watching the show (and obviously reading the books) and seeing how  weak, unproven, terrified and plyable Renly is, all I can think of is that either:The producers do not understand who Renly is;The producers do not understand who Stannis is; orThe producers do not understand what the word â<U+0080><U+009C>unquestionablyâ<U+0080><U+009D> means.And this was delivered in the really stilted Davos-Stannis "reunion" scene. I found this Stannis-Davos scene to be painfully bad. In the book, Stannis is almost giddy that Davos is alive; he even invites him to work on some strategy. You actually get a hint of warmth from the King. Also, Davosâ<U+0080><U+0099> activities make a lot more sense in the book; he gets thrown in jail, and then he meets the King not the other way around (which just seems long-winded here). Here, there is absolutely no emotional resonance from Stannis; he's almost a cardboard cut-out.  There is no sense of caring or intimacy from the King to his Hand. This, by the way, contradicts what they show (to say nothing of the books) says about their relationship; namely the King really does care about Davos.  Why isn't Show-Stannis at least modestly happy to see him?  And why is he so lifeless?And all I could think of is that the producers continually misunderstand who this character is and what he's trying to do. That instead of a flushed out and humane character, they have interposed a robot, virtually without feeling and without self-inspection.  And they add to this problem the idea that Stannis is being either manipulated or outright control by Mel.  In other words, they want Stannis to be the guy who doesn't understand or care about what he's doing; a Faustian caricature of what was in the books anyway a layered and nuanced character.This is hard for me; Stannis is one of my favorite characters in both the books and on the show. This show mishandling of this character has me cringing.  Now, don't get me wrong; I could be completely off base on this.  It's possible that I misinterpreted what's going on in that scene.  And I will need more episodes to get a good handle on this relationship and on Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> character. However, I keep coming back to the fear that the producers just want to make Stannis a type of villain instead of, quite possibly, a very jaded and complex â<U+0080><U+009C>hero.â<U+0080><U+009D> But like I said I could be wrong.Overall this is a solid 7.5 out of 10 and I'm really happy with the pace setting.
3091	jblair	2013-04-01	Phew.  Everyone else sees it.Even I saw it, and I'm a hetero male. The man got hotter by a lot.
3092	Reposado	2013-04-01	Mance didnt mention the bastard story. Why?i'm guessing tv mance is a very different character. that story would have felt out of place coming from who we saw it from
3093	Raksha the Demon	2013-04-01	Actually, the episode wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.Pro's:Tywin/Tyrion scene - two great actors knocking it out of the park, nailing the dysfunctional mess that is Family in Tywin's house.  (Tywin/Cersei scene was also well done in a more understated, adult sibling rivalry with Tyrion's understandable resentment over his sister's attempt to have him killed)Dany and her dragons; great scene on the boat.Actually, all of Dany's scenes; they took her straight into some action this season.Margaery sashaying around stealing Cersei's thunder and bewildering Joffrey (he hasn't figured out how to deal with her, which is probably all to the good in terms of Margaery's mental and physical health, thankfully, she's much brighter and older/more sophisticated than Joffrey).Cool Giant among the Wildlings!Barristan is Back!Cons:The Stannis scene dragged; I don't remember book-Stannis being such a wet blanket.  I hope we don't see Ros in every episode; but at least she had her clothes on this time.  Bronn/whore/scene; useless.  Intro of Mance Everard also dragged; either the writing or Ciaran Hinds have sucked the life out of the vibrant Manse Everard.The nasty slave-master's comment about Jorah smelling of urine, what was that?  Does Jorah have a  problem or was the slave-master just indulging his general Evil as he was in referring to Dany as a whore?Not enough Ghost!I would imagine that Shae will eventually betray Tyrion because in the TV show she actually loves him; and she will become angry that he marries Sansa (and angry at Sansa as well, since she has actually helped and protected the girl).
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 01 April 2013 - 01:41 PM.
3094	Reposado	2013-04-01	Overall this is a solid 7.5 out of 10 and I'm really happy with the pace setting.pretty much agreed 100% with all sentiments.the robb scene felt out of place completely. and that worries me as much as the leaving out of arya, bran and jaime encourages me
3095	boojam	2013-04-01	All in a good primer, maybe as good as season 1.
Almost all lifted in selected bits from the novel with the exception of Catelyn's story I didn't see why the diversion from her chapters as was done, even time wise, but it didn't hurt anything.
They kept the Twyin - Tryion encounter almost exactly intact , Peter and Dance together are just  stunning.
It was already known that Arya's  and Bran's would not appear until next episode.
Whew! they whipped through Daenerys I , II and III in a lightning flash, I can not figure out if they will go back and use material from those three chapters in these initial episodes.
They did cover Dany's initial story , from the novel,  almost as it is in the book.
One glaring goof, to me, is introducing Low Valyrian without identifying it. It was clear in Episode 1 of season 1 that Dothraki was being spoken.
Unless I missed it, no identifying subtitle, or better yet the advice from Ser Jorah advising Dany , who understands and speaks both High and Low Valyrian to no let on that she understands what Kraznys is saying That was a strategic ploy by Dany. Maybe they will bring it up later
3096	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Stannis just isn't the same since he Looked Into the Flame and Saw It.
3097	wolverine	2013-04-01	All in a good primer, maybe as good as season 1.Almost all lifted in selected bits from the novel with the exception of Catelyn's story I didn't see why the diversion from her chapters as was done, even time wise, but it didn't hurt anything.They kept the Twyin - Tryion encounter almost exactly intact , Peter and Dance together are just  stunning.It was already known that Arya's  and Bran's would not appear until next episode.Whew! they whipped through Daenerys I , II and III in a lightning flash, I can not figure out if they will go back and use material from those three chapters in these initial episodes.They did cover Dany's initial story , from the novel,  almost as it is in the book.One glaring goof, to me, is introducing Low Valyrian without identifying it. It was clear in Episode 1 of season 1 that Dothraki was being spoken.Unless I missed it, no identifying subtitle, or better yet the advice from Ser Jorah advising Dany , who understands and speaks both High and Low Valyrian to no let on that she understands what Kraznys is saying That was a strategic ploy by Dany. Maybe they will bring it up laterIt would have shown Dany/Jorah being much smarter than the viewers realize.Dinklage is great, but I still believe one of the most important parts of Tyrion's character is how being a hideous disfigured dwarf has effected his entire life.  Dinklage is just too good looking and the scar is nothing.
3098	Nobody of the canals	2013-04-01	Does anyone have an idea of how they're going to do the Dany/Jorah fallout? Selmy wasn't at the council meetings, and he's already revealed himself, so there's going to be no way to do the "you out me, i out you" thing those two have going on in the books. 
Or are they going to have Selmy do the Jorah reveal later causing Dany to get mad at both of them, Mormont for spying and Selmy for not telling her earlier?
3099	Loras Stan	2013-04-01	Do people think we'll see Loras become a member of the Kingsguard still this season?  I certainly hope we do.Honestly, I really really hope he does, but I'm starting to fear that he won't. While we'll find out if Willas even exists within the series next episode, they've already combined Loras and Garlan togther. I won't be surprised if they nix Willas, as well, and then do the whole plot to marry Loras off to Sansa, instead of Willas--which means he can't be in the Kingsguard.Which, personally, is something that will really bother me. Tyrion's conversation with Loras on why he chose to join the Kingsguard is one of his more defining moments, and i'd hate to lose that. The candle line is probably Loras's most popular line, and while I could see them encorporating it in another way, I'd rather not lose it's context. Besides, Loras joins the Kingsguard to ensure that he can protect Margaery...and gives him the in to have interactions with Jamie (which are amazing, as well).So...yeah. I'm not quite sure where they are going to go with this, now that Garlan and possibly Willas don't exist. But then again, we don't even know if the "oh you can marry my brother" conversation will happen between Margaery and Sansa, yet. That will come next episode.
					
					
							Edited by Loras Stan, 01 April 2013 - 01:51 PM.
3100	Reposado	2013-04-01	Honestly, I really really hope he does, but I'm starting to fear that he won't. While we'll find out if Willas even exists within the series next episode, they've already combined Loras and Garlan togther. I won't be surprised if they nix Willas, as well, and then do the whole plot to marry Loras off to Sansa, instead of Willas--which means he can't be in the Kingsguard.Which, personally, is something that will really bother me. Tyrion's conversation with Loras on why he chose to join the Kingsguard is one of his more defining moments, and i'd hate to lose that. The candle line is probably Loras's favorite line, and while I could see them encorporating it in another way, I'd rather not lose it's context. Besides, Loras joins the Kingsguard to ensure that he can protect Margaery...and gives him the in to have interactions with Jamie (which are amazing, as well).So...yeah. I'm not quite sure where they are going to go with this, now that Garlan and possibly Willas don't exist. But then again, we don't even know if the "oh you can marry my brother" conversation will happen between Margaery and Sansa, yet. That will come next episode.pretty sure that conversation is with jaime, but yeah that is a must have conversation.i could see your fears being right and i think it would be not for the better. easy enough for there to be a willas offscreen. he was offscreen in the book.
3101	Loras Stan	2013-04-01	pretty sure that conversation is with jaime, but yeah that is a must have conversation.i could see your fears being right and i think it would be not for the better. easy enough for there to be a willas offscreen. he was offscreen in the book.It's Tyrion, because he he wonders why Loras joined at 17, etc. Hes with Ser Balon I think.But yeah, I'd rather just the mysterious Willas exist in the wings. It will keep things a lot simpler. But that still means Loras needs to join up soon. Maybe next episode.
3102	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	Dinklage is great, but I still believe one of the most important parts of Tyrion's character is how being a hideous disfigured dwarf has effected his entire life.  Dinklage is just too good looking and the scar is nothing.There was a kind of reference to the books in the Cersei/Tyrion scene. She told him what she'd heard about him loosing half of his nose.
3103	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	pretty sure that conversation is with jaime, but yeah that is a must have conversation.i could see your fears being right and i think it would be not for the better. easy enough for there to be a willas offscreen. he was offscreen in the book.No, I think it's with Tyrion as well.  The conversation with Jaime is the I'll stick you "in spots even Renly didn't find."   They usually include popular lines that way, and since we have actually seen Renly/Loras on screen I hope they include it also.
3104	wolverine	2013-04-01	There was a kind of reference to the books in the Cersei/Tyrion scene. She told him what she'd heard about him loosing half of his nose.Yup, would have been better to me if he was uglier to begin with and actually lost his nose, instead of just a shout out to readers.  But this is something that has long bothered me, along with Tyrion being more spry than the one from the books.
3105	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	So, after waiting 42 weeks, we get back some of our good olÂ<U+0092> GOT groove back. Overall- solid, smart, fun and (best of all) fast.  This episode gave us a lot of good plot points without rushing and covered a lot of ground. What I liked:When We Last Left Our Hero: Jon SnowÂ<U+0092>s introduction to the Caesar King beyond the Wall was great.  We got a lot out of a bunch of different characters with a TON of information all locked into a 7-10 minute scene.  Great work.  We met Mance, we met Giantsbane, we see that Ygritte is still great and we see that Jon has a little bit of quick thinking to him.  I thought the decision to Â<U+0093>pick up right where we left offÂ<U+0094> was terrific; we donÂ<U+0092>t need (nor have the time for) an entire episode dedicated to the regurgitating everything we just saw (if we did, we would just reread Fest for Crows). I Have NO Idea What Happened At Harrenhal: We see Robb outside Harrenhal, looking to fight a seige, only he waltzes right in and sees a slaughter.  So what happened?  Not much explination.  My take is that the Mountain executed a whole bunch of northerners who were probably taken prisoner after the Battle of the Green Ford.  But it didnÂ<U+0092>t make that much sense.  Why were they all just dead? Where was the Mountain?  Did they just lined everyone up outside the courtyard to start killing people? How come we didn't get his people before? How come there's never been any discussion about prisoners at Harrenhal?  Now, mind you, I didn't dislike this scene I thought it provided good bedrock of reminding us where Robb is at least trying to do; it also provides us a good look into the minds of some of his subordinates. But overall I just found a whole scene onfusing and really untethered to the overall story.I found this Stannis-Davos scene to be painfully bad. In the book, Stannis is almost giddy that Davos is alive; he even invites him to work on some strategy. You actually get a hint of warmth from the King. Also, DavosÂ<U+0092> activities make a lot more sense in the book; he gets thrown in jail, and then he meets the King not the other way around (which just seems long-winded here). Here, there is absolutely no emotional resonance from Stannis; he's almost a cardboard cut-out.  There is no sense of caring or intimacy from the King to his Hand. This, by the way, contradicts what they show (to say nothing of the books) says about their relationship; namely the King really does care about Davos.  Why isn't Show-Stannis at least modestly happy to see him?  And why is he so lifeless?And all I could think of is that the producers continually misunderstand who this character is and what he's trying to do. That instead of a flushed out and humane character, they have interposed a robot, virtually without feeling and without self-inspection.  And they add to this problem the idea that Stannis is being either manipulated or outright control by Mel.  In other words, they want Stannis to be the guy who doesn't understand or care about what he's doing; a Faustian caricature of what was in the books anyway a layered and nuanced character.This is hard for me; Stannis is one of my favorite characters in both the books and on the show. This show mishandling of this character has me cringing.  Now, don't get me wrong; I could be completely off base on this.  It's possible that I misinterpreted what's going on in that scene.  And I will need more episodes to get a good handle on this relationship and on StannisÂ<U+0092> character. However, I keep coming back to the fear that the producers just want to make Stannis a type of villain instead of, quite possibly, a very jaded and complex Â<U+0093>hero.Â<U+0094> But like I said I could be wrong.Overall this is a solid 7.5 out of 10 and I'm really happy with the pace setting.Good post. I agree with most of what you said.I was really excited coming into this season about Jon meeting Mance. The way they changed the stories that Jon and Mance tell eachother kind of ruined this for me. Mance's story allowed the reader to get to know him and understand where hes coming from. This made me instantly like Mance. The change takes that away I feel. Jons book story is also better I think.Same thing with Harrenhal with me.You nailed it with Stannis and Davos. I was watching like WTF theyre making him a dick to Davos and Mel makes him look like a little bitch. Couldnt have said it better.
					
					
							Edited by -Ghost-, 01 April 2013 - 02:06 PM.
3106	The Monkey	2013-04-01	Gotta love HBO's April Fool's joke:http://hbowatch.com/...il-season-four/Even got a stab at book readers:When asked whether he approved of this decision, George R.R Martin responded enthusiastically:â<U+0080><U+009C>Warwick was actually my pick back in 2009 when we first began looking at potential cast members. It finally hit me last week while taking an indefinite break from writing The Winds of Winter to catch up on some of my favorite movies. I think it was his epic role in Willow that finally convinced me. Such wit. Suchâ<U+0080>¦ tenderness.â<U+0080><U+009D>
3107	wolverine	2013-04-01	I thought Dalla and Val were in the tent when Jon met Vance.  Am I misremembering?
3108	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	Gotta love HBO's April Fool's joke:http://hbowatch.com/...il-season-four/Even got a stab at book readers:"Indefinite break" haha sure feels that way.
3109	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	The Continued Misunderstanding of the Word "Unquestionably":  this one take some explanation. During last season one of the producers made the comment that Renly would â<U+0080><U+009C>unquestionablyâ<U+0080><U+009D> be a better king than Stannis. â<U+0080><U+009C>  Even after watching the show (and obviously reading the books) and seeing how  weak, unproven, terrified and plyable Renly is, all I can think of is that either:The producers do not understand who Renly is;The producers do not understand who Stannis is; orThe producers do not understand what the word â<U+0080><U+009C>unquestionablyâ<U+0080><U+009D> means.And this was delivered in the really stilted Davos-Stannis "reunion" scene.I found this Stannis-Davos scene to be painfully bad. In the book, Stannis is almost giddy that Davos is alive; he even invites him to work on some strategy. You actually get a hint of warmth from the King. Also, Davosâ<U+0080><U+0099> activities make a lot more sense in the book; he gets thrown in jail, and then he meets the King not the other way around (which just seems long-winded here). Here, there is absolutely no emotional resonance from Stannis; he's almost a cardboard cut-out.  There is no sense of caring or intimacy from the King to his Hand. This, by the way, contradicts what they show (to say nothing of the books) says about their relationship; namely the King really does care about Davos.  Why isn't Show-Stannis at least modestly happy to see him?  And why is he so lifeless?And all I could think of is that the producers continually misunderstand who this character is and what he's trying to do. That instead of a flushed out and humane character, they have interposed a robot, virtually without feeling and without self-inspection.  And they add to this problem the idea that Stannis is being either manipulated or outright control by Mel.  In other words, they want Stannis to be the guy who doesn't understand or care about what he's doing; a Faustian caricature of what was in the books anyway a layered and nuanced character.This is hard for me; Stannis is one of my favorite characters in both the books and on the show. This show mishandling of this character has me cringing.  Now, don't get me wrong; I could be completely off base on this.  It's possible that I misinterpreted what's going on in that scene.  And I will need more episodes to get a good handle on this relationship and on Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> character. However, I keep coming back to the fear that the producers just want to make Stannis a type of villain instead of, quite possibly, a very jaded and complex â<U+0080><U+009C>hero.â<U+0080><U+009D>But like I said I could be wrong.Overall this is a solid 7.5 out of 10 and I'm really happy with the pace setting.Yeah don't get me started on the treatment of Stannis.  Dillane is fantastic but the way they're writing him is poor, don't think they get him at all.  Should have had Davos arrested preemptively by guards and brought out to be welcomed by Stannis later as per ASoS, guess they've already used up the 'being made hand' scene and just want people to think he's a douchebag.
3110	Ser Loudmouth	2013-04-01	Did anyone else catch Jorah telling Dany that she wont get a khalasar until she proves her strength? Anyone else thinking they could be alluding to the end of book 5?Yes, it looks like the writers are setting up a lot of things for later in the show, and not just later in the season, which is a nice touchFor example, this is where we first hear about Tyrion's ambition to be lord of Casterly Rock. In the Books, he is still working towards that ambition as late as book 5. If and when the show gets there, viewers will look back to this episode as the place where it all began.The continued missed opportunities of  Sansa Stark: In Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s the scene in the show, we find her describing what she thinks certain ships are doing in the bay. In the beginning I thought it was because Sansa added information that she had picked up on that gave her special insight into each one of these ships and their captains, and a better understanding of Westeros commerce. Unfortunately, however, she is playing stupid game. Again I don't mind it very much, but I would much rather had Santa actually advancing in the game of thrones than having another relatively empty scene.Totally agree. I too believed that Sansa in this scene was practicing some "humint" skills, and I was disappointed that she was just making stuff up (or was she...?) With Littlefinger being a pale shadow of his book character, Sansa can't just rely on his mentoring. If she wants to play the game of thrones, she will have to developp some abilities by herself.
3111	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-01	I noticed that Cersei tells Margery "when you are queen", so we are seeing the back scenes plotting of getting rid of Sansa that we never saw in the books, which is a nice touch.Charles Dance  is awesome, and Peter Dinklage and he just spark off of each other.Once Margaery came on the scene, Sansa and Joff's betrothal was broken, in the books and on the show last season.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 01 April 2013 - 02:12 PM.
3112	Ice Turtle	2013-04-01	5 things I really liked:1, Sansa's dialogue with Shae. It shows that while Sansa is a victim and hostage she is still a bossy highborn girl and I find her preference for pretty lies to truth something that is very in character for her 2, Jon staring at a giant 3, Marg/Cersei tension 4, children swimming near sunk ships5, Joffrey 3 things I did not like:1, Beginning: It like, wait what happened to that White walker that was standing about meter from Sam?! Why did Ghost teleport there?! And why in 77 hells is Mormont suddenly just calmly standing there and having talks like they were in the park and not in a snowstorm surrounded by zombies?! Speaking about zombies wights, why they just went away? 2, Harrenhall, please will someone insert like one line that would say what happened there?3, Too much of Marge the Saint, shorter scene would do it too. This somehow seemed over the top. 1 thing I'm puzzled about:1, Volantis - why all the talk about this city in the show?
3113	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	Gotta love HBO's April Fool's joke:http://hbowatch.com/...il-season-four/Even got a stab at book readers:/lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />Loved that. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Thanks for posting.
3114	7V3N	2013-04-01	First my complaints:They were so forward with the Tyrells being charitable and Margaery being kind to the common people. The scene with Margaery was too long for the point it served, IMO. This only supported my thought that the show has slowly removed all subtleties.I would have preferred Davos' book-capture on his return to Dragonstone, but obviously that whole thing is a bit ongoing so I have to see how it ends up. I was also upset that we didn't see his vision of the Mother.I hate both Shae and Ros, and I don't see why they are in the roles that they are in - and Ros even said so, to some extent. Why is Shae so protective of Sansa to the point that it brings her in danger? Ros makes more sense given how she had to "move on" after being horrified by the bastard baby incident, and grew into a sort of informant role. Not sure why she is walking around with Littlefinger though.The actor for Littlefinger talks in such a strange way. It always makes me laugh, in a bad way though.The scorpion thing that Barristan stabbed was very underwhelming. He just sorta stabbed it once with a dagger, and that was that.I think Peter Dinklage (Tyrion) needs to tone down the sarcasm a bit. In some scenes it feels to be a bit too much.I'm not sure why they cast a Victarion Greyjoy to be Mance Rayder. That whole scene just was far too tense, where in the book it was uncomfortable comfortable. No way this Mance is a silver-tongued singer.The more I see Jon Snow, the less I like the actor.The good:Dany's scenes were amazing and I love how we got a good look at the dragon so early. The Unsullied scene was done excellently (though IIRC, the Unsullied had to raise a puppy and then kill it. Not kill a baby.). I also think they struck gold with those three actors (Jorah, Barristan, and Dany) so there are sure to be some great scenes to come.It makes sense to drop the Arstan Whitebeard thing since viewers can immediately recognize him.I'm interested in how they will do Qyburn.Ygritte is excellent. This actress must really know the character.The actor for Davos is perfect, and they write well for him.Bronn is still great, and they have the relationship between he and Tyrion just right. I hope they include Bronn and his further advancements.Tywin delivered that speech so well. I would have liked to hear more rage when he spoke of his wife, but he said it in a sort of matter-of-fact way.Overall a decent episode that got me really excited for Dany's story. I just hope the episodes begin to focus on the important things.
3115	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-01	The guy who played Ilyn Payne I think.No. His name is Wilko Johnson.  Mr. Johnson was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and is still alive to date.
3116	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	I really don't understand the confusion about what happened at Harrenhal.  Robb and Roose are talking before entering the castle that the Mountain holds/held it and they were anticipating fighting or laying seige to the castle and then Robb says "but I don't think there will be a battle" and we see a bunch of slaughter Northmen.  I instantly took it to mean the Mountain gave the castle up but not before slaughtering all these prisoners.
3117	Darryk	2013-04-01	They nailed Tywin and Tyrion for sure. Seeing Charles Dance deliver that dialogue as it was in the books gave me chills.
Jon and Mance's meeting felt extremely fast-tracked though. Are they gonna cut out all the Bael the Bard stuff entirely or are they just gonna spread a lot of the dialogue from Jon and Mance's first meeting out over the season?
Pity they didn't have the budget to show the Battle of the Fist, would've made for a great opening.
3118	Ciglon	2013-04-01	Yeah don't get me started on the treatment of Stannis.  Dillane is fantastic but the way they're writing him is poor, don't think they get him at all.I share those same reservations and concerns, but I have a feeling that Stannis being a lifeless melisandre-puppet is part of the season 3 arc for Stannis, and part of his character development. I think his character will develop in 3 parts, more or less, for viewers:1. First, we'll see him lifeless and manipulated like in ep. 1, empty and seemingly broken.2. Then, we'll get a bit of Stannis telling Davos how he's converted to full Lord-of-Light fanaticism and how he's AA and needs to save the Realm from the never-ending night, no matter what it takes or however much they dislike it. ([Gendry/whoever] as the royal blood sacrifice & "we must do our duty" speech)3. Then, at the end, we'll see the spell sort of lifted at ~ep. 10 when Davos helps the sacrifice victim escape and tells Stannis he has the cart before the horse etc., and to go North.I'm pretty willing to give Dave and Dan the benefit of the doubt and hold off my judgments until season's end with regard to Stannis.
					
					
							Edited by Ciglon, 01 April 2013 - 02:25 PM.
3119	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I really don't understand the confusion about what happened at Harrenhal.  Robb and Roose are talking before entering the castle that the Mountain holds/held it and they were anticipating fighting or laying seige to the castle and then Robb says "but I don't think there will be a battle" and we see a bunch of slaughter Northmen.  I instantly took it to mean the Mountain gave the castle up but not before slaughtering all these prisoners.There was never any mention of prisoners of war being held at Harrenhall last season, this was I thought why there was no weasle soup and Arya just escaped w/Genddry and Hot Pie.  Now, all of a sudden Harrenhall was chock full of Northern prisoners?  Incongruous.
3120	insertname	2013-04-01	The explanation for Harrenhal is that Clegane's men aren't putting up a fight against Robb, instead just running. I'm okay with that more or less, I think it makes a bit of sense for the Lannisters not to fight him right now. Don't understand the big confusion about it.
3121	TalalOfDorne	2013-04-01	I must say Danys scenes may have been the best in the episode.
3122	boojam	2013-04-01	After thinking about it some more I guess the Barristan reveal was necessary.  He is introduced much later (in Astapor instead of Qarth) so I guess there wasn't enough story there to hide him for very long...Am I the only reader who thought the Strong Belwas with a squire,aged Arstan Whitebeard was either some kind of brain flip by GRRM or was GRRM pulling another insider football joke on us?An offish pit gladiator(who in no way seems knighted!) has a squire!I thought any second that Jorah Mormont was going to step forward like the Monty Python Sargent-major and say " knock this off , it's silly!"It almost seems the show did the first version George typed up , but threw away when he thought of some mischievous jape , which I would not put past GRRM.
3123	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	There was never any mention of prisoners of war being held at Harrenhall last season, this was I thought why there was no weasle soup and Arya just escaped w/Genddry and Hot Pie.  Now, all of a sudden Harrenhall was chock full of Northern prisoners?  Incongruous.Not mentioned last season, sure.  But not completely un-understandable as people seem to be suggesting.
3124	Reposado	2013-04-01	(though IIRC, the Unsullied had to raise a puppy and then kill it. Not kill a baby.).they had to do bothJon and Mance's meeting felt extremely fast-tracked though. Are they gonna cut out all the Bael the Bard stuff entirely or are they just gonna spread a lot of the dialogue from Jon and Mance's first meeting out over the season?i bet they cut it. this guy does not seem like a bardFirst my complaints:They were so forward with the Tyrells being charitable and Margaery being kind to the common people. The scene with Margaery was too long for the point it served, IMO. This only supported my thought that the show has slowly removed all subtleties.sure  shots of wagons and food would have made the point better, but that might have made it seem as if more than 100 people live in kings landing. dont want to go against prior established facts
					
					
							Edited by Reposado, 01 April 2013 - 02:37 PM.
3125	Ice Turtle	2013-04-01	I really don't understand the confusion about what happened at Harrenhal.  Robb and Roose are talking before entering the castle that the Mountain holds/held it and they were anticipating fighting or laying seige to the castle and then Robb says "but I don't think there will be a battle" and we see a bunch of slaughter Northmen.  I instantly took it to mean the Mountain gave the castle up but not before slaughtering all these prisoners.Who were those Northmen? Why they had been there? The problem is that there is no line mentioning that they were supposed to be prisoners.
3126	I hate Dorn	2013-04-01	I did like how most of the characters were still talking about the Battle of the Blackwater. It really does highlight the scope and effect of the battle.Another subtle thing they did was right before the Bronn/brothel scene, they showed a bunch of kids swimming in the bay.  They were yelling things like "find the treasure" and "there's wreckage everywhereI thought that was a nice touch.  Addressing the reality that with all those ships destroyed on the black water, the ocean floor would now be littered with anything and everything that was on those vessels
					
					
							Edited by I hate Dorn, 01 April 2013 - 02:35 PM.
3127	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	Not mentioned last season, sure.  But not completely un-understandable as people seem to be suggesting.What is Quyborn doing with them?  Are they totally cutting out the brave companions?  If so, who is going to chop off Jamie's hand?
					
					
							Edited by Cas Stark, 01 April 2013 - 02:37 PM.
3128	Fragile Bird	2013-04-01	Oh, and Margaery is totally adorable. I always liked her in the books, but it's hard to get an objective look at her since we mostly see her through Sansa's (adoring) eyes or Cersei's (poisoned) eyes. Nice to see her in the show being a clearly competent and savvy woman who happens to be cute as a freaking button.That's an excellent observation that I hadn't thought of from that point of view.They already had the scene in the throne room where Joffrey accepts Margaery and sets Sansa aside.Yes of course they did, it slipped my mind.  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />That scene of her watching from the balcony, and the look of joy on her face that she couldn't contain.  But we never saw any behind-the-scenes dinners with Margaery and Joff and Cersei, like the one in this episode.
3129	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	What is Quyborn doing with them?  Are they totally cutting out the brave companions?  If so, who is going to chop off Jamie's arm?I think they most likely are cutting the Brave Companions, and Jaime and Brienne will be captured by "Stark" men before being brought to Roose.  They've set up the whole Roose and Rickard want Jaime thing and have men looking for him.  A few of these men capture Jaime, get a little over anxious and decide to punish him...easily done really.
3130	Dragonstoned	2013-04-01	I share those same reservations and concerns, but I have a feeling that Stannis being a lifeless melisandre-puppet is part of the season 3 arc for Stannis, and part of his character development. I think his character will develop in 3 parts, more or less, for viewers:1. First, we'll see him lifeless and manipulated like in ep. 1, empty and seemingly broken.2. Then, we'll get a bit of Stannis telling Davos how he's converted to full Lord-of-Light fanaticism and how he's AA and needs to save the Realm from the never-ending night, no matter what it takes or however much they dislike it. ([Gendry/whoever] as the royal blood sacrifice & "we must do our duty" speech)3. Then, at the end, we'll see the spell sort of lifted at ~ep. 10 when Davos helps the sacrifice victim escape and tells Stannis he has the cart before the horse etc., and to go North.I'm pretty willing to give Dave and Dan the benefit of the doubt and hold off my judgments until season's end with regard to Stannis.Mmmn I'm willing to let it play out before I start slagging them off, but his portrayal in ep301 is a continuation for me of the lifeless character they've written in season 2.  Your arc makes sense though.Anyway think it would have worked better to have him thrown in a cell immediately without seeing Stannis, given he was said to be seeing no-one and not even his generals.  Strange for him to give permission for Davos to see him if he then looked like he couldn't be bothered.
3131	BericDondarrion	2013-04-01	Not sure if this was mentioned yet but when I noticed Rast on the fist, anyone think he will be the one to kill Mormont at Crasters?
3132	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I think they most likely are cutting the Brave Companions, and Jaime and Brienne will be captured by "Stark" men before being brought to Roose.  They've set up the whole Roose and Rickard want Jaime thing and have men looking for him.  A few of these men capture Jaime, get a little over anxious and decide to punish him...easily done really.Is it?  It was a big deal Jamie's hand being cut off and Roose making sure that it was known he had nothing to do with it, if they make it that it is Roose's men who do it, without his leave, that would be stupid and Roose would never stand for such a thing.I don't know, I thought the whole Harrenhall thing was messed up since Arya never once mentioned or spoke about any Northern lords imprisoned in Harrenhall for the entire season last year.
3133	Newstar	2013-04-01	Loved Dany in all of her scenes. Ugh, I missed this Dany so much in Season 2. Welcome back!Drogon was awesome, showing off for his mommy (flipping the fish up, roasting it in midair and then swallowing it) and then coming in for a pet from Dany. So cute, or as cute as a dog-sized, fire-breathing lizard can be.They were so forward with the Tyrells being charitable and Margaery being kind to the common people. The scene with Margaery was too long for the point it served, IMO. This only supported my thought that the show has slowly removed all subtleties.They are jumping the gun a bit on the AFFC Cersei/Margaery power struggle. However, in the books Sansa reflected that Margaery had done nothing to make the people love her, just as Sansa had done nothing to make the people hate her. Here, it seems as if Margaery is actually doing something that will make the people love her.Why is Shae so protective of Sansa to the point that it brings her in danger?Eh, Sansa seems to bring that out in people. TV Shae seems to have a protective and nurturing character, anyway, and she knows how much Sansa's been through.I don't mind the Arstan plot being scrubbed at all.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 02:46 PM.
3134	7V3N	2013-04-01	Anyway think it would have worked better to have him thrown in a cell immediately without seeing Stannis, given he was said to be seeing no-one and not even his generals.  Strange for him to give permission for Davos to see him if he then looked like he couldn't be bothered.And the guards. But they said he only sees the Red Woman. I agree with you, throwing him in a cell would have been smarter. It also would have saved them a tiny bit of money.
3135	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	Is it?  It was a big deal Jamie's hand being cut off and Roose making sure that it was known he had nothing to do with it, if they make it that it is Roose's men who do it, without his leave, that would be stupid and Roose would never stand for such a thing.They can still make it as if Roose had nothing to do with it, as he most likely wouldn't, besides the fact that the men were sent out on his orders to bring Jaime back but (most likely) not to harm him.  I see Roose being pissed when Jaime is returned to him with a hand missing and punishing those men of his.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 01 April 2013 - 02:45 PM.
3136	Lady Arwen	2013-04-01	I agree wholeheartedly with those who said that the Tywin/Tyrion exchange was brilliant. I really appreciated the fact that they lifted Tywin's monologue more-or-less verbatim from the book, and Mr. Dance delivered it beautifully. I felt for Tyrion in a way I never did in the book during this scene.
3137	fanderson85	2013-04-01	I thought it was a strong episode but not perfect. The previous seasons have taken a couple episodes to ramp up and I don't think this one will be any different. I liked the quick reveal of Barristan, because the notion of having his identity "hidden" wouldn't really play on TV. I am hoping that this episode does not preclude the introduction of Belwas, just because I like the character but I could see how his character could be removed without narrative problems.
3138	Little Wing	2013-04-01	Oh, and how could I forget - depressed Stannis is hawt!   /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
3139	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2013-04-01	Anybody else think that the girl who tried to kill Dany was Waif from tHe House of Black and White?! ForNOeshadowing or a nod to book fans?No.  She had blue rotted teeth, like the warlock from Qarth.  Also, the Waif never growled like animal.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 01 April 2013 - 02:51 PM.
3140	Conchobar	2013-04-01	So those northmen were executed?
3141	Bearsblood8	2013-04-01	Has anyone noticed the "jerry curl" going on with Robb and John?  It looks pretty intense this season compared to last season.  In fact, several of the characters looked "made up" instead of raw/medieval.  Thinking of Jorah, tywin, etc.
3142	aFeastForDragons	2013-04-01	Really good episode apart from some questionable changes. 
The Davos and Stannis was exchange brilliant. They could have added a bit more suspense to Davos being alive dragging his scene on the rock out a minute or two longer. Also Davos being blamed for the defeat at Blackwater is an interesting take.
Charles Dance was amazing. He is going to be incredible this season. I love how they put in the foreshadowing line about hanging the next whore he finds in Tyrion's bed.
The scenes beyond the wall were terrible imo. They deviated to far from the book for no real reason. What is up with Tormund? He is one of the funniest characters in the book. He didn't even say "HUR HUR!". He was a blank staring stone throughout the whole interaction. In fact Mance, Tormund and the Thane were really monotonous and dull. I really hope they give them more life.
I understand they have a very limited budget but a bit of fighting at the fist would have been cool. Kind of a big let down after the epic closing scene of Season 2.
Astapor looks great! They only shied away from a few of the nasty Unsullied details. I will be epic to see this plot come to the big screen.
All in all pretty damn good. Since last season I've read all the books so this is the first time I've been able to watch it knowing what happens next so like everyone I'm not going to be to happy with big changes.
3143	King Tyrion I	2013-04-01	I agree wholeheartedly with those who said that the Tywin/Tyrion exchange was brilliant. I really appreciated the fact that they lifted Tywin's monologue more-or-less verbatim from the book, and Mr. Dance delivered it beautifully. I felt for Tyrion in a way I never did in the book during this scene./thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />You summed it up nicely.
3144	Janicia	2013-04-01	Did anyone notice the Walking Dead nod? I remember people writing about the final scene in season two could have been from the Walking Dead. They opened this season with a short 1 minute or so scene then the opening credits. I think they may have done it for the very first episode(S1E01), but just rewatching this episode, the beginning felt exactly like walking dead.My husband and I watched season 2 of GoT recently and then watched the Walking Dead pilot.  My husband was then looking for zombie horses in subsequent Walking Dead episodes.  I thought it was funny he got the two shows mixed up.
3145	JonCon's Red Beard	2013-04-01	5 things I really liked:1, Sansa's dialogue with Shae. It shows that while Sansa is a victim and hostage she is still a bossy highborn girl and I find her preference for pretty lies to truth something that is very in character for herI take it as an indication that she still retains some of her original innocence.
3146	fanderson85	2013-04-01	oops
					
					
							Edited by fanderson85, 01 April 2013 - 03:02 PM.
3147	cybobbie	2013-04-01	whoa. really? the actor died. i hadn't heard. sad news.No, he wasn't an actor. The 'in memory of' was for Martin Kenzie, second unit director and cinematographer.
3148	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	oopsIt's going to be much more difficult for TV Tyrion to justify the murder of TV Shae unless they add in a whole lot of new stuff, it was fairly obvious in the book that Shae was what she was, and that it was Tyrion who was projecting all of his feelings and emotions onto her and there was nothing much in the books to show it was reciprocated, so when she turns on him, its no big surprise.TV Shae is a 'whore with a heart of gold' who cares about Tyrion, wants to run away with him, cares about Sansa and is ready to risk her life for both of them.  How is Tyrion going to be justified in strangling this person who bears no resemblance to the cold gold digger Shae of the books?
3149	Winterfellian	2013-04-01	Am actually surprised to see so many posts of people upset by Sam being portrayed as an idiot for not sending the ravens. Sam is this stupid! He send the ravens with no messages. The importance of Sam's job was that the brothers at the Wall knew that the ranging was under attack by freaking wights and Sam completely botched this up. It doesn't matter if he free the ravens or not.
3150	insertname	2013-04-01	Oh and I'm a bit mad that they're still blowing so much time on completely useless sex scenes. We by far don't have enough time anyway. Do they really think they're going to lose viewers just because we didn't see any nipples for once (As if there wasn't enough focus on nipples in this episode, heh)
3151	Lothar	2013-04-01	Haven't read the whole thing (too afraid site will crash again) - but - what on earth are they going to do with Shae later when the book calls for her to betray Tyrion and sleep with Tywin? I mean, book Shae was an 18 y/o slut whom we never believed loved Tyrion for anything else for his money, and def didn't care about Sansa as she so clearly does on the show.For her to betray Tyrion for money wouldn't make sense anymore. So I'm thinking either she'll sleep with Tywin to protect Tyrion or to get information for him, and have it misinterpreted by Tyrion.That would be one way to take away every ounce of sympathy that viewers feel for Tyrion and make him nothing more than a murderer of an innocent person that loves him.I never thought about it before entering this thread, but someone here mentioned that they might replace Tysha with Shae.  I think that would be brilliant.  There's absolutely no way Tyrion can kill Shae now.  Nobody watching the show not having read the books could ever buy that.
3152	Newstar	2013-04-01	The HBO Viewers' Guide has been updated for Season 3, with updated character descriptions under "Houses." In the new character description for Shae, it reads "She is fiercely devoted to Sansa Stark." (Nothing about her feelings for Tyrion, just that she's listed as Tyrion's "mistress" and she "made an impression" on him.)3x01 also went to some lengths to point out Shae's protectiveness of Sansa, with her smug, even rather possessive "I always do" when Ros asks Shae to watch out for Sansa.I'm really, really curious where the writers are going to go with Shae's "fierce devotion" to Sansa. It seems like a really significant deviation from the books, even more significant than TV Shae's genuine love for Tyrion. Is Shae going to take Sansa's side in the wedding debacle? Is Shae going to help Sansa escape, taking on the "Dontos" role as Sansa's accomplice? Sansa told LF she wouldn't tell anyone about the escape plot, but maybe that could change down the road. Or is this "fierce devotion" going to be turned to anger, jealousy and betrayal when Sansa marries Tyrion?Are the writers setting up a jealousy/revenge motivation for Shae turning on Tyrion and Sansa, where all her warm, devoted feelings are turned sour by Sansa and Tyrion's marriage? Or are the writers setting up Shae choosing Sansa over Tyrion when push comes to shove, helping Sansa escape and/or selling out Tyrion at the trial as a punishment for what his family did to Sansa?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 04:02 PM.
3153	jblair	2013-04-01	I blame HBO. If they had fully committed to the vision - contractually - with MONEY - 15 episodes a season and many, many millions of dollars more an episode. The writers/producers would've had the luxury of being able to more closely follow the book. HBO grosses half a billion a month - it's gross that they won't commit a hundred million+ a year to true art like GOT.Fully committed? "...many, many millions of dollars more an episode" This right here shows you have no idea what you are talking about, or the scale of TV economics."Well E! Online have done some digging, you'll be unsurprised to know, and with shooting taking place in countries as far as Iceland, Croatia and Northern Ireland it's unsurprising that they reckon an average episode of the show costs some $6 million. Rather a sizeable fee, although let's remember that the pilot episode cost a whopping $10 million."And here's an exhaustive report from this website:"Game of Thrones is lavish by any reasonable standard, up there with acclaimed period programs such as Deadwood. Consider the networks: HBOâ<U+0080><U+0099>s productions are positively extravagant compared to their shows. Heroes was considered very expensive at $4 million per episode, and has had cutbacks since. Lost in its first season was rumored to cost about $5 million an episode, and that with quite a large cast and extensive location shooting.Game of Thrones has an extraordinary budget, its reported ÂL30m/$45m budget potentially equivalent to a budget 18-45% higher elsewhere in the world. We think 20-25% higher is the most solid calculation we can support, making fewer assumptions regarding the Paint Hall facility lease, the application of the Film Tax Relief and cash incentive, and simply looking at it primarily in terms of lower production costs due to average wages and such other figures the economic report hints at.Using this middle-of-the-road, safe estimate, it means the ÂL30/$45m production is equivalent to one thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s as expensive as one that osts $5.4-$5.6m per hour in the U.S. In which case, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s absolutely among the â<U+0080><U+009C>A-listâ<U+0080><U+009D> of regular series television productions in the U.S.  and around the world. The series is being hailed as the most expensive hour-long regular television series to ever be filmed in Europe, something which we havenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t verified but so far weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve not found anything to contradict it as of yet.So if youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re worried about the budget? Donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t be. HBOâ<U+0080><U+0099>s investing major funds into this, making the show its second-most expensive regular hour-long series on the air, and its third-most richly budgeted regular hour-long once the cheaper, foreign shooting location, the tax relief, and other production breaks are factored in."http://www.westeros....res/Entry/3988/Not sure what you were expecting, but HBO has hardly skimped.
3154	Brewmaster	2013-04-01	Or is this "fierce devotion" going to be turned to anger, jealousy and betrayal when Sansa marries Tyrion?Yeah, people are really jumping the gun on what Shae and Tyrion's relationship means for Tywin's Bedchamber scene. There is a long ways to go for both characters to get to that point and they have to go through a lot of potential changes. Not the least of which is Tyrion getting married and Shae still being in the picture. That has the potential to spiral out of control even worse if this Shae does have real feelings for Tyrion (which I don't believe is proven either way).Will Tyrion make any attempts to do right by Sansa? Will Shae be ok with that? Even book Shae was pissed about it at times. Will it be part of her betrayal?There's a lot of character development ground to be covered, and probably 2 full seasons (including this one) before we get to that bedchamber.
3155	Loras Stan	2013-04-01	The episode guide also clearly shows only two Tyrell children. So unless they are trying to hide something (Mace and the others have no faces, but are shown on the family tree), Willas and Garlan are officially out.
3156	Er Rn	2013-04-01	Are the writers setting up a jealousy/revenge motivation for Shae turning on Tyrion and Sansa, where all her warm, devoted feelings are turned sour by Sansa and Tyrion's marriage?This is the most likely scenario IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Er Rn, 01 April 2013 - 06:46 PM.
3157	Carcetti	2013-04-01	Wauw i didn't expect that my favorite lines of the episode would come from Joffrey.. "At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time?" (I felt as if he was only semi-kidding there xD) and the other one: "Facts become less and less important to her as she grows...older". cracked me up!
Also loved the entire kraznys exchange which was almost straight from the books, although it did leave me with one question: They didnt have to kill a baby in the book right? I remember they had to raise a puppy and kill it to complete their training or something, but never heard of baby murder.
Great episode overall, and can't wait to see more!
3158	Maizel	2013-04-01	Other than the slowness,l  I think the episode was pretty good.
I didn;t like seeing ghost there though,  and Jon;'s excuse was paper thin, compared to the books.
Sure, it was done to expedite the scene a bit, and Mance climbing the wall and turning up in Winterfell might take precious screentime to explain,  but what they've come up with is just bad, IMO, I would have killed Jon,  if he brought a story like that to me.
The fact that the Halfhands last command is not as clearly established in the series, (it touches upon it, but not clearly),  combined with a pretty silly reason to defect the NW,  make Jon seem a bit less, Jon to me.
All these changes makes me believe we're never, ever going to see all 7 books of ASOIAF, or however more it may take to tell the story, on the small screen.   I'm actually thinking Season 4 may be the last. 
A BIG plus,  for knocking on the 3rd wall though.  
''They said you'd lost your nose, but it's not as gruesome as all that''
I loved that.
					
					
							Edited by Maizel, 01 April 2013 - 06:53 PM.
3159	SerMixalot	2013-04-01	nitpick a little, but Sam by this point in the books had achieved a certain ability, like tending the birds. IIRC he was able to get a few ravens away.  Show Sam they made a point of him not doing his duty (though being out on poop patrol, certainly would have caused that lax),  I just hate when they make these subtle non necessary changes to characters.  still hope Sam becomes the slayer!
3160	SerMixalot	2013-04-01	and i think the show benefited by concentrating on a few story arcs and leavng aryas and jamies' till next week helped significantly with the pacig, overall  I was very pleased with the episode  even had Salador Saan in it, I wish he could be a bigger part of the story as I lve the actor, he chews up hs scene
3161	Lord Varys	2013-04-01	There is no Shae betrayal. Tyrion gets arrested and accused of Joffrey's murder, and Shae is forced to testify against him. End of story. Sleeping with Tywin is no 'betrayal' either, since Tyrion was already a dead man walking at this time.
As to the Sansa-Shae relationship: That's going to cause major trouble when Tyrion and Sansa are forced to marry.
3162	ImplicationsUnpleasant	2013-04-01	So, let's recap. At the end of the last episode of season 2, Edd Tollet, Grenn, and Sam are close to the wall picking up shit in some baskets, then the others attack, Edd and Grenn run towards the wall, and Sam is left behind.
Now, at the begining of season 3 first episode, most of the Night Watch members, including Edd, Grenn and Sam that were supposedly close to the wall, are now magically someplace away from the wall (they even state that they have to reach the wall to warn the rest of the Night Watch of the attack).
Now, could someone explain what the hell happened here? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
3163	WhiteGuts	2013-04-01	and i think the show benefited by concentrating on a few story arcs and leavng aryas and jamies' till next week helped significantly with the pacig, overall  I was very pleased with the episode  even had Salador Saan in it, I wish he could be a bigger part of the story as I lve the actor, he chews up hs scene This was a major issue with the first episodes in S2. They learned from their mistakes.
					
					
							Edited by WhiteGuts, 01 April 2013 - 07:19 PM.
3164	cybobbie	2013-04-01	I really enjoyed the first episode and despite the changes made and others that might come, I don't get too upset about it because after season one I decided to see the show an an adaptation on the books with the writers facing a very hard task to put loads of characters and events in 10 episodes (what I know many complaint is too few, but it's how it is, it won't change). So when I decided to separate the books from the show, I started to enjoy the series much more. And this happens on all books adaptations that I've seem on the small or big screen so far, I mean we will never experience on the screens what we do in the books, at least IMO. So, considering this, my only kind of complaint about the first episode was the lack of the battle in the Fist of the First Men, only because I was kind of excited to see it. However I do understand the cost issue.
As for Sam, I still believe that they will work more on his character and make him closer to the book's Sam since his role is really important, but again, they may change it too. Like many here I loved the Tywin/Tyrion scene, great acting from both as usual. Other cool scene for me was Dany with the Unsullied.
3165	rystine	2013-04-01	So, let's recap. At the end of the last episode of season 2, Edd Tollet, Grenn, and Sam are close to the wall picking up shit in some baskets, then the others attack, Edd and Grenn run towards the wall, and Sam is left behind.Now, at the begining of season 3 first episode, most of the Night Watch members, including Edd, Grenn and Sam that were supposedly close to the wall, are now magically someplace away from the wall (they even state that they have to reach the wall to warn the rest of the Night Watch of the attack).Now, could someone explain what the hell happened here? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />They were never anywhere near the wall in season 2, they were near the Fist of the First Men, a hill top fortress several thousand years old that is several hundred miles north of  the wall.When we see them at the beginning of season 3 they are still nearby the Fist.
					
					
							Edited by rystine, 01 April 2013 - 07:26 PM.
3166	shiola	2013-04-01	The threads are loading again for me YAYY.  I can't wait to read all the discussion on here.  Just gonna post my thoguhts first.The bad:Disappointed with the portrayal of the wildlings in general, especially Tormund Giantsbane & Mance Rayder. Disappointed that there wasn't the story about Mance seeing the feast at Winterfell, and Jon explaining his reason for joining the wildlings. Thought the ending was very weak and not a cliffhanger at all for non book readers.  My friend had no idea who Barristan was.I don't like that Sam didn't send off any ravens, I don't understand the point of not only changing that but specifically stating it.Ros having some weird job with Littlefinger. Unless she ends up taking over Dontos' role in the books, which is my prediction for her.The good:The dialogue between Cersei and Tyrion, and Tyrion and Tywin. Tons of chemistry between Peter and Lena and Charles.Peter's acting in general.Sophie's acting; her facial expressions during her scene with Littlefinger.Roose Bolton being present.Barristan Selmy being present.The scene with Dany, Missandei, and Kraznys.The wildling camp and their costumes.
3167	Arya rules	2013-04-01	If the purists are upset by this then I'll laugh. Nout wrong with this change.  R.E. Arya recognized by LittlefingerI asked George personally about this 2 weeks ago and he said LF did not recognize Arya at Harrenhaal.  It seemed that the director went out of his way to show LF in a moment of recognition.  Did G double R intentionally mislead?
					
					
							Edited by Arya rules, 01 April 2013 - 07:28 PM.
3168	SerMixalot	2013-04-01	btw when was the qyburn reveal i missed that
3169	Reposado	2013-04-01	A BIG plus,  for knocking on the 3rd wall though.  I loved that.in the nitpicking tradition of this thread, 4th wallThis was a major issue with the first episodes in S2. They learned from their mistakes.i hope so and i read an interview where they seem to be aware of this. not sure if the first episode really showed that thoughRos having some weird job with Littlefinger. Unless she ends up taking over Dontos' role in the books, which is my prediction for her.yeah this is wierd. just another excuse to keep her around. what does she do that requires following him around?btw when was the qyburn reveal i missed thathe whispered it to robb,robb asked who he was, and he answered, it was quiet though
					
					
							Edited by Reposado, 01 April 2013 - 07:40 PM.
3170	rystine	2013-04-01	R.E. Arya recognized by LittlefingerI asked George personally about this 2 weeks ago and he said LF did not recognize Arya at Harrenhaal.  It seemed that the director went out of his way to show LF in a moment of recognition.  Did G double R intentionally mislead?It's entirely possible that he did intentionally mislead.  It's no fun spoiling a potential future plot point.I had the impression from the day that episode aired that Littlefinger recognized Arya.  I guess I didn't realize there was any serious debate about that, haha.
3171	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	btw when was the qyburn reveal i missed thatRobb finds him in Harrenhal.
3172	Ser Wun Wun	2013-04-01	I don't think LF recognized Arya either.  He is just manipulating Sansa with lies the same way he manipulated Cat when he told her that both of her daughters were in KL.  Sansa saying 'please Lord Baelish, tell me what to do' is exactly the result LF wanted out of that conversation, and telling her that he could get her home to both her mother and Arya is how he got it. He clearly wants her feeling dependent on his advise and guidance, which isn't any different from the books really.
3173	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	I don't think LF recognized Arya either.  He is just manipulating Sansa with lies the same way he manipulated Cat when he told her that both of her daughters were in KL.  Sansa saying 'please Lord Baelish, tell me what to do' is exactly the result LF wanted out of that conversation, and telling her that he could get her home to both her mother and Arya is how he got it.He clearly wants her feeling dependent on his advise and guidance, which isn't any different from the books really.Exactly.  If TV Littlefinger had really recognized Arya, while he may not have done something right at that instant, he wouldn't have just gone on about his business for months on end, doing nothing to secure her for himself.  I thought they played the scene to add a little mystery for the TV only audience, but I mean by now, clearly LF has done nothing about Arya so he never saw her.
3174	-Ghost-	2013-04-01	LF never tells Sansa that Arya is alive. He says something about Cat wanting to see them both or something and Sansa asks him if Arya is alive and he never answers. He just let's her think it. I don't think he knew that was Arya.
3175	Statman	2013-04-01	I blame HBO. If they had fully committed to the vision - contractually - with MONEY - 15 episodes a season and many, many millions of dollars more an episode. The writers/producers would've had the luxury of being able to more closely follow the book. HBO grosses half a billion a month - it's gross that they won't commit a hundred million+ a year to true art like GOT. The producers are on record as saying they can't make more than 10 episodes a season and debut once a year because it takes so much time to scout, film and edit everything.  And HBO owes you nothing.  Be glad that the show is even on that channel instead of some awful channel like SyFy.
3176	Statman	2013-04-01	Now my question is: Why these books have to be butchered like that? HBO is a shame. No more comments. You realize that HBO is permitted some creative liberties in producing the show right?  It would be awkward as hell to see Peter Dinklage with a fake prosthetic nose the entire season so who cares if his nose isn't shown as it is in the book?  The condition of his nose is a total non-event and nitpicks like this is why the producers have called some of us "book fundamentalists."
3177	rystine	2013-04-01	The producers are on record as saying they can't make more than 10 episodes a season and debut once a year because it takes so much time to scout, film and edit everything.  And HBO owes you nothing.  Be glad that the show is even on that channel instead of some awful channel like SyFy.Was it on winteriscoming.net, that D&D did a recent interview in which they said they are able to get the final edits of their episodes to HBO barely an hour or so before the deadlines?  As much as we fans may want it, I think we have to accept that more than 10 episodes a year is impossible.  Given the size of the cast and crew, and varied locations, shooting one season of GoT is basically the equivalent of three or four big motion pictures.  Honestly we're lucky to get what we do.
3178	ImplicationsUnpleasant	2013-04-01	They were never anywhere near the wall in season 2, they were near the Fist of the First Men, a hill top fortress several thousand years old that is several hundred miles north of  the wall.When we see them at the beginning of season 3 they are still nearby the Fist.I know what is the fist, i even read the books, but wait... They were near the fist? How could i get confused with that? /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
3179	rystine	2013-04-01	I know what is the fist, i even read the books, but wait... They were near the fist? How could i get confused with that? /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />I suppose they didn't really make it clear in the show that Sam, Edd, Grenn, Old Bear, and rest had just stayed at the fist and never returned to the wall.  Thinking about it, it was probably only a short shot in the final scene of season 2 that showed the fist, easily missed if you weren't closely looking for it.
3180	King Cheops	2013-04-01	yeah this is wierd. just another excuse to keep her around. what does she do that requires following him around?Ros is LF's second in command or at least some sort of middle management.  This is revealed in Season 2 where we see her giving one of the whores shit for making too much noise and introducing the new girl to the business.  LF is moving up in the world so he needs a support structure to keep everything running.Also Ros appears to have been recruited by Varrys so it is likely that she is coming up with reasons to follow LF around so she can report to Varrys.
3181	boojam	2013-04-01	Not sure what you were expecting, but HBO has hardly skimped.Between HBO and the BBC 100 million was put up for the first season of ROME and it looked it.I don't know how much HBO put up for the 10 episode second season of ROME.At first they lost money, then after all was done complained that they should have continued ROME because they raked in big profits on DVD sales.(Same with Deadwood.)
3182	Statman	2013-04-01	Was it on winteriscoming.net, that D&D did a recent interview in which they said they are able to get the final edits of their episodes to HBO barely an hour or so before the deadlines?  I can't remember where I read that quote, but they have said it more than once IIRC.  I will see if I can find some links.
3183	The Anti-Targ	2013-04-01	Still really disappointed at the decision to drop ser Dontos' part in the Sansa escape plan/conspiracy. Would be much better for Sansa's benefactor to remain a mystery all the way into S4.
The worst adaptational changes from S2 were exposed here in the consequential compromises necessary for the story to maintain some sort of coherancy. And the weaknesses are plain for all to see, even those who haven't a clue about the books (TWOP Unsullied), screwed up timelines, unconvincing motiviations, difficult to suspend disbelief escapes (Sam). I thought Cersei admitting to the incestuous conception of her children to Tyrion last season was weak, and I thought the "pay off" scene between Cersei and Tyrion this episode gained nothing by having that little "slander" be part of the mix.
Loved the Dragons. I hope the spikes on Drogons back space out a bit, otherwise Dany is going to have a helluva time riding him.
I was hoping for Barristan's ID to remain unknown to Dany and Jorah at least through most of S3, i.e. Barristan should have had a big ole' santa beard and long scraggily hair. Barristan needed to assess Dany before he truly committed to her. Sure we of the book didn't know (well I didn't) Arstan was Barristan so we were as ignorant as Dany and Jorah. But it would have been fun to watch things unfold. It kind of makes Barristan not revealing Jorah's treachery early on a bit problematic. Though arguably, because of the way they kept Barristan out of the small council in the TV show, they could play it that Barristan doesn't absolutely know about Jorah's role as spy for king Bob. But then if Barristan doesn't know about Jorah's original purpose for hooking up with Dany and Viserys, how would that get revealed? So clearly Barristan must know, and keeping that knowledge from dany for a single day is disloyality. So Barristan revealing himself immediately is problematic.
And I can't for the life of me understand why they didn't cast Strong Belwas, a fan favourite character who takes up almost no story time of his own.
Tormund great!
Giant(s) great!
Tyrion/Tywin scene brilliant!
Unsullied, Missandei and Kraznys were great. I do wish the scene following had Dany fuming a little at being called a whore, so that people know Dany could understand what Kraznys was saying. But maybe the reveal that Dany knows a bit of Valyrian will come next episode.
Harrenhal scene was almost a waste of time. Robb and Catelyn need to get to Riverrun ASAP to get that plotline going, so Robb at Harrenhal was simply an excuse to get Robb on screen, and to put Roose at Harrenhal. But that could simply have been mentioned at Robb's war council back in Riverrun. Would have preferred to see Arya and the lads for that minute or so talking about needing to get to Riverrun.
3184	SerMixalot	2013-04-01	Strong Belwas:  In Memoriam-  You made perhaps the best fighter in Westeros your squire-  To you, the terrifying Dothraki are merely "horse boys"-  You withstood the mounted charge of the Meereenese champion, quickly dispatched him, and decided the next most appropriate step was to shit on the battlefield.-  You ate a bowlful of poisoned locusts.  Sure you got sick and lost some weight, but no locust can defeat Strong Belwas.Strong Belwas you will be missed.  I do hope D&D ate liver and onions after writing this episode."Come on cut me, before I kill youi!"  Me loves me some Stong Belly!
3185	Rohanne	2013-04-01	Actually, the episode wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.Pro's:Tywin/Tyrion scene - two great actors knocking it out of the park, nailing the dysfunctional mess that is Family in Tywin's house.  (Tywin/Cersei scene was also well done in a more understated, adult sibling rivalry with Tyrion's understandable resentment over his sister's attempt to have him killed)Dany and her dragons; great scene on the boat.Actually, all of Dany's scenes; they took her straight into some action this season.Margaery sashaying around stealing Cersei's thunder and bewildering Joffrey (he hasn't figured out how to deal with her, which is probably all to the good in terms of Margaery's mental and physical health, thankfully, she's much brighter and older/more sophisticated than Joffrey).Cool Giant among the Wildlings!Barristan is Back!Cons:The Stannis scene dragged; I don't remember book-Stannis being such a wet blanket.  I hope we don't see Ros in every episode; but at least she had her clothes on this time.  Bronn/whore/scene; useless.  Intro of Mance Everard also dragged; either the writing or Ciaran Hinds have sucked the life out of the vibrant Manse Everard.The nasty slave-master's comment about Jorah smelling of urine, what was that?  Does Jorah have a  problem or was the slave-master just indulging his general Evil as he was in referring to Dany as a whore?Not enough Ghost!I would imagine that Shae will eventually betray Tyrion because in the TV show she actually loves him; and she will become angry that he marries Sansa (and angry at Sansa as well, since she has actually helped and protected the girl).This was my thinking as well. She actually does love Tyrion (and possibly believes they will marry someday), and even cares for Sansa, so when she finds out they are getting married she will feel utterly betrayed. So, maybe this would lead her character to do and say whatever to get back at Tyrion.
3186	Florina Laufeyson	2013-04-01	LF never tells Sansa that Arya is alive. He says something about Cat wanting to see them both or something and Sansa asks him if Arya is alive and he never answers. He just let's her think it. I don't think he knew that was Arya.THIS. Please, people, stop thinking LF has all the goddamn answers! |:[Harrenhal scene was almost a waste of time.No. And the reasons are these: ROOSE and Qyburn.
3187	wolverine	2013-04-01	You realize that HBO is permitted some creative liberties in producing the show right?  It would be awkward as hell to see Peter Dinklage with a fake prosthetic nose the entire season so who cares if his nose isn't shown as it is in the book?  The condition of his nose is a total non-event and nitpicks like this is why the producers have called some of us "book fundamentalists."The condition of the nose is a non-event at this point, since Dinklage is way too good looking and athletic for Tyrion anyway.There has been some talk about how could Tyrion kill Shae in the cold blooded way he does in the book.  I don't think he will. IMO show Tyrion is way way more sympathetic than book Tyrion.  I don't think they want to make one of their most popular characters look as bad as that could look.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 01 April 2013 - 08:34 PM.
3188	rystine	2013-04-01	So I'm re watching on HBO2 right now.  Catelyn, as big and important a character as she is, says literally five words in the entire episode. . .
3189	kraziness	2013-04-01	I guess I'm too much of a purist.  I had been looking forward to S3, and was quickly reminded why it frustrated me so much last year.  When it's good, it's great (like the Tywin/Tyrion exchange), but man it's frustrating to see such powerful moments from the books changed/removed from the show.  Even cutting the Battle at the Fist, they changed things for reasons I can't see.  Why NOT have Sam get a few of the Ravens off?!  Ok, so you're making him look even more pathetic so that he can have an especially powerful "slayer" moment?  It cheeses up a story that was already perfectly redemptive.
And the Mance/Jon meeting- Jon's explanation in the book was beautifully done, playing off Mance's story perfectly.  But then again, it reminds me about hating what they did to that whole arc from last year, Jon getting captured by Ygritte, Ghost not helping him kill Halfhand...
And why not have Tyrion lose his nose?  Or at least a big scar on his nose.  They could easily make something look good/consistent.
I guess I'm a curmudgeon.  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />    But I'm going to try to accept that they know what they're doing and that each change is for a purpose and will make sense in time.
					
					
							Edited by kraziness, 01 April 2013 - 08:34 PM.
3190	Newstar	2013-04-01	I don't think LF recognized Arya either.  He is just manipulating Sansa with lies the same way he manipulated Cat when he told her that both of her daughters were in KL.  Sansa saying 'please Lord Baelish, tell me what to do' is exactly the result LF wanted out of that conversation, and telling her that he could get her home to both her mother and Arya is how he got it.He clearly wants her feeling dependent on his advise and guidance, which isn't any different from the books really.Here's the LF quote in question: "I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you. And your sister."The LF quote is interesting, because there are two ways to interpret it:1. "I saw your mother not long ago. (She's very eager to see you.) And your sister." = "I saw Catelyn and Arya not long ago, and Catelyn's very eager to see you" (kind of implies Catelyn and Arya are in the same place as well)2. "I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you, and your sister." = "I saw Catelyn not long ago, and she's very eager to see you and Arya."#2 is technically true (Catelyn really is eager to see both Arya and Sansa), but Sansa was desperate to believe that her sister's alive and well, so she went with #1. Note that Littlefinger never actually answers her when she asks "Arya's alive?" He just sort of smiles knowingly, seemingly confirming her interpretation but not saying anything....It's probably the smartest thing TV Littlefinger has ever said. Very devious, actually, since he's not technically lying but he is successfully misleading Sansa. And it works, because Sansa wants to believe that Arya's alive and safe so badly that she'll eat it up without asking any questions.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 08:35 PM.
3191	Cas Stark	2013-04-01	It's TV, Tyrion isn't going to lose his nose for the same reason Peter Dinklage doesn't have one black eye and one green eye and a hideously ugly face the way Tyrion Lannister in the book does.
3192	wolverine	2013-04-01	And why not have Tyrion lose his nose?  Or at least a big scar on his nose.  They could easily make something look good/consistent.I seem to be one of the few who thinks it is actually an important part of Tyrion's character to be very ugly, which Dinklage is not.EDIT:  Dinklage is still awesome just wish he was uglier and less mobile.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 01 April 2013 - 08:38 PM.
3193	Valya of Myr	2013-04-01	I havent seen it yet, uh! in italy it'll be airing in May! /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
do you think the Red Wedding will be in the third season?
I'm not sure they will make it, there are sooo many things that happen before that..
i'm asking because my cousin has a crush on Robb and still has to deal with.. you know. /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
3194	kraziness	2013-04-01	It's TV, Tyrion isn't going to lose his nose for the same reason Peter Dinklage doesn't have one black eye and one green eye and a hideously ugly face the way Tyrion Lannister in the book does.Great point!  Why NOT give him a brown contact?  Seriously, it'd add, what?  $100 to their budget?!Reminds me about Mance, at one point he (glammered to be Rattleshirt) destroys Jon in the yard at the Wall... I just don't buy that old man doing it.  lolBut I'm sounding a lot more whiny than I mean to.  It was well done, I just HATE when things seem like they're change for the sake of change and I don't see the point.
3195	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-01	Purists or not, can anyone tell me how the condition of Tyrion's nose has any material effect on the show?  Be realistic.  The show can never parallel to books.  To expect it to do so, is irrational.
3196	kraziness	2013-04-01	I seem to be one of the few who thinks it is actually an important part of Tyrion's character to be very ugly, which Dinklage is not.EDIT:  Dinklage is still awesome just wish he was uglier and less mobile.I can get over the "looks" that Dinklage is good looking... hey, what are you gonna do when the right actor just doesn't have the perfect look?  But I think they could at least give him some contacts and a scar that makes him look pretty bad, not just a straight gash down his forehead/cheek.
3197	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-04-01	I initially missed the Qyburn introduction, largely because I'd never heard his name actually pronounced (I'd always imagined kwy-burn, not kee-burn).
3198	wolverine	2013-04-01	Purists or not, can anyone tell me how the condition of Tyrion's nose has any material effect on the show?  Be realistic.  The show can never parallel to books.  To expect it to do so, is irrational.No I don't think it really affects the show.  But him being particularly grotesque (even before the scarring) makes a difference in the books IMO.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 01 April 2013 - 08:53 PM.
3199	Wun Drop	2013-04-01	Maybe book-Tyrion is just as handsome as Peter Dinkledge, but nobody around him perceives him that way, because of their society's prejudice against dwarfs?
3200	wolverine	2013-04-01	Maybe book-Tyrion is just as handsome as Peter Dinkledge, but nobody around him perceives him that way, because of their society's prejudice against dwarfs?And he perpetuates that perception on himself in his POV chapters...
3201	lostinwesteros	2013-04-01	I realize I'm in the minority but I was left with a good bit of disappointment after this first episode, even after watching it three consecutive times.  I kept wanting it to get better.I liked the Astapor scenes and loved seeing the dragons-close up, and I thought the Tywin v. Tyrion scene was fantastic (and true to the book -- made me want them to hurry up with the cross bow scene already!), but I was pretty bummed about most of the rest of it.  Not terribly disgruntled but just generally let down.  Many of the other scenes I thought were either pointless or slow-moving.  I thought the Margaery/orphanage scene was unrealistic, the Bronn scene served no purpose, and the battle scene of FoFM and Others was nearly non-existent. I'm not terribly sold on the choice for Mance to begin with but thought his scene with Jon fell flat.    The first two seasons were just SO good, and I think the quality of this one was just substantially inferior.   /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
3202	Jon-Michael Pearson	2013-04-01	Harrenhall as been way different in the books then the show from the beginning, Arayn does not even meet Tywin in the books.
 Plus the reason why she does not meet Rob's Army in the show is becuase they take back roads and go through the woods and such not.
 The whole way Theon lost Winterfall is different as well in the show it is Iron born that kncok him out and give him over and that is not how the books go.
 I saw season 1 and 2 before I read the books then I read all 5 books and they are differnt, the books are better but I look forward to the show and see where they go. It is fun to compare but you all should no by know the show is  going to be different.  
  The show Renly was gay ( not in the book)    The whole Xaro Xohan in Quarth  is way different in the book then the show. There a lot of changes but it is what it is.
3203	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-04-01	The Margaery/orphanage scene is there to establish her skill in public relations: she's Cersei's foil. As for Bronn, he's becoming corrupted by luxury, setting him up for his later turn on Tyrion.
3204	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2013-04-01	The show Renly was gay ( not in the book)   Book Renly is gay.
3205	Reposado	2013-04-01	Purists or not, can anyone tell me how the condition of Tyrion's nose has any material effect on the show?  Be realistic.  The show can never parallel to books.  To expect it to do so, is irrational.well it ruins the handless and noseless line
3206	Loras Stan	2013-04-01	The show Renly was gay ( not in the book)    Renly has always been gay, book and show. It's just more explicit in the show, as neither Loras nor Renly were ever provided a POV.
3207	kraziness	2013-04-01	No I don't think it really affects the show.  But him being particularly grotesque (even before the scarring) makes a difference in the books IMO.Agree, it doesn't impact the show necessarily but it is very much a part of the character after Blackwater Bay.  He's constantly thinking about it, scratching at it, having people point it out to him... that's all.
3208	wolverine	2013-04-01	I realize I'm in the minority but I was left with a good bit of disappointment after this first episode, even after watching it three consecutive times.  I kept wanting it to get better.I liked the Astapor scenes and loved seeing the dragons-close up, and I thought the Tywin v. Tyrion scene was fantastic (and true to the book -- made me want them to hurry up with the cross bow scene already!), but I was pretty bummed about most of the rest of it.  Not terribly disgruntled but just generally let down.  Many of the other scenes I thought were either pointless or slow-moving.  I thought the Margaery/orphanage scene was unrealistic, the Bronn scene served no purpose, and the battle scene of FoFM and Others was nearly non-existent. I'm not terribly sold on the choice for Mance to begin with but thought his scene with Jon fell flat.	The first two seasons were just SO good, and I think the quality of this one was just substantially inferior.   /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />I didn't think it was awesome, but it wasn't too bad either.
3209	Lord Godric	2013-04-01	The show Renly was gay ( not in the book)   You must be new here /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3210	Newstar	2013-04-01	Maybe book-Tyrion is just as handsome as Peter Dinkledge, but nobody around him perceives him that way, because of their society's prejudice against dwarfs?Well, GRRM said in an interview not too long ago that Book Tyrion is unattractive (presumably pre-Blackwater as well) while Peter Dinklage is quite good-looking, but when the ASOIAF POVs talk in any detail about the reasons for Tyrion's ugliness (pre-Blackwater), it's referencing physical traits Peter Dinklage and other achondroplastic dwarfs share (big foreheads, e.g.). So it's a bit inconsistent, really.Book Tyrion also has the mismatched eyes, which I don't know that I would call ugly in of themselves (Shiera Seastar had them, too), and the weird white blond/black hair colour, certainly probably tip the scales towards "unatttractive." Book Tyrion also waddles, which TV Tyrion does not (despite TV Tywin referring to Tyrion as "waddling about.")
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 09:25 PM.
3211	teemo	2013-04-01	I think they are able to get away with TV!Tyrion not being physically hideous because that's not the only thing that makes him so repulsive and unnatural to people.  He's a dwarf, so that constitutes plenty of abuse, regardless of how his face may look.  Now if Tyrion was a non-dwarf ugly man and handsome as hell in the show, that would be a serious issue.
3212	Newstar	2013-04-01	Now if Tyrion was a non-dwarf ugly man and handsome as hell in the show, that would be a serious issue.Mileage varies on this, but isn't that the case for Book Jorah versus TV Jorah?
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 09:26 PM.
3213	wolverine	2013-04-01	Mileage varies on this, but isn't that the case for Book Jorah versus TV Jorah??Maybe show Jorah has drowned out book Jorah for me, but what are the glaring differences?  Show Jorah is calmer and smaller?
3214	teemo	2013-04-01	Mileage varies on this, but isn't that the case for Book Jorah versus TV Jorah?Yep...and it is kind of is a serious issue, but it gets some leeway because Jorah isn't nearly as important of a character as Tyrion.  However, as a girl (who does swing both ways, actually), I find it much harder to believe that Dany would be unattracted to Iain Glen's portrayal, considering he's hot as hell, compared to nasty, hairy book Jorah.  But it's also easy to rationalize by saying that Jorah is more of a father figure to her, and he's not a sexy badass in the way Drogo or Daario (ha!) is, so yeah..?Maybe show Jorah has drowned out book Jorah for me, but what are the glaring differences?  Show Jorah is calmer and smaller?Book Jorah is very ugly, lol.
					
					
							Edited by thepinkviper, 01 April 2013 - 09:30 PM.
3215	Valya of Myr	2013-04-01	Maybe book-Tyrion is just as handsome as Peter Dinkledge, but nobody around him perceives him that way, because of their society's prejudice against dwarfs?What a deep thought /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />
3216	SerMixalot	2013-04-01	Here's the LF quote in question: "I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you. And your sister."The LF quote is interesting, because there are two ways to interpret it:1. "I saw your mother not long ago. (She's very eager to see you.) And your sister." = "I saw Catelyn and Arya not long ago, and Catelyn's very eager to see you" (kind of implies Catelyn and Arya are in the same place as well)2. "I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you, and your sister." = "I saw Catelyn not long ago, and she's very eager to see you and Arya."#2 is technically true (Catelyn really is eager to see both Arya and Sansa), but Sansa was desperate to believe that her sister's alive and well, so she went with #1. Note that Littlefinger never actually answers her when she asks "Arya's alive?" He just sort of smiles knowingly, seemingly confirming her interpretation but not saying anything....It's probably the smartest thing TV Littlefinger has ever said. Very devious, actually, since he's not technically lying but he is successfully misleading Sansa. And it works, because Sansa wants to believe that Arya's alive and safe so badly that she'll eat it up without asking any questions.i think there is a 3rd way to look at it, LF was plumbing whether Sansa knew anything about Arya, like was she hiding something from him.
3217	Newstar	2013-04-01	Yep...and it is kind of is a serious issue, but it gets some leeway because Jorah isn't nearly as important of a character as Tyrion.  However, as a girl (wh does swing both ways, actually), I find it much harder to believe that Dany would be unattracted to Iain Glen's portrayal, considering he's hot as hell, compared to nasty, hairy book Jorah.  But it's also easy to rationalize by saying that Jorah is more of a father figure to her, and he's not a sexy badass in the way Drogo or Daario (ha!) is, so yeah..Well, Iain Glen, despite being hot as hell, is still middle-aged. He looks every one of his 51 years. So I think age is more of a factor than any supposed problem with his looks, and it certainly plays into the father figure thing.
					
					
							Edited by Newstar, 01 April 2013 - 11:20 PM.
3218	Ross2013	2013-04-01	i think there is a 3rd way to look at it, LF was plumbing whether Sansa knew anything about Arya, like was she hiding something from him.thats how I looked at it.  he was fishing..
3219	winterstood	2013-04-02	"Since I can't prove that you are not mine." - Tywin to TyrionThat little line isn't in the book is it? I don't recall it, and it seems to me like a little nod toward the A+J =T, if not just fanning the flames of a red herring. I don't  remember Twyin ever voicing any suspiscion that Tyrion isn't his other than wishing his son wasn't a dwarf, and being ashamed that he was. This little scene is the first I know where Tywin suggests he has doubts of actual blood between him and Tyrion.I think in Tywin's mind, A+J=T was true but in reality the converse was true: A+J=C+J. and that Tyrion is in fact Tywin's only true son. Just like that lady told Jaime at war council.
3220	winterstood	2013-04-02	The producers are on record as saying they can't make more than 10 episodes a season and debut once a year because it takes so much time to scout, film and edit everything.  And HBO owes you nothing.  Be glad that the show is even on that channel instead of some awful channel like SyFy.I never said HBO owed me anything so I'm not even sure where that comment is coming from. and if their budget was increased they'd most certainly be able to film more episodes because they could afford more directors (d-unit;e-unit; etc) shooting in parallel.
3221	Lyana	2013-04-02	Finally the wait is over and winter has come. I've counted the days and now ... it's on!
I have some minor remarks, but was sooooo tremendously happy the show is finally on, that I have to watch it again to pay attention to all the small details, which make this show so awesome.
But generally, here are some random thoughts in order of appearance:
- WW / Wights / Sam / Ghost (?#@???) - Sooo, last time the show left us with a shaking and scared Sam Tarly and a bunch of vicious White Walkers and marching Whights. And just as I thought for the moment they will pull off the whole "slayer" scene ... whoops ... there comes Ghost. So that was a WTPh moment. Definitely awkward. I thought I saw Ghost last time with Jon and Qhorin Halfhand deep into the wildlings territory. But I assume that Ghost has decided to take the black and go back to the Nights Watch. Some weak moment without the proper set up ... but I could let it go I guess. I am also a bit confused about the whole handling of the battle situation. I know it's all about the budget issues not showing the actual battle, but it is a bit strange how Sam has managed to escape this awful situation he was caught into at the end of season two. 
- Jon / Ygritte / Tormund / Mance - So here it is ... the show starts immediately with the story development without losing any precious time. Ygritte was cool as always and the giant was impressive. The Tormund-Jon exchange was handled very well and the moment when Jon went down on his knees I burst out laughing. I was a bit disappointed about not being true to the book exactly in this scene ... but I guess Mance coundn't have seen Jon at the feast in Winterfell, cause he was outside whole the time. It would have been a nice touch but still confusing to the TV audience tho. It was the most D and D could have done out of this situation so .. kudos. Nice scene overall.
- Bronn / Podrick - At first I thought ... aughhh unnecessary ... but then as I saw it the second time I think it was handled nicely - show some typical HBO and introduce to us Bronn and Podrick in case we have forgotten about them. And the Bronn / Meryn Trant dialogue after that was spot on.
- The Tyrion / Cersei scene was not the finest, but it shows the changed dynamic in their relationship. The roles have switched and Tyrion has to adapt himself to the new situation. The following scene with Bronn was ... well Tyrion and Bronn - nothing could go wrong when they two are on screen together. Miss Varys tho.
- Davos / Salladhor - The scene was a smooth introduction to the current Stannis situation, giving the viewers a bit of information about the exiled king and reminding them who actually Stannis is and what is he doing after the Black Water battle. The dialogue between Davos and Salladhor is very well written and it's a nice scene overall.
- Robb (no KitN s/o ?) / Roose / Catelyn / the new wife (forgot her name) - Well I have to say I am surprised no one shouted "King in the North" this time as we saw King Robb. Foreshadowing much? I was actually really confused after this scene and as I read on the thread I see I'm not the only one. The story was somehow too fast-paced imho. I had to recall what happened at the previous season and the book to try to explain to myself what were all these corpses doing there. And suddenly ... the King decides mommy must go to prison as he sees all the dead bodies. A bit unconvincing but .. I could still buy it. And of course we see the new hot wife for a little bit in case we have forgotten she exists. The Roos / Karstark dialogue was a nice touch tho and introducing Qyburn was a pleasant surprise. Bur overall ... a weak start for the young wolf.
- Here comes the highlight of the episode - the Tywin / Tyrion scene. We see somehow the resemblance and the big difference between the two. They detest and admire each other at the same time. Peter is one whole with his character and we see the whole bitterness literally glare through his body. We finally get to see Tywin as the as*****e he is. For a moment I thought they are going to make us actually like Tywin at season two and make him a decent person. So generally Charles Dance and Peter Dinklage has done an outstanding job and delivered us the best performance in this episode.
- Sansa / Shae / Littlefinger / Ross - Not the best scene ever I would say. But we are reminded about the Littlefinger / Sansa plot. The Shae / Ross dialogue was a bit annoying but I didn't mind it after all. I'm also wandering if Petyr has recognized Arya at Harrenhal and is playin his little games now. Still waiting for Sansa to become a player.
-  Aaaand here comes the queen! Bow down, bit***s! The scenes in Astapor were surprisingly well handled after the season two Quarth  fiasco. I liked all of it - dragons, Ser Jorah's puppy look, the whole bargaining dialogue (we could tell she understood what they were talking about, yeah) and of course the early, but I would say necessary revealing of Ser Barristan. Everything well written and straight to the point - kudos. 
- Stannis definitely not the Mannis / Mel /Davos - I try really, really hard to convince my boyfriend (a non-book reader) that Stannis is a cool guy. I have almost succeeded at the Blackwater episode .... But the TV script somehow manages to throw my whole attempts out of the window. Obviously the TV Stannis (although better looking somehow) is some puppet in Mel's hands, who didn't care about his close friend, who has named the Hand of the King. I sincerely hope we have same better character development as the show goes on.
- Joffrey / Margaery (did I read a Kate Middleton comparison somewhere?) / Cersei - I loved it how Joffrey is attempting to behave himself more mannish because of Margaery. One could tell he likes her but make no mistake ... she is definitely not Sansa. And Joff and Cersei kow that very well. The whole charity thing was very well handled politically. It is obvious this one is aiming for the big game. Watch out, Cersei ... new qeen in da house /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Overall it was a godt episode with nice set up and good writing, but the visual part could have definitely been more impressive. Compared to the pilot episode from the previous season, this one did not have many visual eye-candies. But still very excited! Can't wait for the next one /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
3222	victim	2013-04-02	Only part that confused me was when Tywin said: "I have Seven Kingdoms to run, three of which are in open rebellion."
I counted four: North, Riverlands, Iron Islands and Stormlands/Dragonstone.
3223	Arrogant Bastard	2013-04-02	Only part that confused me was when Tywin said: "I have Seven Kingdoms to run, three of which are in open rebellion."I counted four: North, Riverlands, Iron Islands and Stormlands/Dragonstone.Correct me if I'm wrong, but do the Riverlands count as a kingdom? I'm only basing this off of Robert's "making the eight" speech in season one, as he said all seven kingdoms plus the Riverlands.
3224	Ferrum Aeternum	2013-04-02	Although I liked this episode overall giving it an 8/10, I'll start off with my only major gripe - the sloppiness of the cold open at/around the Fist.  The utter lack of continuity with last season's final scene was disappointing, although not unprecedented as many TV shows in the past have similarly retconned cliffhangers.  Perhaps it can serve as a good lesson for D&D that ending a season on a cliffhanger is often not a great idea, as the resolution the next season is rarely satisfying. The wight that got after Sam didn't look or move like a wight at first glance and some of the folks I was watching with last night thought it was a wildling.  I did think Ghost intervening was pretty cool, as it at least let us know he's still around and the direwolf visual effects were very convincing.   But then we have Mormont's awkward conversation with Sam, which didn't make a lot of sense as Sam wasn't even at the Fist when he heard the horn blasts (another residual gaffe from last season's end).  Then Mormont's speech just sorta ended and BLAM, theme song.  Jarring, weird way to open a new season.Thankfully, the rest was mostly good-to-excellent, and put it roughly on par with last season's first episode.  Some comments:Jon's intro to the wildling camp was understated, but fun.  LOVED the giant, which I was not expecting to see, and Jon's pants-soiling reaction shot to it.  Jon meeting Mance wasn't as epic by comparison, but it was amusing and effective.  Mance and Tormund are obviously different characters than in the books, but I think I'm ok with that.  Hinds is such a great actor whose presence as a leader of 'hunnerds and thousands' of wildlings is very believable, and Tormund looks like he'll be fun to watch (though not in a huge-member-joke kind of way).Bronn & Tyrion, and Tyrion & Cersei scenes were great as always.Tyrion / Tywin was one of the best two-character conversation scenes in the series thus far, which is saying a lot.  Doesn't hurt that it was almost line-for-line from the text (a favorite chapter of mine, at that) but the actors absolutely nailed their performances.  Tywin listening with something resembling bemusement while Tyrion made his case for Casterly Rock, Tywin's devastatingly comprehensive retort, Tyrion's mix of shock, hurt and seething rage all just beneath the surface - just pure brilliance and powerful drama.  How fortunate this series is to have such stellar actors in these roles.Sansa/Shae/LF was nicely done, and a needed scene to set up LF's plan to "rescue" Sansa.  Interestingly it appears LF did recognize Arya last season at Harrenhal.  I'm interested to see what if anything he plans to do with this information, apart from being truthful in telling Sansa he'd seen her (after all, when was LF ever concerned about the truth?).Robb & forces at Harrenhal - good stuff, especially the surprise reveal of Qyburn!  Also, Roose's comments to Karstark sent a chill up my spine, considering where their storylines are inevitably headed.  McElhatton's got Roose's corpse-cold delivery down pat.  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />Both of Margaery scenes were very effective in conveying the Tyrells' motives subtly but convincingly.  A masterful blend of charm and nuanced manipulation.  Well played, and I can't wait to see the QoT's contribution to the mix.Holy shit did Davos ever look rough after being washed up on the rocks - great job by the production crew there.  Salla was hilarious; I wish they'd find a way to get him more screen time.  The scene with Stan, Mel and Davos was very effective in showing the hold Mel has over Stannis right now.  I hope the show will take the same tack as the books here - that Stannis yields to Mel because he sees the truth in her prophecies (i.e., telling him in advance that not only was Davos alive, but intent on murdering Mel).Dany's scenes were mostly great.  The ship/dragons sequence was breathtaking and badass at once.  The bartering scene with the Unsullied was faithful to the book and thus a mixture of hilarious and disturbing.  The final scene was a mixed bag for me.  The action around the assassination attempt was awkward as others have pointed out, and the manticore was a good deal more fake looking than is typical for this show's SFX.  That said, Barristan's appeal to Dany was moving, and a nice uplifting way to end the episode.  So glad to have him back on board.
3225	TheDarkOne	2013-04-02	I thought the scene with Joff was awesome! Great stuff.
Not having Strong in the story is ok, I can live with that.
Mance is horribly miscast. The look, the presence, it's totally off. McNulty would have been great for the role, or John Huston if you believe the rumours. Most of the casting has been spot on, but wow is this a miss.
3226	TheDarkOne	2013-04-02	- Stannis definitely not the Mannis / Mel /Davos - I try really, really hard to convince my boyfriend (a non-book reader) that Stannis is a cool guy. I have almost succeeded at the Blackwater episode .... But the TV script somehow manages to throw my whole attempts out of the window. Obviously the TV Stannis (although better looking somehow) is some puppet in Mel's hands, who didn't care about his close friend, who has named the Hand of the King. I sincerely hope we have same better character development as the show goes on.Love your review. To the above point, it comes of like the TV show needs to have a "villain" character and they awkwardly are trying to shoe horn Stannis into that. I don't like it at all, and compared to the source material it feels way off base.
3227	Delmas	2013-04-02	I thought the scene with Joff was awesome! Great stuff.Not having Strong in the story is ok, I can live with that.Mance is horribly miscast. The look, the presence, it's totally off. McNulty would have been great for the role, or John Huston if you believe the rumours. Most of the casting has been spot on, but wow is this a miss.I liked Mance, to say a guy is horribly miscast after 5 minutes of screentime to me seems rushed.I really hope his story line dosent get shit on.
3228	Khal Porno	2013-04-02	It's going to be much more difficult for TV Tyrion to justify the murder of TV Shae unless they add in a whole lot of new stuff, it was fairly obvious in the book that Shae was what she was, and that it was Tyrion who was projecting all of his feelings and emotions onto her and there was nothing much in the books to show it was reciprocated, so when she turns on him, its no big surprise.TV Shae is a 'whore with a heart of gold' who cares about Tyrion, wants to run away with him, cares about Sansa and is ready to risk her life for both of them.  How is Tyrion going to be justified in strangling this person who bears no resemblance to the cold gold digger Shae of the books?As I've said before (sorry to those who notice me repeating myself), when I read the book it seemed like it was intentionally ambiguous whether Shae actually betrayed Tyrion or was forced into it by Tywin and was playing along.  Obviously there was no ambiguity from Tyrion's perspective, but it seemed to me to be written for the audience to consider both sides.If they go this way in the show, I think they will make it clear that Shae was forced into whatever situation she's in (and would likely be trying to save Tyrion by sleeping with Tywin), but Tyrion will think she has just betrayed him and murder her.  This is actually far more tragic than the situation in the books, in my opinion.On the other hand, as others have suggested here, Shae may be taking the place of Tysha for the "wherever whores go" thing.Either is just peachy to me, but to be honest I think Tyrion killing the only woman who loves him over a misunderstanding would be tremendously dramatic and heartwrenching, and just all around excellent TV, so I hope that's the route they take.I feel crazy sometimes because it seems like I'm the only one here who read it this way.
3229	Words of Winter	2013-04-02	Gotta love HBO's April Fool's joke:http://hbowatch.com/...il-season-four/Even got a stab at book readers:I read this while this site was having, um, issues.  Wow. I was taken in  -   until the reveal. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />  I can't believe I fell for it.  I was burning mad because I thought they killed the golden goose and if they did that they would kill it in other ways too.Then I felt like an idiot. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
3230	victim	2013-04-02	Correct me if I'm wrong, but do the Riverlands count as a kingdom? I'm only basing this off of Robert's "making the eight" speech in season one, as he said all seven kingdoms plus the Riverlands.This is true actually, my bad. I always thought of the Seven Kingdoms as: The North, the Riverlands, Stormlands, Vale, Iron Islands, the Reach, Dorne and the Westerlands, which all together actually equals 8.
3231	Moseh Khayim	2013-04-02	Never mind.
					
					
							Edited by Moseh Khayim, 02 April 2013 - 02:50 AM.
3232	HouseLark	2013-04-02	Although I liked this episode overall giving it an 8/10, I'll start off with my only major gripe - the sloppiness of the cold open at/around the Fist.  The utter lack of continuity with last season's final scene was disappointing, although not unprecedented as many TV shows in the past have similarly retconned cliffhangers.  Perhaps it can serve as a good lesson for D&D that ending a season on a cliffhanger is often not a great idea, as the resolution the next season is rarely satisfying. The wight that got after Sam didn't look or move like a wight at first glance and some of the folks I was watching with last night thought it was a wildling.  I did think Ghost intervening was pretty cool, as it at least let us know he's still around and the direwolf visual effects were very convincing.   But then we have Mormont's awkward conversation with Sam, which didn't make a lot of sense as Sam wasn't even at the Fist when he heard the horn blasts (another residual gaffe from last season's end).  Then Mormont's speech just sorta ended and BLAM, theme song.  Jarring, weird way to open a new season.I really don't get the controversy over the "cold open" - I had no idea what everyone was going on about in truth, it's not a term I'd heard before. It worked OK. Like everyone I would have loved to have seen the battle at the Fist but we never got that in the books either. I also did not see any retconning, so I'd need that one explaining to me. Sam wasn't on the Fist, but he should have got back there as Edd managed to, so that he could release the ravens. I'm not claiming this was a great scene but the Fist situation had to be resolved and if nothing else it established that the Watch had been involved in a battle, they were on the run, and they are being harried. That's the essentials. By contrast, I'm less than thrilled that Ghost is with the watch. He's Jon's shadow so I can't see him leaving him willingly. Plus Ghost needs to get back to Jon at some point if we're to get any sort of hint of his ability to warg - I assumed Orell would be the one to detect this. I do agree with you about the wight thought, he looked and moved like a White Walker rather than a wight.For book fans, opening north of The Wall has kept to the books' convention of alternating between north and south in the prologues/opening scenes (even if season two didn't open with a maester it was still in King's Landing).
3233	HouseLark	2013-04-02	I thought that this was a better opening episode than we got for series two. We spent a bit longer with each character but managed to cover quite a lot of ground. With a series that has such a large cast and so many different locations, these opening episodes that (re-)establish the narrative will always be imperfect but I thought this season they did as well as possible with it. Plus we got some exceptional scenes between Tyrion and Tywin and Dany and Kraznys (it's worth noting here that both of those scenes were almost taken verbatim from the book...). I also loved Stannis' scene. Dillane absolutely nailed that haunted look. You could see the steel of the old Stannis but he's just suffered a grievous loss in his bid for the Throne and he's suffering from that; he even looked older and greyer.A few things fell flat for me.The first was Stark's men turning up at Harrenhall. This was a bit confusing since we had no idea that either northmen were being held there or that the Mountain's men had left.Second, with every episode I dislike Sibil Kekkili's performance more and more. She's a good actress but in Thrones, she always sounds as thought she's reading from a cue card.Third, and most important, Littlefinger's behaviour is becoming inexplicable. He would never have operated in the open as he did here. I really don't understand why the writers didn't go down the road of A. N. Other helping Sansa escape King's Landing with a big reveal later on that Littlefinger was behind it all. It did not need to be Ser Dontos, it could even have been Ros (residual loyalty to her former lord, pity for an abused young girl, etc). This Littlefinger would have been caught out by Varys ten times over by now.Fourth, I hated Margaery's Princess Diana/Kate Middleton routine. I get that it established her as a friend of the commons but it would have been more effective to stick to the book and have Tyrell men/women handing out food to all rather than giving toys to orphans. Food would win over a starving people, not wooden knights. Generally I like Natalie Dormer's Margaery but the orphanage scene just reeked of a contemporary tabloid news story.It was still a great episode and I loved the little touches such as Drogon roasting a fish in mid-air, and I'm generally happy that Dany is finally doing something. In a similar vein, Jon seems to be back on track, thinking on his feet and proving himself to be smart rather than bumbling around like a moron. Ciaran Hinds should also dismiss any doubts about his casting as Mance; he might be older than many would have liked but Hinds is ridiculously talented and I can't wait to see more of his scenes, and then we have Diana Rigg incoming as well (I pray to sweet R'hllor that she gets a scene with Charles Dance).
3234	Azor Ahoy!	2013-04-02	It's a bit of a 'meh'.Tyrion's parts were overly talky with Cersei and Bronn although I liked the Tywin conversation. Jon's faked motivation for joining the Wildlings is also dubious- doesn't the Night's Watch fight for the living? ("I am the shield that guards the realms of men") although he was in a tight spot so maybe that can be excused.Dany's scenes were good though and I was relieved they skipped the Arstan crap although I do miss Strong Belwas.Davos's scenes were fair as well.Was relieved Arya didn't appear at all- I skipped all her chapters in the books until she joins the FM.
					
					
							Edited by TheLastValyrian, 02 April 2013 - 05:40 AM.
3235	White Harbors Wrath	2013-04-02	Jon's faked motivation for joining the Wildlings is also dubious- doesn't the Night's Watch fight for the living? ("I am the shield that guards the realms of men") although he was in a tight spot so maybe that can be excused.Wasn't that the entire point of him going into detail on his disappointment in Mormonts reaction to Casters feeding his sons to Walkers? That the Watch is NOT who they're claiming to be?
3236	Loras	2013-04-02	Wasn't that the entire point of him going into detail on his disappointment in Mormonts reaction to Casters feeding his sons to Walkers? That the Watch is NOT who they're claiming to be?That was the impression I got from that scene too. It was nice to see that one of the big departures from the books came back into the story.  It really gives me faith in D&Ds adaptation.
3237	DrRobotnik	2013-04-02	I have a bad feeling about the Dany arc. They're moving way too fast. If they end with Yunkai, that's a whole season dedicated to the siege of Meereen. Or alternatively they'd be cutting into DwD material and jeopardize the future of the series. DwD contains a lot of Dany chapters, but probably not enough to last three seasons and still keep the viewer base.
3238	protar	2013-04-02	I have a bad feeling about the Dany arc. They're moving way too fast. If they end with Yunkai, that's a whole season dedicated to the siege of Meereen. Or alternatively they'd be cutting into DwD material and jeopardize the future of the series. DwD contains a lot of Dany chapters, but probably not enough to last three seasons and still keep the viewer base.I think that moving into Dany's ADWD material for S4 would actually be a good thing. It would free up a lot of space for a crowded season 5 and would allow them to more quickly get through the two least popular books in the series (though ADWD is one of my personal favourites.). As to S3 itself I think it's good they're moving along quickly. Dany took way too long in S2 to get to Qarth so I'm glad they're remedying that now.
3239	Loras	2013-04-02	I think that moving into Dany's ADWD material for S4 would actually be a good thing. It would free up a lot of space for a crowded season 5 and would allow them to more quickly get through the two least popular books in the series (though ADWD is one of my personal favourites.). As to S3 itself I think it's good they're moving along quickly. Dany took way too long in S2 to get to Qarth so I'm glad they're remedying that now.They have certainly establish Dany's storyline for this season - her moral dilemma regarding slaves and slavery in general.  I would expect that this becomes more sedate in the next episode, if she features at all, as the next logical step is Daenerys/Barristan exposition - and him offering the alternative viewpoint to Jorah.
3240	Myrish Swamp Thing	2013-04-02	Surely you've discussed a lot already. One little thing I liked was the chat between Ros and Shae. It comes across that the northern loyalty to the Starks extends to the smallfolk.
3241	The Mountain That Posts	2013-04-02	Was relieved Arya didn't appear at all- I skipped all her chapters in the books until she joins the FM.Wut.I know this is off topic, but why? Her chapters were amazing UNTIL she joined the FM and then her chapters got bad. haha
3242	Sansa in the North	2013-04-02	Wut.I know this is off topic, but why? Her chapters were amazing UNTIL she joined the FM and then her chapters got bad. hahaWord!I truly enjoyed the episode, apart from the cold open. My favourite parts were the dinner scene and the Tyrion/Tywin scene. The Harrenhal scene was kind of confusing... okay, very confusing, but I loved the little conversation between Roose and Karstark. I'm sure you've discussed a lot already, I haven't got the time to go through all 21 pages of it, so I'm just gonna leave it at that. I don't want to drag up things that were discussed to death pages ago. 8/10 overall, much better than season 2 premier.
3243	ebevan91	2013-04-02	Did anyone else find the volume of some characters quite low?
In the beginning, I had to turn the volume way up because I couldn't understand what the people in Mance's tent were saying, as well as the stuff in King's Landing. Then later on, the scene right before Dany's dragons was kinda quiet as well, and then the dragons were so damn loud it scared the daylights out of me.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 02 April 2013 - 09:03 AM.
3244	Janicia	2013-04-02	I'm glad they're dropping the Ser Dontos ploy.  He was annoying in the books, and even though he seemed believably sincere, he wasn't competent.  Sansa should never have trusted him.  Littlefinger and the Tyrells both offering to spirit Sansa away should work nicely this season.  There are plenty of things for Littlefinger to be sneaky about, and plenty of areas for him to spar with Varys.  And Varys permits some of Littlefinger's machinations, as he did by failing to warn Ned.  Similarly, the Belwas / Whitebeard thing was clownish and Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m glad they decided to skip it. 
They must have kept Loras from joining the kingsguard at the end of season 2 so that the Tyrells could offer to marry Sansa to him.  That changes the dynamic, since Sansa had a crush on him but had to talk herself into wanting the Willas marriage.  Hmm, maybe Tywin will offer Loras a spot in the kingsguard specifically to prevent the Sansa marriage.  I would like to see Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s interactions with Loras, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think anything really hinges on Loras joining the guard. 
Book Davos wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> hand when he was thrown in jail.  He wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t an important person on Dragonstone.  Show Davos is already an important person in Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099> retinue â<U+0080><U+0093> throwing him in jail preemptively would be absurd.   
I liked Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s changed justification to Mance, it fits into the story arc better.  The nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s watch has forgotten about the Others, has forgotten about the real reason for the Wall.  The Wildlings have not forgotten, and are in a desperate fight for life.  The nightâ<U+0080><U+0099>s watch is a decaying, cynical, clueless institution now.  Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s speech brings these issues into focus.
3245	darrylzero	2013-04-02	...A few things fell flat for me.The first was Stark's men turning up at Harrenhall. This was a bit confusing since we had no idea that either northmen were being held there or that the Mountain's men had left.Second, with every episode I dislike Sibil Kekkili's performance more and more. She's a good actress but in Thrones, she always sounds as thought she's reading from a cue card.Third, and most important, Littlefinger's behaviour is becoming inexplicable. He would never have operated in the open as he did here. I really don't understand why the writers didn't go down the road of A. N. Other helping Sansa escape King's Landing with a big reveal later on that Littlefinger was behind it all. It did not need to be Ser Dontos, it could even have been Ros (residual loyalty to her former lord, pity for an abused young girl, etc). This Littlefinger would have been caught out by Varys ten times over by now.Fourth, I hated Margaery's Princess Diana/Kate Middleton routine. I get that it established her as a friend of the commons but it would have been more effective to stick to the book and have Tyrell men/women handing out food to all rather than giving toys to orphans. Food would win over a starving people, not wooden knights. Generally I like Natalie Dormer's Margaery but the orphanage scene just reeked of a contemporary tabloid news story.1.  No real comment.  I thought it worked OK, but I don't really disagree either.2.  Funny, with each episode I hate it less and less (though I still think hers are reliably the worst performances on the show).  I think she was an unfortunate casting choice, and her acting has made it harder for me to engage with what I cautiously think might be pretty interesting deviations from the source material, but I don't think he's as bad as she was in S1.  Her early performances were particularly nails-on-chalkboard for me.3.  Yes.  I actually think this would have been a great role for Ros on the show, unless she's also working with Varys (which it seemed like she might be), because that could really complicate things.  4.  I see where you're coming from, but I think it's OK if some of the Tyrells' PR efforts are a little cheesy.  Outside of Olenna, they're not geniuses.  And the show did discuss their relief efforts, the food coming in from the Reach.  So, I think that she goes a little over-the-top.  It helps us identify with Cersei being driven nuts by it (and in particular by Joffrey's attitude toward it).
3246	MALICUS	2013-04-02	that was probably an important letter Tywin was writing........ /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />I am VERY much looking forward to this playing out on the show...
3247	ebcarlton	2013-04-02	I liked the quick reveal of Barristan the Bold as well.  It makes me think that maybe the showrunners will eventually start including Rhaegar flashbacks for Dany since Barristan knew him.
3248	Qwop22	2013-04-02	I think it needs to be mentioned that at the end of season 2 we saw Ros basically become employed by Varys. So does this mean she is now spying on Littlefinger for Varys? And if so, that scene with her watching Littlefinger talking to Sansa at the docks has a little more reasoning. She is clearly going to inform Varys that LF has been meeting with Sansa to discuss something, and Varys will no doubt find out about LF plan to rescue Sansa. However, I don't really think Varys will care too much because he already had his own grand plans in motion.
3249	TRAVYS	2013-04-02	Really enjoyed the Margaery and Dany scenes. Not the best GoT episode, but as reviewers have said it's the weakest of the first four.I hope that's true, because I was disappointed with the season opener. I still don't understand what was going on in the Robb/Catelyn at Harrenhal scene.  It made no sense.  Maybe I'm just a book snob, but it seems the farther they get away from the book the plot is confusing or weak (see the Tywin/Tyrion scene versus the dinner scene w/ Joffrey and Cersei).I am okay they ditched Strong Belwas and the Arstan pretense - that's the kind of stuff I expect from an adaptation not this Ros plot line. Ghost being with the Nights Watch makes sense from a TV production sense and they do separate later in the book, but it's not explained AT ALL in the show.All in all, I'd say it's an average episode, but a weak season opener.
3250	TRAVYS	2013-04-02	I see where you're coming from, but I think it's OK if some of the Tyrells' PR efforts are a little cheesy.  Outside of Olenna, they're not geniuses.  And the show did discuss their relief efforts, the food coming in from the Reach.  So, I think that she goes a little over-the-top.  It helps us identify with Cersei being driven nuts by it (and in particular by Joffrey's attitude toward it).So did Joffrey sit in his little box the entire time Margaery was in the orphanage?  That was a weird scene. Also, most office building hallways are bigger than the streets of King's Landing.
3251	Madfunkymonkey	2013-04-02	I thought that this was a better opening episode than we got for series two. We spent a bit longer with each character but managed to cover quite a lot of ground. With a series that has such a large cast and so many different locations, these opening episodes that (re-)establish the narrative will always be imperfect but I thought this season they did as well as possible with it. Plus we got some exceptional scenes between Tyrion and Tywin and Dany and Kraznys (it's worth noting here that both of those scenes were almost taken verbatim from the book...). I also loved Stannis' scene. Dillane absolutely nailed that haunted look. You could see the steel of the old Stannis but he's just suffered a grievous loss in his bid for the Throne and he's suffering from that; he even looked older and greyer.A few things fell flat for me.The first was Stark's men turning up at Harrenhall. This was a bit confusing since we had no idea that either northmen were being held there or that the Mountain's men had left.Second, with every episode I dislike Sibil Kekkili's performance more and more. She's a good actress but in Thrones, she always sounds as thought she's reading from a cue card.Third, and most important, Littlefinger's behaviour is becoming inexplicable. He would never have operated in the open as he did here. I really don't understand why the writers didn't go down the road of A. N. Other helping Sansa escape King's Landing with a big reveal later on that Littlefinger was behind it all. It did not need to be Ser Dontos, it could even have been Ros (residual loyalty to her former lord, pity for an abused young girl, etc). This Littlefinger would have been caught out by Varys ten times over by now.Fourth, I hated Margaery's Princess Diana/Kate Middleton routine. I get that it established her as a friend of the commons but it would have been more effective to stick to the book and have Tyrell men/women handing out food to all rather than giving toys to orphans. Food would win over a starving people, not wooden knights. Generally I like Natalie Dormer's Margaery but the orphanage scene just reeked of a contemporary tabloid news story.It was still a great episode and I loved the little touches such as Drogon roasting a fish in mid-air, and I'm generally happy that Dany is finally doing something. In a similar vein, Jon seems to be back on track, thinking on his feet and proving himself to be smart rather than bumbling around like a moron. Ciaran Hinds should also dismiss any doubts about his casting as Mance; he might be older than many would have liked but Hinds is ridiculously talented and I can't wait to see more of his scenes, and then we have Diana Rigg incoming as well (I pray to sweet R'hllor that she gets a scene with Charles Dance).#4. the kids also got food.  When Margaery was talking to the septon outside you could see children with big chunks of food.
3252	DarkAndFullOfTurnips	2013-04-02	#4. the kids also got food.  When Margaery was talking to the septon outside you could see children with big chunks of food.Yes, the point was to bring them food and appear to be their saviour. Not to bring them a toy and pretend to be their friend.I don't know why people seem to take everything in the show at complete face value.
					
					
							Edited by DarkAndFullOfTurnips, 02 April 2013 - 02:04 PM.
3253	Darryk	2013-04-02	I thought the Margaery stuff was excellent, really good and appropriate addition by the showrunners. TV Joffrey seems pretty smitten with her and I'm interested to see where they're gonna take that thread. 
And I like that they're giving Bronn more to do as well, the actor has really lifted the part and it'd be a shame to waste that.
All the Davos scenes were great as well.
3254	nubreed000	2013-04-02	I'm dissapointed they went with such human like Giants.My vision from the books was more yeti than man.Yea I pictured them almost like a giant ape, but human...if that makes sense.
3255	Tone	2013-04-02	Great point!  Why NOT give him a brown contact?  Seriously, it'd add, what?  $100 to their budget?!I always thought the same thing about Dany and purple/violet contacts.
3256	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	Yea I pictured them almost like a giant ape, but human...if that makes sense.I thought the giants were done well. A little more believable for TV
3257	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	I think that moving into Dany's ADWD material for S4 would actually be a good thing. It would free up a lot of space for a crowded season 5 and would allow them to more quickly get through the two least popular books in the series (though ADWD is one of my personal favourites.). As to S3 itself I think it's good they're moving along quickly. Dany took way too long in S2 to get to Qarth so I'm glad they're remedying that now.I have been skeptical that books 4 and 5 contain 2 seasons of TV material. I'll add that my guess is that the TV show finishes before the last books come out
3258	Tywin's bastard	2013-04-02	I always thought the same thing about Dany and purple/violet contacts.They actually started out using purple contacts but apparently it didn't work out because they felt that it interfered with the performances as so much emotion is shown through the eyes.
3259	PhoenixFlame	2013-04-02	Colored contacts are a bitch to wear. Some people can get used to them, but not everyone. They make me blink too much.
3260	oakenhelm	2013-04-02	This just occurred to me now, is Tywin not going to be at the Battle of the Fords?
3261	DutchGit	2013-04-02	#4. the kids also got food.  When Margaery was talking to the septon outside you could see children with big chunks of food.I think she doesn't give 2 shits about the kids. She is just very ambitious and she is simply playing the game. She knows she is up against Cersei and she is pretending to care for the small folk, to win them over. Cersei of course, is hated by the small folk. 1-0 Tyrell
3262	Wouter	2013-04-02	So did Joffrey sit in his little box the entire time Margaery was in the orphanage?  That was a weird scene. Also, most office building hallways are bigger than the streets of King's Landing.They were in Flea Bottom, the very poor slum of KL. Historical medieval towns and cities tended to have lots of very small streets anyway. The depiction was quite faithful, complete with shit being thrown around and all.Impressive episode, especially the Tywin/Tyrion confrontation was really powerful, the books coming alive. Mance/Jon and the introduction of the Unsullied were great, too.As for the northern (or riverland) prisoners in Harrenhall, Tywin had his HQ there for a while. Undoubtedly his army took prisoners and I guess most of those would have been left behind when Tywin made his break for KL (prisoners would slow him down).
					
					
							Edited by Wouter, 02 April 2013 - 05:46 PM.
3263	nubreed000	2013-04-02	I thought the giants were done well. A little more believable for TVMaybe. I didn't have a problem with it, I just pictured it more like that, and not a scaled up human simply.
3264	Robin Of House Hill	2013-04-02	The show Renly was gay ( not in the book)  Who taught you to read?  Ser Amory Lorch?
3265	Fred Stark	2013-03-31	Guys,I have created this post so that people can post the recap of each episodes for the Non-US viewers who have to wait  for some time before being able to watch the episode.I would be able to watch  this episode only after 2 weeks after the American Broadcast.
Thanks in advance for those who will be posting recaps of the episodes.
3266	Ran	2013-03-31	There will be a full recap, analysis, and more posted (based on the fact that we've seen the first four episodes already) at our episode page by the time the episode ends.
