nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2011-06-12	How'd you rate it?
2	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-12	5
fucking cock block.
3	Mr Bean	2011-06-12	My first ten, we got Walder Frey(+2), we got Aemon Targ(+1) even if they did shorten down his three tests, we got Tyrion telling his back story (+5) and we have the dancing tent and another decent fight (2)
The only negative is this very WTF Shae thing,  okay Shae what? and no Halfman killing But I'll move past that considering everything else.
4	Asarlai	2011-06-12	There were several good moments, but nothing to outweigh the depressing Dany and Ned storylines.
5	Ran	2011-06-12	My first 10 as well. Amazing.
6	Nihilist	2011-06-12	2/10
We spend more time introducing Shae then on the battle that puts the Starks in the advantage? The pacing and general choices on what to show given the material astound me. The scene with Tyrion playing a game went on for like 7 min, longer then the time we get for BOTH battles combined.....wtf
More thorough post later after I have re-watched. I did think the acting was VERY good, I just question the writing, editing, and decisions on what to show.
					
					
							Edited by Nihilist, 12 June 2011 - 09:36 PM.
7	Spanky	2011-06-12	Lol at the super loud minority.
10/10.  Probably the best episode of the entire season so far.
8	Fippy Darkpaw	2011-06-12	Walder Frey needs his own spinoff series and comedy tour. He had more great one-liners in 5 minutes than everyone else in the series combined.
					
					
							Edited by Fippy Darkpaw, 12 June 2011 - 09:46 PM.
9	Hot Pie 4 life	2011-06-12	The ending was a 10. The rest a 5 they skipped over a lot and were way too much into shae
10	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-12	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. 
EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.
					
					
							Edited by TamTam Rapley, 12 June 2011 - 10:08 PM.
11	Noir Dove	2011-06-12	10/10
Amazing. I'm glad a show spends more time on characters and their personal stories than 10 mindless minutes of hacking.
FYI Martin is writing Blackwater himself....
12	YoDaddy	2011-06-12	Very happy again. As is my standard, "How does it do in following the books?" I rated it excellent. The whole Tyrion "guessing game" thing was a huge bore for me though and it felt like it brought the episode to a halt for a bit. I gave it an 8.5. I have liked these last two shows far and above the first seven. 
 After reading some of the previous posts, I see what pleases me doesn't sit well with others. It really shows that people are diverse in what they want from the show.
13	YoDaddy	2011-06-12	5fucking cock block.Not sure. Did you enjoy it?
14	zippypoodle	2011-06-12	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.Boo hoo.
15	Ser Frank Haven	2011-06-12	10 out of 10 
The pace was a bit fast but the ending is was nailed it.  Its absolutely perfect even though I've read the book it still pains me to see nedd die
16	zippypoodle	2011-06-12	9/10. Very good episode.
17	Asarlai	2011-06-12	It wasn't terrible, but no one else thought it was kind of slow paced? They focused on several insignificant parts while skipping over the more exciting bits. The end had a big emotional impact, yeah, but like 40% of the show was just... eh.
18	GSP	2011-06-12	6
I was going to give it 4 but decided I was allowing my infuriation over getting ripped of two major and important battles cloud my judgement too much. I'm tring not to let having read the books cloud my judgement of the series. Still, I could only give it a 6. 
Seriously, if this is the gameplan they are going to follow, seasons two and three are going to give me an anuerism. I know they can't get everything in there, and from a budget standpoint, might as well cut out the big battle scenes, but if this just turns into a soap opera while wearing swords, I'll be sorely disappointed. Get a significant budget for large battle scenes for Season 2, please, for the sake of my mental health.
19	Abaddon	2011-06-12	Loved almost every part.  I understand they had to cut the Tyrion's battle sequence, but couldn't they have shown them charging into battle and then found him unconscious on the field after the battle, next to the corpse of a kill of his?  Having him knocked out by his own men was cheap and lame.  Very disappointed by that.Other than that... I thought it was easily the best episode of the season.  I have to give it a -1 for the Tyrion misstep so 9/10 for me.
20	MrDoog	2011-06-12	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.Totally agree with you mate. I didn't expect them to show Whispering Wood, thought they might show Jaime cutting down a few Northmen just to give him some air-time but the way they completely distorted the other battle was just awful. It made Tyrion look like an incompetent oaf, deprived of us a pretty exciting scene which I enjoyed in the books and like you said, this battle was small potatoes compared to what's ahead. Maybe budgetary constraints? Well if they'd just followed Tyrions contribution to the battle for a couple minutes showing the tribemen fighting it wouldn't have been that costly. Also, if I hadn't read the series i'd have no idea what the significance of those two battles was. The friend I was watching with was clueless that Riverun's siege had just been lifted not to mention the predicament now facing Tywin's half of the Lannister army which is effectively cut-off. IMO this particular episode simply didn't do the book any justice.Just to add, Not only did my mate (who hasn't read the series) not know Riverun's siege had just been lifted, he didn't know it was besieged in the first place.....  But at least he knows that Bronn's dad beat him and that Shae doesn't like it when Tyrion talks about her parents!
					
					
							Edited by MrDoog, 12 June 2011 - 11:16 PM.
21	Robb_	2011-06-12	9/10. 
I think at least one of the two battles should have been shown, but it is understandable why neither weren't, they were going for the shock factor of Robb capturing Jaime. And that moment paid off in my opinion (maybe it's because I haven't read that far in the book yet to make me dislike how it was done). 
The ending was really well done. I hate that stupid little cunt Joffrey though.
22	Dalan	2011-06-12	9 out of 10.I'm still disappointed at not a single Tower of Joy reference.  Just before Ned's death there seemed to be a hesitation and I thought there might be something... But no.  Otherwise this series has far exceeded my expectations of an adapted series.  Yes some things have been changed, yes Roz has been annoying, but this series has gotten me hook.And my fiancA©, for whom the last fantasy anything she got into was the Lord of the Rings movies is thoroughly hooked. She cried when Ned died.  And she never cries with movies.  She hates me for getting into the show but is addicted now.
23	Bronn Stone	2011-06-12	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.The boards will just have to muddle on without contributions of this level of quality.While we are at it, we must condemn that worthless good-for-nothing bastard Shakespeare.  How dare he tell the story of Henry V without actually showing Agincourt.  I feel robbed.  If he actually existed and if not for the fact he's been dead for 500+ years, I'd kick him in the trousers.
24	Asarlai	2011-06-12	While we are at it, we must condemn that worthless good-for-nothing bastard Shakespeare.  How dare he tell the story of Henry V without actually showing Agincourt.  I feel robbed.  If he actually existed and if not for the fact he's been dead for 500+ years, I'd kick him in the trousers.Shakespeare was not going for an accurate depiction of history. HBO is going for an accurate depiction of the novel.
25	Lord Godric	2011-06-12	I gave it a 9.  The final scene literally gave me chills and was as sad and shocking as it should have been.  There were parts where I thought it dragged on a little, like Tyrion's scene with Shae and I wish we would have seen the Whispering Wood, but still very good.
26	Bronn Stone	2011-06-12	Shakespeare was not going for an accurate depiction of history. HBO is going for an accurate depiction of the novel.Quite the opposite.  HBO's intent (or more correctly D&D's intent) is to capture the spirit of the story, as faithfully as possible within the inherent limits of the medium and the realities of modern television.  Anyone who thinks otherwise is setting themselves up for endless disappointment.  I thought people here understood that, but apparently not.
27	MMGarrett	2011-06-12	10!
I may be in the minority, but I loved the guessing game scene.  I thought it was a great way to tell the Tysha back story.
I was hoping for some reference to the Tower of Joy or at least a "Promise Me, Ned" somewhere.  I think we went through the entire season without a single reference to Ned's mysterious promise.  I'm curious how they will fill this gap down the line.
Still, I loved every second of this episode.  It just gets better and better and better and better . . .
28	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-12	The boards will just have to muddle on without contributions of this level of quality.While we are at it, we must condemn that worthless good-for-nothing bastard Shakespeare.  How dare he tell the story of Henry V without actually showing Agincourt.  I feel robbed.  If he actually existed and if not for the fact he's been dead for 500+ years, I'd kick him in the trousers.Ah yes, comparing a play written hundreds of years ago, while being performed in a theatre is an entirely valid comparison to a live action television series. That type of reasoning is a great contribution to the level of quality and analysis on these boards. Bravo sir!As a viewer, I have to wonder. If they can't even show small scale engagements, like The Whispering Woods, which could of been done relatively cheap with it being dark and all. How will they show Blackwater, the Wall, the fist, Mereen, Yunkai, and Astapor? I would even settle for low budget, close up, and thick in the fighting battle scenes instead of the gorgeous sweeping shots of massive armies we deserve. Instead, we recieve non-existent battle scenes.
29	Reposado	2011-06-12	pretty disappointed, other than the walder frey scene. 
not because they didn't show the battle, but because i don't see how someone who hasn't read would understand what happened with the battles. jaime was captured but how? they could have done better. I've been really happy with most of the episodes, but parts of this one lost me. A better dialogue between Tyrion and the messenger could have done wonders and made this episode the 10 I was expecting.
30	Baratheon	2011-06-12	The ending was gripping! There was a real crucifixion vibe when Ned was being led into the yard. Was very real, and emotional. I loved the episode, and look forward to the next.
31	ExLibris	2011-06-12	I missed the battle scenes and I wasn't too keen on the whole Bronn/Tyrion/Shae slumber party, but the negatives far outweigh the positives on this one and I'm more then willing to give it a 10. The final scene just wrenched my heart right out with how perfectly it was performed even though I knew everything that was about to happen.
So sad. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
32	MrDoog	2011-06-12	pretty disappointed, other than the walder frey scene. not because they didn't show the battle, but because i don't see how someone who hasn't read would understand what happened with the battles. jaime was captured but how? they could have done better. I've been really happy with most of the episodes, but parts of this one lost me. A better dialogue between Tyrion and the messenger could have done wonders and made this episode the 10 I was expecting.Exactly. We never see Jaime with an army, we never even see Riverun. Someone who hasn't read the books would have no idea that a major siege has just been lifted or that a significant Lannister host has just been smashed. Judging by the modest numbers accompanying Robb's speech, it looked more like the a mere skirmish has just happened, not a battle. It's easier to notice these things when you're watching with those that haven't read it so IMO the episode failed to convey a sufficiently accurate message to the viewer... since I had to answer about 50 questions once it had ended.
					
					
							Edited by MrDoog, 13 June 2011 - 12:04 AM.
33	Bronn Stone	2011-06-12	Ah yes, comparing a play written hundreds of years ago, while being performed in a theatre is an entirely valid comparison to a live action television series. That type of reasoning is a great contribution to the level of quality and analysis on these boards. Bravo sir!As a viewer, I have to wonder. If they can't even show small scale engagements, like The Whispering Woods, which could of been done relatively cheap with it being dark and all. How will they show Blackwater, the Wall, the fist, Mereen, Yunkai, and Astapor? I would even settle for low budget, close up, and thick in the fighting battle scenes instead of the gorgeous sweeping shots of massive armies we deserve. Instead, we recieve non-existent battle scenes.The inability to show great battles is just as much a characteristic of television as it is on stage.  In one case it is physical and in the other case budgetary, but both are steadfast and unbreakable rules.  You can either accept it or not watch.  Frankly, if you can't accept it, probably best you don't watch.List the great large battle scenes in an ongoing television series between actual people (not spaceships or other graphic elements). I get "Philippi on Rome" and that is it.   And even that one was horribly fake looking.And I won't even touch the horrific sense of entitlement that says "I spent my 19.95 a month on HBO and somehow I DESERVE" blah blah blah.  DESERVE????  Really.  wow....  They gave it a budget of $50M for ten episodes.  They producers spent it as best they could.  That scene with Tyrion, Shae and Bronn cost 1/1000th of what you wanted would have cost.  And there aren't 1000 such scenes to be cut.  Talk HBO into $200M and I'm sure you can get more.  But I am not willing to pay $100/month for HBO just for that.  Well, actually I probably am, but there aren't enough of me to make it work.If it gets better ratings and sales, there may be more budget down the road.  But since season two is probably going to start shooting next month, you can expect the Battle of the Blackwater to be less than you've imagined.  But thankfully since you've promised not to watch, we won't have to tolerate you pissing on our collective Corn Flakes.All I can say is that I got to see a GREAT rendition of the death of Eddard Stark.  An incredibly moving scene.  If glossing over the Whispering Woods was what I had to give up to get that, I'll take it every time.
34	lynxx	2011-06-13	Ned's death was perfectly done.  I was nearly as shocked as the first time I read it.   Westeros will never be the same.
35	Carldog	2011-06-13	Ok, I get it, their skipping one battle to focus on the other.... no, no their... their shipping both?  No. Way.
Talk about your all time let-downs.  This happens to often.
6, for what it could have been.  There where some great scenes but at the end of the day it did not deliver.  Anyone watch the new x-men?  That delivered.  The Dark Night? That delivered.  Band of brothers? Delivered.  The Pacific? Delivered.  Deadwood? Delivered.
This is a good series, but I can in no way endorse the idea that it is on even ground with the books.  Im talking direction and writing, at the top when it's good, at the bottom when it's bad.  
I'm bot saying it hasn't delivered... just not enough.
36	The Ranger	2011-06-13	9/10
Would have liked to seen a few more scenes involving the nightswatch and less scenes involving Tryion Broon and shae but overall it was a great episode and the ending was done amazingly as sad as it was  /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
					
					
							Edited by The Ranger, 13 June 2011 - 12:34 AM.
37	Kyptastic	2011-06-13	When a piece of entertainment can make me feel the emotions that I did in those last five minutes, it deserves a perfect score. 10/10.
38	Winterfelled	2011-06-13	Sigh. More nitpicking nonsense based on things they didn't do just like the book. Juvenile nonsense, I swear to the Seven. 
The episode was a ten. All the episode have been watchable, several have been very good, but this one was the first great episode in the Game of Thrones series. Without question. The final scene was beyond thrilling, and Sean Bean breathed life into a moment which, in the book, was outside of Ned's head. He died confused and terrified, but ever the good soldier. We didn't get a sense of that in the books, but we definitely got it here. 
Great scene, great episode. Tyrion's backstory was so well done, but the drinking game was maybe even better. Such examination of character, such great acting by Jerome and Peter. 
Stop whining that they didn't do a battle a certain way. Just stop it.
39	Jaric	2011-06-13	All I got to say is.... Where the hell are the battles?  To me the main reason for wanting to watch this show is the War!... I can read all about Tyrion and Shea..... I wanted to see the battle at river run, and the capturing of Jaime... Sean Bean losing his head sucked to see, but new it was coming.  Every thing at the wall was fine.. But short cutting the battles was a mistake, and down right disappointing.  ill give this episode a 6 maybe 6.5
40	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	Sigh. More nitpicking nonsense based on things they didn't do just like the book. Juvenile nonsense, I swear to the Seven. The episode was a ten. All the episode have been watchable, several have been very good, but this one was the first great episode in the Game of Thrones series. Without question. The final scene was beyond thrilling, and Sean Bean breathed life into a moment which, in the book, was outside of Ned's head. He died confused and terrified, but ever the good soldier. We didn't get a sense of that in the books, but we definitely got it here. Great scene, great episode. Tyrion's backstory was so well done, but the drinking game was maybe even better. Such examination of character, such great acting by Jerome and Peter. Stop whining that they didn't do a battle a certain way. Just stop it.They didn't do a battle period. And condemning the condemners, way to take the high road. As a paying customer, I can complain all I want. If this was free, then yes I would have no grounds but it's not. So just live with it.
41	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-06-13	Loved it. 10/10. Battle scenes hardly matter, and Ned's execution was more emotional for me than the books. Great stuff.
Big budget battle scenes are movie territory guys, don't expect it from a character driven TV show, that's all I'll say. There may be exceptions I guess.
					
					
							Edited by Ser_not_appearing_yet, 13 June 2011 - 12:56 AM.
42	brokor	2011-06-13	2 details that i missed greatly in this episode and kinda ruined the experience although i appreciate the producers' work:
Bastard sword comment. as people that have read the books know, longclaw is neither a 1h sword nor a 2h sword. it is a "bastard" sword, like john.
loved this comment in the books and i rly missed it from the series.
Tyrion's story about tysha and how he had her last but gave her a gold coin, cause after all a lannister is worth more.
the story made no sense to me or the people that i watched it with (that havent read the books) without this last piece of information. what the story left us is that tysha was a whore that fucked the barracks (excuse my language). we missed that critical character development for tyrion...
also shae is baddd. nothing like how i envisioned the role and her accent makes my ears bleed. bad casting imo, the first one in the series so far(apart from the age differencies which i can tolerate). but maybe that's just me.
didnt care enough for the battles, but one scene in the dark with hooves echoing between trees in the whispering wood would be plain awesome. that confusion and panic from both soldiers and horses i felt when reading the novels was breathtaking. wish i had seen it in the series.
also grey wind... they make ghost growl and bark but not grey wind? whats up with that.
anyway the 2 details i stated first are my biggest disappointment because they wouldnt cost anything in budget or screen time which imo goes to show that the writer didnt have an understanding of the show and just chose to represent some lines of dialogue without their deeper meaning.
excited for the last episode. will stay tuned in the forum aswell to learn about blu-ray releases and such.
edit: about the last scene which many of you comment on. i didnt have a problem with it but it didnt move me as much as the books did. maybe ti is because when i see sean bean's face i immediately envision him saying :'i would follow you. my brother, my captain, my KING' so i dont think i will ever be able to buy him as another character.
the character that plays yoren is amazing. and once again arya is the only girl in the world that could play this role.
damn i need to rewatch lotr... when will the blu ray extended trilogy come out!!!!
					
					
							Edited by brokor, 13 June 2011 - 12:59 AM.
43	SFA-OK	2011-06-13	Pretty much every episode, including this one, has been around a 6 or 7 out of 10 for me (probably closer to 6, to be honest). And the reasons for that score are pretty much the same every episode. 
I didn't mind the Tyrion backstory scene too much. Shae is definitely not what I pictured (especially her accent, did she have one in the book?), same goes for Walder Frey, definitely not how I pictured him. The actor who is playing Bronn is doing a really good job, even though the character is definitely different than the one in the book, IMO, I'm liking how he is handling the character.
The budget constraints really showed in this episode. One of the best scenes so far in the show, IMO, was Tyrion addressing the different tribes right before battle. I thought it done really well and Dinkledge's facial expressions were hilarious. But then he gets knocked out before the battle even starts? OK, I guess I can live with that but what is starting to bug me is how, no matter what the scene is - Dany and the Dothraki, Robb, Tywin, Winterfell or King's Landing, there is ALWAYS what seems to be about 20-30 people in the scene. It's killing the "epicness" of the story. Robb says he has 20,000 men, but I'm not sure if I believe him! Because from the looks of things he has about 30! If the show was being filmed in a more abstract or artsy way, it'd be easier to overlook this, but the show is shot in a very literal, down-the-middle way and so these omissions are starting to really stick out for me. I think someone on here mentioned it has to do with the SAG, hopefully HBO can fix this. 
I thought Ned's execution was done really well. I think people that haven't read the books will be pretty shocked, it mirrored the book really well.
44	Bronn Stone	2011-06-13	2 details that i missed greatly in this episode and kinda ruined the experience although i appreciate the producers' work:Bastard sword comment. as people that have read the books know, longclaw is neither a 1h sword nor a 2h sword. it is a "bastard" sword, like john.loved this comment in the books and i rly missed it from the series.The character's name is Jon, not John.  You are pissing about details but can't remember the name of one of the leads.  While those names sound identical, their derivations are totally different.  Making that mistake whilst nitpicking elsewhere seems a bit out of line.
45	BookWyrm	2011-06-13	I don't see much substance added to a story or character in any of the battles that they could have (or could have not: $$) added to the episode, the desire for this seems masturbatory. Martin's characters are so complex and go through so much as a result of war. War's consequences seem to be more important than the heat-of-the-moment action scenes. That's a lust that can be sated with practically any old hollywood film nowadays.
Considering also the logistical inefficiency of using precious air time to show something easily glossed over in so complex a story. Getting to know about Tyrion and Tysha was more important than watching Jaime's sword go back and forth with the redundancy of watching leaves fall off of a tree. In the end one can infer the tree lost it's leaves and that Jaime lost the battle. Though GRRM writes suspenseful action sequences, imho that's not what makes him particularly special.
I think the episode stayed fairly true to the spirit of the books. Such a monumental story was deftly handled and I say deserves a 10. As GRRM shows, one can be emotionally pulled to the edge of one's seat, without falling to the sating of a lust. The best one to date I think...
Also... did Martin himself actually show the Battle of the Whispering Wood? It's been awhile but I don't actually remember a firsthand account from the books so it seems strange to me to expect the show to spent massive time and money on it.
46	Asarlai	2011-06-13	The character's name is Jon, not John.  You are pissing about details but can't remember the name of one of the leads.  While those names sound identical, their derivations are totally different.  Making that mistake whilst nitpicking elsewhere seems a bit out of line.That poster also used things like "rly," so I doubt they were going for a grammatically correct post (alas). However, I think the spelling of Jon's name (given that the derivation plays no role in ASoIaF) in an internet post is less important than the inclusion of the (unnecessary but character-building) detail of the sword in the TV series. So, rather than insulting the poster, I feel it's best to discuss the point. Throwing in "Huh, a bastard sword" would have been brief but keeping with the theme.
47	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-06-13	They didn't do a battle period. And condemning the condemners, way to take the high road. As a paying customer, I can complain all I want. If this was free, then yes I would have no grounds but it's not. So just live with it.LOLWUT???Sorry but that is hilarious. Paying customer? Remind me, where did you sign a contract with HBO where the small print mentioned epic battle sequences?They are adapting ASOIAF, not Conan the Barbarian. We DON'T need to see Tyrion flailing around with some stuntmen. This isn't LOTR, and was never going to be. Even if they did go to the expense, they'd hardly be able to visually beat movies, so it would be pointless anyway. Tyrion's backstory >>>>>>>>> The Greenfork.
48	Gilead	2011-06-13	9/10 I guess.
I'm glad they didn't show the battle. That is to say I'm glad they knocked Tyrion out rather than have him fight in it; had they done that it would've looked so over-the-top absurd it would've been tough to watch. 
That was a part I was dreading. Works on paper, not on film. Glad they tweaked it.
Is this one of the sections you're not supposed to post spoilers in? Well, I'll put spoiler tags around it just in case.
	Spoiler Next up - how potentially bad the dragons look. This show could very well jump the shark when they hatch the eggs.
49	Asarlai	2011-06-13	Spoiler Next up - how potentially bad the dragons look. This show could very well jump the shark when they hatch the eggs.

	Spoiler By which you mean the dragons will be like tiny jumping sharks?
50	Bronn Stone	2011-06-13	I think someone on here mentioned it has to do with the SAG, hopefully HBO can fix this. SAG is an American organization and has no effect here.  Except that they recognize their British and European equivalents.  But there is no fixing it, without creating a labor crisis. Unionised/Unionized labor is a fixture in television production.  Go outside the union structure and you lose every actor in the show.  Unless they are willing to never work again after this job.  Plus you lose all of the trades, unless every cameraperson, lighting person, CG person (etc) is willing to never again work on a union project.
51	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	I don't see much substance added to a story or character in any of the battles that they could have (or could have not: $$) added to the episode, the desire for this seems masturbatory. Martin's characters are so complex and go through so much as a result of war. War's consequences seem to be more important than the heat-of-the-moment action scenes. That's a lust that can be sated with practically any old hollywood film nowadays.Considering also the logistical inefficiency of using precious air time to show something easily glossed over in so complex a story. Getting to know about Tyrion and Tysha was more important than watching Jaime's sword go back and forth with the redundancy of watching leaves fall off of a tree. In the end one can infer the tree lost it's leaves and that Jaime lost the battle. Though GRRM writes suspenseful action sequences, imho that's not what makes him particularly special.I think the episode stayed fairly true to the spirit of the books. Such a monumental story was deftly handled and I say deserves a 10. As GRRM shows, one can be emotionally pulled to the edge of one's seat, without falling to the sating of a lust. The best one to date I think...Also... did Martin himself actually show the Battle of the Whispering Wood? It's been awhile but I don't actually remember a firsthand account from the books so it seems strange to me to expect the show to spent massive time and money on it.The show is a visual medium whereas the books are a collection of third person povs. Robb wasn't a pov in the books but in the show he happens to be far more important because we're actually seeing his actions compared to hearing about from Bran's or Catelyn's pov. Point is, it's redundant for the show to be follow a pov arc during battle scenes because the drama of the show isn't pov centric but rather shows us everything in an ominiscient manner. For example, the show isn't pov centric like the books because we get additional scenes of other characters i.e Littlefinger, Joffrey, Cersei, Varys, Loras, Renly etc.
52	malarky1231	2011-06-13	Terrible terrible. I was hoping for an epic battle at the Green Forks, but I only saw the aftermath. If there was thing I was looking forward to the most this season, it had to be this battle, and they cut it. Why spend money on pointless sex scenes and extra scenes not from the book? They could've used this money to depict the battle. I'm also disappointed how Grey Wind got no screen time, Roose Bolton and Karstark are absent. Where the hell is the Blackfish? They could've at least mentioned Karstark's sons getting cut down. That means Karstark is cut from the show, and his whole mutiny thing is absent from the 3rd book. I wouldn't be surprised if Bolton is cut out from the show, bc they could just get the Freys to mastermind the whole Red Wedding scene. I had such high hopes for this episode, and this last part of the series. Now i know better, lower expectations are needed to enjoy this show. 
However I heard Martin will be writing the S2 episode about the Battle of Blackwater. So don't worry, there will be a battle eventually, a year from now. Next time, you can be sure not to be let down during the most crucial moment of the 2nd book.
53	Asarlai	2011-06-13	SAG is an American organization and has no effect here.  Except that they recognize their British and European equivalents.  But there is no fixing it, without creating a labor crisis. Unionised/Unionized labor is a fixture in television production.  Go outside the union structure and you lose every actor in the show.  Unless they are willing to never work again after this job.  Plus you lose all of the trades, unless every cameraperson, lighting person, CG person (etc) is willing to never again work on a union project.Damn, and yet low-income workers are almost never unionized.
54	Jaric	2011-06-13	They didn't have to show the battle is full, but what they could of done was..  Tyrion " where is Rob Stark " then cut to scene [Robs army charges and breaks the siege at River run, and the Capturing of Jaime].  Or something like that..  I know its not LOTR, or Braveheart, and its a TV show, But I know a lot of fans, and non reader viewers who were excited to see some combat, more than one on one, or small 5 on 5 skirmishes.  But army vs army..  yes Tyrion's back story is important, and Shae is a whore I get it...  but does like 20 minutes of air time need to be spent in Tyrion's tent?  I doubt it..
And on a side note the main issue with this show is they are doing the book in ten episodes...  try reading the book in 10 chapters?  From a readers point of view you can fill in the blanks cause you know the story, but from a non reader point of view.. everyone I talk to is confused... and I tell them to go read the books, and it will make sence.  LoL.
55	Winterfelled	2011-06-13	They didn't do a battle period. And condemning the condemners, way to take the high road. As a paying customer, I can complain all I want. If this was free, then yes I would have no grounds but it's not. So just live with it.All that noise, and you don't address my point. What a surprise. You wanted the show to do what the book did, and it didn't. That's the beginning and end of your complaint, and it is rooted in fanboy-ism and irrespective of the quality of the show itself. Therefore your complaints "as a paying customer" amount to nothing but petty, childish whining. The question was "How would you rate the show?" not "how closely did the show follow the book?" The battle might have lessened the quality of the show, for all we know, so to say that the show was somehow lacking without it is silly. So take some of your own advice and "Just live with it"The show was fine without the battle. It left more time for what the series is really about--the characters.
					
					
							Edited by Winterfelled, 13 June 2011 - 01:32 AM.
56	Jaric	2011-06-13	Terrible terrible. I was hoping for an epic battle at the Green Forks, but I only saw the aftermath. If there was thing I was looking forward to the most this season, it had to be this battle, and they cut it. Why spend money on pointless sex scenes and extra scenes not from the book? They could've used this money to depict the battle. I'm also disappointed how Grey Wind got no screen time, Roose Bolton and Karstark are absent. Where the hell is the Blackfish? They could've at least mentioned Karstark's sons getting cut down. That means Karstark is cut from the show, and his whole mutiny thing is absent from the 3rd book. I wouldn't be surprised if Bolton is cut out from the show, bc they could just get the Freys to mastermind the whole Red Wedding scene. I had such high hopes for this episode, and this last part of the series. Now i know better, lower expectations are needed to enjoy this show. However I heard Martin will be writing the S2 episode about the Battle of Blackwater. So don't worry, there will be a battle eventually, a year from now. Next time, you can be sure not to be let down during the most crucial moment of the 2nd book.Agreed! so agree
57	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-06-13	Notice how the people who are critical of the show are getting bashed, like we don't know what the hell we're talking about. Let me guess, our minds "don't  understand compounds or molecular structures," right?The fact is we all have standards and in this case we want battles and we want epic.  It's in the book, make it happen.Its not meant as bashing, more as puzzlement. For TV, this show has been about as 'epic' as things get. I am truly confused as to what some of you were expecting.
58	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	Spoiler By which you mean the dragons will be like tiny jumping sharks?
I don't know why, but I just keep picturing it as looking like something from The Dark Crystal or Fragglerock. I don't know why. I really hope nothing is made from felt next episode.
59	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	Its not meant as bashing, more as puzzlement. For TV, this show has been about as 'epic' as things get. I am truly confused as to what some of you were expecting.I agree. I want this show to last through the entire book series. If that means I don't get an epic movie type battle scene, I am okay with that, as long as there are some really well done smaller scenes throughout.
60	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	All that noise, and you don't address my point. What a surprise. You wanted the show to do what the book did, and it didn't. That's the beginning and end of your complaint, and it is rooted in fanboy-ism and irrespective of the quality of the show itself. Therefore your complaints "as a paying customer" amount to nothing but petty, childish whining. The question was "How would you rate the show?" not "how closely did the show follow the book?" The battle might have lessened the quality of the show, for all we know, so to say that the show was somehow lacking without it is silly. So take some of your own advice and "Just live with it"The show was fine without the battle. It left more time for what the series is really about--the characters.I've rated the show, if you cared enough to read the earlier pages you would see that. And yeah, the show is lacking without battles. We have 8 episodes of build up for a battle between Starks and Lannisters. Then it happens off-camera. Is that not a legitimate enough gripe?
61	brian_177	2011-06-13	Terrible terrible. I was hoping for an epic battle at the Green Forks, but I only saw the aftermath. If there was thing I was looking forward to the most this season, it had to be this battle, and they cut it. Why spend money on pointless sex scenes and extra scenes not from the book? They could've used this money to depict the battle. I'm also disappointed how Grey Wind got no screen time, Roose Bolton and Karstark are absent. Where the hell is the Blackfish? They could've at least mentioned Karstark's sons getting cut down. That means Karstark is cut from the show, and his whole mutiny thing is absent from the 3rd book. I wouldn't be surprised if Bolton is cut out from the show, bc they could just get the Freys to mastermind the whole Red Wedding scene. I had such high hopes for this episode, and this last part of the series. Now i know better, lower expectations are needed to enjoy this show.I agree it would have been nice for a big battle scene, just for the fun of it. The reality, though, is that big battles isn't what the books are about, and isn't what the show should be about. On the issue of money, it's not as if they could cut out 5 minutes of Shae and add 5 minutes of battle. That's not really how it works, and even a 50 million dollar budget only goes so far; there's a reason the Hobbit films have a 500 million dollar price tag--big, epic, computerized battles cost big, epic sums of money.I definitely agree with you about Greywind. I'm missing all the wolves. We haven't really seen much of Summer (has he even been named, yet?), we've seen very little of Rickon or Shaggydog, and it seems like they only brought Ghost back because there was no better way to deal with the wights.On Roose Bolton and Karstark. I agree that Bolton might be out completely, but I'm not too worried. They can make anyone a turncoat in AFFC, or as you say just have the Freys do it all. Similarly, just because they don't mention Karstark NOW doesn't mean they can't do it later. Maybe one of his sons dies in a future battle. Maybe they contrive some feud between Houses Lannister and Karstark that makes Karstark want to kill Jaime. Just because they don't do it exactly as it was in the books doesn't mean it won't happen.
62	Asarlai	2011-06-13	I agree it would have been nice for a big battle scene, just for the fun of it. The reality, though, is that big battles isn't what the books are about, and isn't what the show should be about.How many times in the past two months have they talked about the Starks and the Lannisters going to war? The lion and the wolf at each other's throats? Troops mobilizing, armies on the move, peace fleeing, war upon the realm... But it's not important and we shouldn't see any of it.
63	Lady Blackfish	2011-06-13	I gave this episode a 7, though I actually wish I had given episode 3 a lower mark than I believe I did at the time so that I could score this one a little lower too and still be consistent.  I didn't dislike it much but I did feel it missed the boat in terms of building flow and drama within the episode unit.  I liked individual elements but the whole was perhaps lacking compared to the potential, I would have liked it more if the dramatic end felt like it had more build up throughout the episode.  Off the top of my head I feel like it would've benefited from cutting between the different arcs more, so that each arc could make some use of some convenient cuts and the different dramatic peaks could play off each other.
Going in to the finale, GRRM's episode, #8 (The Pointy End) is still my favorite.
					
					
							Edited by Lady Blackfish, 13 June 2011 - 02:00 AM.
64	BookWyrm	2011-06-13	The show is a visual medium whereas the books are a collection of third person povs. Robb wasn't a pov in the books but in the show he happens to be far more important because we're actually seeing his actions compared to hearing about from Bran's or Catelyn's pov. Point is, it's redundant for the show to be follow a pov arc during battle scenes because the drama of the show isn't pov centric but rather shows us everything in an ominiscient manner. For example, the show isn't pov centric like the books because we get additional scenes of other characters i.e Littlefinger, Joffrey, Cersei, Varys, Loras, Renly etc.Honestly, I understand what you're saying except for the bolded part, but I can't make the correlation between this post and my first one. I think you missed a point in my first post. The expenses of producing such large-scale battles as GRRM has written would make the price of creating the show rise dramatically. Maybe later you'll get to see a huge battle such as the Battle of the Blackwater, because of it's significance to the development of certain characters (i.e. Davos's experience in the battle, the attempted assassination of Tyrion or even what it forced Sandor to do), but spending such significant cash and time on something that doesn't actually advance the story in a essential way that isn't sort of superficial just isn't rational from anyone's point of view.A person can argue all they want about how too much airtime may have been spent with Tyrion in his tent or with Ned in his cell etc. etc. but to have a fully logical argument you need logical consistency. Saying less time should have been spent in Tyrion's tent then argue for precious time to be spent on a battle that is unnecessary to advance the plot and characterization falls utterly short of convincing. I understand that many of you wanted to see a battle, but why exactly? Besides just "wanting to see the battle" what reason for including it is there? Saying that it's important in the advancement of the plot is a useless and baseless argument because I still don't see how. There's virtually no actual explaining going on for the Pro-Battle Argument besides a primeval "b/c I said so" attitude.
65	Asarlai	2011-06-13	I gave this episode a 7, though I actually wish I had given episode 3 a lower mark than I believe I did at the time so that I could score this one a little lower too and still be consistent.You can delete and recast poll votes.
66	sadfascist	2011-06-13	i was going to rate this episode much lower (like a 5), but then I remembered all the awesome stuff that happened in the first half such as Varys/Ned and the Aemon speech and the Twin scenes and the Mormont fight.
So 7. 
The last twenty minutes or so were pretty bad though. No battles, not enough Ned, and the most WTF out of place scene in the whole show (drinking game?? Tyrion sob story?? that stuff belongs in season 2, NOT the climax of this one). Very disappointing.
					
					
							Edited by sadfascist, 13 June 2011 - 02:08 AM.
67	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	The lack of battles dont really bother me.  THey were never a huge part of the series to me I guess, esp since we never even got RObbs POV.  I liked the episode and woulda gave it an 8.  
However, the horrible actress, and horrible changes they seem to have made to Shaes character  drop it down like a whole point or two to me.  Its like bugging me way more than it should.
68	SFA-OK	2011-06-13	How many times in the past two months have they talked about the Starks and the Lannisters going to war? The lion and the wolf at each other's throats? Troops mobilizing, armies on the move, peace fleeing, war upon the realm... But it's not important and we shouldn't see any of it.Very valid point. I thought they handled Tryion's scene pretty well if they were going to cut that battle scene out (I really liked the camera shot of him on his back).What I didn't like was after that scene it cut to Robb's army in the woods and it was pretty hard to tell what was even going on. That wasn't handled very well at all and seemed very rushed. It was much, much better in the book, much more descriptive and it showed what an ass kicker Jaime is. That is another scene that people that haven't read the books are really missing out on. Honestly, I find it hard to believe that people that haven't read the books even understand half of what is going on in relation to Robb's army vs. the Lannisters. There's no map for reference and details are either glossed over or scenes involving the build up are rushed through. It was definitely anti-climatic the way it was handled in this episode.
69	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-13	Lots of things had to be changed for budgetary reasons. Huge battles between armies of 10,000+ men each is clearly beyond the scope of the budget.
If you want to compare this to big budget movies like the Lord of the Rings movies go ahead, they had 285 million to spend on approximately the same amount of footage (across 3 movies). So for 50 million at LotR quality (cg, battles, sets, costumes, actors) we get approximately half of a single LotR movie. Clearly not enough to tell the story of 'A Game of Thrones'. Instead we got some great actors (feature quality), amazing costumes (feature quality), some terrific sets and locations (feature quality), no "epic" battles but more than a few well choreographed fights (good not great), and cg so far has been light mostly compositing and matte work (good not great, fingers crossed for next episode). All considered, the money they had was put to use where it had impact over the entire season and not just one "kick ass" episode.
Aside from all that... I really liked the episode, gave it an 8. I'm actually a fan of the decision to knock out Tyrion, and not have him turn into some super warrior like he often does in the books. I never could accept the scenes where Tyrion becomes even somewhat capable at combat, but that's just me.
Only one scene bothered me, somebody called it the "sleepover" scene, and I can't think of a better name for it. I would be able to live with it, if they got the Tysha backstory right, but tragic "golden ending" was omitted for some reason.
Nitpicks, a comment about Long Claw being a bastard (hand-and-a-half) sword, and Frey's throne's back wasn't two tall towers connected by a bridge (like their sigil.. for some reason I remembered that description). Shea was meaner, than I recall.
Oh and for the record.. The Varys & Ned dungeon scenes are some of my favourite scenes. Go Go Eunuch Power!
					
					
							Edited by Bowl o' Brown, 13 June 2011 - 02:25 AM.
70	brian_177	2011-06-13	How many times in the past two months have they talked about the Starks and the Lannisters going to war? The lion and the wolf at each other's throats? Troops mobilizing, armies on the move, peace fleeing, war upon the realm... But it's not important and we shouldn't see any of it.The lion and the wolf are at each other's throats. We know that Robb just sacrificed 2000 men to Tywin's host. Jaime's just been captured. Ned's had his head chopped off. Sansa is captive. All of Ned's guard and other staff in KL have already been killed.How does showing us a massive, computerized battle add anything to THE STORY. Yes, I'm aware that battles are great to watch--I love them. But generally they don't add anything to THE STORY.Anyways, we never saw either battle in the book. The Whispering Wood was detailed to us after the fact, and we only saw an extremely small fraction of the battle on the Green Fork, because everything we saw was from Tyrion's perspective. Really, all we missed was Tyrion killing a few people. That's what, a battle that would end up being 40 stunt guys? Hardly the epic battle that people are complaining was left out of the show...Incidentally, I AM disappointed they left out the battle from Tyrion's perspective, because I've always thought that the fact that Tyrion involves himself in the battles he's at (whether by his own choice or not) is a great part of his character.
71	Grack21	2011-06-13	Honestly, I understand what you're saying except for the bolded part, but I can't make the correlation between this post and my first one. I think you missed a point in my first post. The expenses of producing such large-scale battles as GRRM has written would make the price of creating the show rise dramatically. Maybe later you'll get to see a huge battle such as the Battle of the Blackwater, because of it's significance to the development of certain characters (i.e. Davos's experience in the battle, the attempted assassination of Tyrion or even what it forced Sandor to do), but spending such significant cash and time on something that doesn't actually advance the story in a essential way that isn't sort of superficial just isn't rational from anyone's point of view.A person can argue all they want about how too much airtime may have been spent with Tyrion in his tent or with Ned in his cell etc. etc. but to have a fully logical argument you need logical consistency. Saying less time should have been spent in Tyrion's tent then argue for precious time to be spent on a battle that is unnecessary to advance the plot and characterization falls utterly short of convincing. I understand that many of you wanted to see a battle, but why exactly? Besides just "wanting to see the battle" what reason for including it is there? Saying that it's important in the advancement of the plot is a useless and baseless argument because I still don't see how. There's virtually no actual explaining going on for the Pro-Battle Argument besides a primeval "b/c I said so" attitude.You just said everything I was thinking, but better.  /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  You icon still gives me nightmares though.
72	Elrick	2011-06-13	I think that many don't understand how much time other than cost that battles would cause. At this stage I think that they are focused on character development maybe as the series progresses we'll be seeing more and more battle scenes. I admit I wasn't as happy with this episode as the last one but I did enjoy it all the same.
The actress that played Shae was fine but I just didn't think how she treated Tyrion really fit how she was in the books at all. She was also more deceptive and acted like she loved him all the time. Sorry I am just rather frustrated with this character lol
					
					
							Edited by Elrick, 13 June 2011 - 02:36 AM.
73	Lord of Groans	2011-06-13	What the hell? No battle of the Whispering Wood? Are you kidding me? Everything else in this episode was great, but how can you leave out that battle?
74	sadfascist	2011-06-13	While we are at it, we must condemn that worthless good-for-nothing bastard Shakespeare.  How dare he tell the story of Henry V without actually showing Agincourt.  I feel robbed.  If he actually existed and if not for the fact he's been dead for 500+ years, I'd kick him in the trousers.Except that both of the film adaptions of Henry V (by those incompetent hacks Kenneth Branagh and Laurence Oliver) did in fact show the battle of Agincourt. As they should have. Seriously, this was about the worst example you could have picked.I think that many don't understand how much time other than cost that battles would cause. At this stage I think that they are focused on character development maybe as the series progresses we'll be seeing more and more battle scenes.To be blunt, that's nonsense. In this very episode there was a SEVEN MINUTE LONG drinking game scene. Seven. Minutes. The entire Arya/Syrio/Trant/stableboy sequence in the last episode (the one GRRM wrote) was five minutes. Dany's total screentime was six minutes, including the introduction of Mirri Maz Duur and the Mago/Drogo fight. And guess how much time you would have had if you added up all of the scenes at the Wall in that episode together? Seven. Minutes.  It's legitimate to talk about budget issues. Fine. But don't scold about time constraints when the show itself pisses away time like a drunken frat boy.Cut out the Tyrion drinking game and they could have shown Green Forks AND Whispering Wood AND still have time left over for one more Ned scene.   TERRIBLE.  So far I've thought that every episode except for #8 (only one written by GRRM himself) has sucked compared to what it could've been... Bottom line: I hate these arrogant tv writers and wish them all the worst.  Stop messing around with GRRM's story, you suck!Snake from Dorne: I don't agree with everything you said but this was a righteous rant. Well done ser.
					
					
							Edited by sadfascist, 13 June 2011 - 03:37 AM.
75	Decius	2011-06-13	10/10. Loved it, basically perfect. Yeah, a battle scene would be nice, but they are in the end just fluff. Guys bashing swords into one another isn't the part that's interesting, I can get that by playing Shogun 2 or watching 300 or LotR. It's a really nice background for character development and story, but it's just that - a background. Even GRRM decided not to show certain battles and his only real constraint is the page count. However, I'm disappointed that Tyrion didn't get to be a bit of a badass during the battle.
Loved the scene at the Twins, loved the scene between Jon and Mormont and Aemon (though the Bastard sword thing would have been nice to hear). Really like Shae, but I adored the actress before (not for her hardcore porn stuff, but for "Head On"). The slumber party scene was great, the bromance between Tyrion and Bronn is wonderful.  Should satisfy the people who missed the Tysha-reveal (except the "made me go last a n pay her a gold piece"-thing missing).
The things moved a bit too fast on the Dothraki front, but the fight between Mormont and one of the bloodriders was badass (even if scaled back a lot from the books).
The whole Baelor scene was perfect, down to using Ice for the beheading and Varys running to Joffrey to make him reconsider in the background. Joffrey is such a smug, hateable bunghole.
					
					
							Edited by Decius, 13 June 2011 - 03:39 AM.
76	Winterfelled	2011-06-13	I've rated the show, if you cared enough to read the earlier pages you would see that. And yeah, the show is lacking without battles. We have 8 episodes of build up for a battle between Starks and Lannisters. Then it happens off-camera. Is that not a legitimate enough gripe?No, it's not a legitimate enough gripe. You're complaining that the TV series didn't show the Whispering Wood battle, even though in the books the battle is only heard, not seen. So really your complaints are ridiculous. And then you scoff at the notion of budgetary constraints like a petulant child who wants a new toy. How could you possibly expect to be taken seriously?
77	TheEvilKing	2011-06-13	I gave it a 9. I was glad they didn't show the battle scenes as they would have been crap anyway.Not sure what to make of Shae, we'll see how her character develops. I think they've basically made her smarter and more inscrutable because if she was played like she is in the books, it'd be incredibly obvious she doesn't love Tyrion. They want to make the audience wonder. That's my guess anyway.They lose a point in the aftermath to the Whispering Wood being too quick. They didn't really give any explanation. It just seemed like Robb and a few dudes rode off then came back with Jaime Lannister.The final scene was handled very well. I really liked The Twins and Lord Frey.
78	Stonering	2011-06-13	"It's legitimate to talk about budget issues. Fine. But don't scold about time constraints when the show itself pisses away time like a drunken frat boy."
"Cut out the Tyrion drinking game and they could have shown Green Forks AND Whispering Wood AND still have time left over for one more Ned scene."  
The time constraints the original poster was talking about are not screen time, but filming time.  Battles take a very long time to film and edit.  And as everyone knows, time is also money.
79	Rodgex	2011-06-13	But the battle was not there in the book either, they are being very faithful to his work by not including it, it is a fair point that they could have explained the capturing of Jaime better, that could definitely have used more time, but not showing the battle was the right decision."Cut out the Tyrion drinking game and they could have shown Green Forks AND Whispering Wood AND still have time left over for one more Ned scene."I really liked that scene, it was very well done, and we got to see Shae, I was waiting for that.Btw, I give the episode 10/10 (the edit was to include this)
					
					
							Edited by Rodgex, 13 June 2011 - 04:52 AM.
80	Ealdorman Halasahr	2011-06-13	I gave this episode 7 out of 10.It was all right, I think, with those things I always seem to be bugged about in any show. For instance, whereas I liked the fighting scene including Ser Jorah, I didn't like that his sword - after cutting a man in the face - was completely clean when he shoved the blade back in the scabbard. (Same thing in episode 8: the man next to Bran at the table - after Grey Wind's fingerbiting - puts his dagger away in one clip, but in the next he's holding the dagger in his hand. Hm.)If the producers don't have the budget for epic battle scenes, that's fine by me. There are a few battles mentioned in the books too, that are not exactly explicitly written.What I didn't like was the editing when Tyrion was off for battle. His own mountain "bannermen" (of course, a manly man like Shagga is no one's bannerman, I know - he'd most likely cut off my balls and feed them to a goat if I claimed as much, right?) knocked him out - CUT, NEXT SCENE ...... and Tyrion's floating about after the entire battle's done. What was that? Did I blink?I interpret him being knocked out and him floating about (that is, him lying on a wagon) as two separate ... what I'm trying to say is: Do you think Tyrion actually fought anything at all (which I happen to believe), or do you think he was knocked out by his own "bannerman" and stayed on the ground throughout the battle?Tyrion staying low, as Bronn put suggested, was indeed literal in these scenes.Anyway, minor complaints, really, as you might have noticed.Loved the Arya-Ned-sequence. Lot's of tension and emotions there. (No Tower of Joy, though, no Lyanna, no "promise me, Ned". Do you think they'll leave it out entirely? But how could they, I wonder. How could they?)
81	Icebreaker	2011-06-13	Gave it a 5. Lack of battles is a real downer for me, especially not seeing Jaime and Gray Wolf in action. One could say they aren't critical for the show, but I think battle scenes are needed in order to balance out all the talking and intrique which takes place in the series. George wrote some really epic battles and missing out on them was a major let down for me.
82	julandro	2011-06-13	The chapter is very good. I understand that the budget is very high, but should not ignore the battles. I've seen the episode with a friend and was very disappointed to see that did not show the battle.
83	Asharak	2011-06-13	To those who think itÂ<U+0092>s completely acceptable to cut out the battles:
The book series is leading up to a war with "The Others", book 6 and 7 will probably have a lot of that. Would it be okay if we never got to see any battle scenes with them, would it truly feel satisfying after 5+ seasons of build up? Same with the wildlings attacking the wall in book 3, which is the culmination of JonÂ<U+0092>s storyline in book 2 and 3, do you think its good storytelling to not show it?
I have/will read the books so I know the story in detail, but would people who havenÂ<U+0092>t read them consider the TV series a complete product in itself if it never shows any battles/big fights?
84	Mexal	2011-06-13	I gave it a 10. I don't care about the battles. I like them, don't get me wrong, but I don't need to see them. It's not what excites me about these books and I don't think it's necessary for this show. The characters are the most important part, always has been and in my opinion, always should be. I think if they had more budget and 2 more episodes, they could have done it but with only 50m and 10 episodes, there just is not enough time to spend 5 minutes on a battle. I much prefer the Tyrion scene as it sets up the ending of the 3rd book and perfectly explains his character and his father's character.
85	Mad Queen	2011-06-13	9, it was the best one yet. Ned's execution scene was just as good as I had imagined, Aemon's speech too, and Shae seems very promising. She may turn out to be a more interesting character than she was in the books.
86	Flou	2011-06-13	Gave it 9/10. I would have preferred if they did some build-up for the Battle near Riverrun. Now there really wasn't any excitement involved in it. Didn't expect them to really show much when it comes to the actual battles. It's not really that much they can do with their current budget and the limited time they are shooting.
87	Greyjoy67	2011-06-13	I gave this one an 8. It still deserves a high rating because the acting was brilliant - the last scene was absolutely perfect. I was close to tears actually, it was that well done. Arya looking on at the bellowing crowd reminded me of Narnia for some reason, another fantastical story, and yet both had a very human feel to them. And that's what this series is, a human story - a drama. It just happens to be a drama with infrequent violence. Was I disappointed at the lack of a battle? Well... yes. I still was slightly. And that's why it doesn't get a 9 or 10 like previous episodes. I agree that after all the build up of a tension between the Starks and Lannisters, there should really have been something to show it finally bubbling over into a battle, even if it was just 2 minutes of hacking and slashing. I did enjoy Tyrion's scene about his wife, I think they got the mood of it just right. BUT, they didn't really need an extra 3/4 minute scene introducing the girl in such depth. Perhaps it was those few minutes that could have added weight to the Robb story-arc. I also feel that the Jon Snow storyline could have been condensed a bit, and found myself groaning when they revealed the Targaryen thing in such a drawn out manner. Maybe it's because I knew it was coming, but at this point in the story it is not an interesting enough revelation next to the action that is actually happening down south. So yeah. I would have given it a 7, but the execution scene was fantastic.
88	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-13	Still can't go above 8 for any episode in the series yet. While I can understand why they didn't have them for various reasons it was still a bitter blow not to show any battle scenes. I really wanted to see Tyrion do something on the battlefield, and to be knocked unconscious before the battle even begins was rather pathetic.
I thought they did the final scene very well, and having that one word between Yoren and Ned was a nice touch.
89	Ramsay Bolton	2011-06-13	I felt it was damn near perfect. This was an important episode with many big scenes, and they nailed them pretty much spot on. Walder Frey wasn't really as I imagined him, but thats a minor quibble. 
I'd rather miss out on battle scenes instead of having them done half-assed. That's all I can say on that subject.
Interestingly enough the ending wasn't what got me teary-eyed, it was the scene where Robb rode out from the woods and Catelyn cried in relief. Really enjoying Michelle Fairley in her role.
90	Kaitscralt	2011-06-13	Still can't go above 8 for any episode in the series yet. While I can understand why they didn't have them for various reasons it was still a bitter blow not to show any battle scenes. I really wanted to see Tyrion do something on the battlefield, and to be knocked unconscious before the battle even begins was rather pathetic.I'd rather see Tyrion knocked out early on then acting like a superhero on the battlefield. The books are too unrealistic in this regard.
91	Reposado	2011-06-13	If they want to avoid showing battle scenes, which is understandable, they missed a golden opportunity to reasonably skip a battle. After all, we only hear about Whispering Wood. I would have been happy, if we had simply heard about Whispering Wood. If maybe 30 seconds were cut from the drinking scene for someone to breathlessly explain to Catelyn when happened, before Jaime is revealed as a captive.  
Or the Tywin post-battle scene where he learns that Robb wasn't in command and was riding hard to Riverrun with most of his men.
Yeah, it's about character, but how about they show how great a strategic move Robb made?
92	sennahoj	2011-06-13	I'd give this episode an 8.
The scenes on the Wall, with Jon and Mormont and Jon and Aemon, were well done, I also liked the Dothraki scenes. We finally see Jorah fight. And the horse sacrifice was ... well ... bloody.
Walder Frey was great, although I imagined him older-looking. Bantering with Catelyn, putting his offspring in their place, and fondling his teenage wife, all at the same time.
While I agree that the bonding scene with Bronn, Shae and Tyrion was a bit long, I liked the feel of that sequence. And I think Sibel Kekilli will be great as Shae in season 2.
As for the Battles-Not-Appearing-In-This-Film, I felt a bit disappointed at first due to the build-up with armies marching on one another, but I understand that there are budget reasons. I thought it was a clever idea just to show the aftermath of the Green Fork. At that moment I guessed they chose not to show that battle in order to show at least some of the Whispering Wood. Even considering the budget constraints, I still think the Whispering Wood could have been handled differently. You don't need to have to big armies clashing as it's basically an ambush. Maybe they could have shown the aftermath of that battle too as they did with the Green Fork, with fighting dying down and only a couple of soldiers cutting the remaining foes down. At least the capture of Jaime should have got some screen time in my opionion, to give both him and possibly Robb some fighting time.
That said, I'd rather they did not show these battles of which there are no POVs in the books anyway, than not showing the Blackwater later on in the series. But if the producers do not show them, at least give the audience a hint why Robb splits his forces. Dramatically, it makes sense for the audience to find out that Robb's not at the Green Fork at the same time as the Lannisters, but the whole point of dividing the army is lost without some exposition. It could have been easily done. Take a map (as in episode 8), take some markers (cups, coins, chess pieces) to point out where the Starks and the Lannisters are, where Riverrun is and why it's so important. And then some bannerman of Robb's, the Greatjon for example, could say something along the lines of "You can't fight two battles with just one army, boy!" and THEN the non-reader might understand why Robb and most of his men didn't show up at the Green Fork.
93	Carldog	2011-06-13	Reading a lot about how the budget held back the battles. Not good enough.
There are a lot of pointless scenes in the seires that cost a fair amount of money, such as long, drawn out, hard core sex.   Those women get paid well to preform, and preform they did.  
Don't defend this with budget constrains when all it needed was a few clips.
94	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-13	Reading a lot about how the budget held back the battles. Not good enough.There are a lot of pointless scenes in the seires that cost a fair amount of money, such as long, drawn out, hard core sex.   Those women get paid well to preform, and preform they did.  Don't defend this with budget constrains when all it needed was a few clips.Is this a joke or do you actually think sex scenes cost as much time and money to do as battle scenes? Rome had twice the budget of Game of Thrones and showed insignificant amounts of battle.
95	Carldog	2011-06-13	Mr. Bastard,
At any point in my post did I say sex scenes cost as much as battle scenes? No.  
What I said was sex scenes cost more than, let's say, your average person to person interaction in KL or at the Wall.  Cut back on sex and have more money to do other things.
It's called managing your money.
96	Black Lion	2011-06-13	I gave an 8. I know it was great television and I had not expected to have Whispering Woods. But no Whispering Woods AND no Battle at the Green Fork? That's two points down, sorry. I really hoped for at least one, even if short, battle scene. I also hoped to hear some amazing pipe music that could be heard in the preview, but again the music was immemorable and flat as table.ETA:
	Spoiler SPOILER from CoKNow I am dreading the Blackwater. My bets are that Pod will accidentally knock out Tyrion (and give him a non-CGI demanding nose scar), Davos will fall overboard while taking an arrow in the arm and we will only know how the great strategic move by Tyrion played out by having Bronn discuss with him the aftermath of the battle. Kinda sad.END OF SPOILER from CoK 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 13 June 2011 - 10:38 AM.
97	Snow's Ghost	2011-06-13	My first 10 as well. Amazing.I thought it was amazing, as well - a definite 10...there are so many details that the writers and directors are addressing.  It was a difficult episode to watch - Dany's struggles and Ned's death; however, it stayed true to Martin, and that is what matters.  I cannot believe that next week's episode will be the last.  The series is phenomenal...On a completely separate note - can someone help me?  There seems to be some problems with my account, and as a fairly new user, I have no idea what to do, but Ran, I know you are an administrator - please help...I cannot look at my own profile - I keep getting error messages saying that '(I) do not have permission to...'  What do I do?  I haven't logged on since June 6th, I think, yet when I tried this morning, I was BLOCKED from everything?????????????????
					
					
							Edited by NovemberElizabeth, 13 June 2011 - 09:57 AM.
98	Lannister Fan	2011-06-13	I rated 8 because like everyone else, I felt key battles were missing. They're not big enough in the grand picture things...but still. Other then that, I loved this ep. My favourite after episode 8.
99	Lokhtar	2011-06-13	Seriously, if you guys wanted a $150 million movie with all the special effects that tells the story in two hours, go for it.
100	Abaddon	2011-06-13	Mr. Bastard,At any point in my post did I say sex scenes cost as much as battle scenes? No.  What I said was sex scenes cost more than, let's say, your average person to person interaction in KL or at the Wall.  Cut back on sex and have more money to do other things.It's called managing your money.Or, more correctly, managing someone else's money.  Since it's not your money they're spending.There are a lot of back-seat drivers along for the ride: http://www.youtube.c...?v=tZXM_g3mqew.
101	modehead	2011-06-13	I'm sure the only reason they didn't do the battles was budget restraints.  We all would've loved to watch these battles, no one denies that. But if you're hating on the show because it doesn't have an unlimited budget, you're being childish.
102	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-13	On a completely separate note - can someone help me?  There seems to be some problems with my account, and as a fairly new user, I have no idea what to do, but Ran, I know you are an administrator - please help...I cannot look at my own profile - I keep getting error messages saying that '(I) do not have permission to...'  What do I do?  I haven't logged on since June 6th, I think, yet when I tried this morning, I was BLOCKED from everything?????????????????There's a thread about this in the Help section, but here's the short version explanation: We've turned off that functionality until traffic dies down a bit. Otherwise, the forum would be experiencing SQL errors pretty much constantly. Once things calm, that functionality will be restored. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 13 June 2011 - 10:41 AM.
103	Snow's Ghost	2011-06-13	There's a thread about this in the Help section, but here's the short version explanation: We've turned off that functionality until traffic dies down a bit. Otherwise, the forum would be experiencing SQL errors pretty much constantly. Once things calm, that functionality will be restored. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I'm getting more than just SQL errors - I can't even view my own profile...my picture isn't showing up and I get the error  message that says I do not have permission to "look at member profiles."  I'm just trying to get to my own????????  Am I to understand that this is blocked all together???
104	Emo Jon Snow	2011-06-13	I love it, voted a 10.  I feel bad for those who can't enjoy the show
105	malarky1231	2011-06-13	There's a large battle/conflict at the end of every book. Even in AFFC, we have the siege of Riverrun. To not include even one of those, just one friggin battle scene, is a slap in the face. It's like the whole plot was building up to that point, and the writers and producers decided, you know what, we can skip this and spend the money saved on T&A scenes and character development.
106	pixelchild	2011-06-13	rated it a 5. was expecting this the be the best episode by far but i was more immersed in it rather than emotionally attached. it needed those battles shown in my opinion. so how epic it really was.
107	suncoast	2011-06-13	I also only registered here because of this episode. I am a long time reader of the site though (from before the series) and have been an avid reader of the series since college.
I think the dramatic side of the episode was still there and enjoyed it for what it was in its own right separate from the books. The slumber party and game scene was a little drawn out for my taste but I did like the revelation by Tyrion coming into play though I think it lost some effect and luster minus the gold coin for him at the end. The final scene was definitely gut wrenching. I'm not as upset about the battles not being on film but I am rather upset at the way Tyrion was portrayed; Tyrion is no super dwarf warrior but was very much an exceptional commander in the field when the opportunities were given him and he fought as best he could given his attributes in the books. 
For the overall dramatic effect of the episode I could have given it a ten but between the disappointment of absolutely not a hint of actual action in the field and the portrayal of Tyrion I can only muster to give it an 8 out of 10 . . . The Tyrion thing just miffed me a bit too much.
					
					
							Edited by suncoast, 13 June 2011 - 11:26 AM.
108	igoraki	2011-06-13	I'm sure the only reason they didn't do the battles was budget restraints.  We all would've loved to watch these battles, no one denies that. But if you're hating on the show because it doesn't have an unlimited budget, you're being childish.Am pretty sure the budget was good enough for few quick dirty battle scenes,but my guess is they wasted a lots of money on the pilot that was never aired.So they did at last 11 episodes actually, for this season.
109	malarky1231	2011-06-13	Martin will be writing the Battle of Blackwater episode. You can expect plently of actions scenes in that episode, bc something that important can't feasibly be cut
110	Carldog	2011-06-13	They've all but cut the dire wolves...
111	valacirca	2011-06-13	I feel like as good as the episode was, I couldn't give it a perfect score after they cut out the two major battles included in the source material. Cutting out the first one was actually not a big deal, intriguingly. I thought that knocking Tyrion out and then him waking up after the battle added to how they were portraying him and all we lost were action scenes. But cutting out the second one was a bit more detrimental to the story because it seemed to quick and were weren't given enough exposition to explain what Robb's plan was and how they carried out that plan.But for the most part, everything else was top notch. Most of the scenes were adapted excellently from the book. I especially loved how Maester Aemon revealed that he was a Targaryen9/10
112	Noir Dove	2011-06-13	I don't understand all the complaints. There doesn't need to be battles for this show to be awesome. And the show doesn't need to be word for word in order to pay homage.
The writers and producers are not sitting in their offices laughing "HAHA those NERDS! We sure got em this time!"
No.
They did the best they could. And darn it, their best is pretty fucking impressive.
No spoilers... but something happening next week may be a big budget scene. And I am certain it will be spectacular.
113	Snake from Dorne	2011-06-13	You can't tell a story about war and cut all the battle scenes.  If you can't afford to tell the story right, don't tell at all.  It's distressing having this glorious tale reduced to an inferior product.
BTW, I guess my last post was censored -- for being too negative? --  even though it generated several replies in agreement before removal.  A thousand apoligies.  I didn't realize this site was hosted from Syria.  I would've hoped a site dedicate to a WRITER would have more respect for free speech.
Hopefully what follows will pass the censors: These HBO writers are rank amateurs who have no business interpreting GRRM's work. Every episode (except #8) reminds me of a child trying to re-interpret a Picasso.  HBO is demeaning GRRMs art.  
I won't even talk much about the utterly contrived scenes they add  (Ned noticing Arya in a crowd of thousands, Tyrion being knocked unconsious just before battle for the entire battle, etc).  The #1 great thing about A Game of Thrones is it's realism.  Yet HBO can't resist sensationalising the plot for cheap kicks.  They treated The Wire and Deadwood with far more respect.
If you want me to put it any nicer than that, have HBO produce a better series.  The writers should be fired.  I refuse to water-down my opinion for anyone's benefit.
					
					
							Edited by Snake from Dorne, 13 June 2011 - 01:27 PM.
114	tarantella	2011-06-13	I didn't like how they did Tyrion's "battle" scene.  I guess it's inevitable since they obviously don't have the budget to show an actual battle, but still.  It makes me wonder what they'll do when they have to depict the Battle of the Blackwater, since they can't just gloss over that.  
Aside from that, everything was great.  Good thing they got the Tysha story in.  I don't remember Shae being a foreigner, or being so bitchy either, but I liked her well enough.  I noticed they're not implying she's an actual whore here, she almost comes off like the daughter of exiled nobility or something like that.  So this might put a very different spin on the Tyrion/Shae relationship in the next seasons.
And the last scene still got to me, even though I knew it would happen.  You were too good for us, Ned.
115	valacirca	2011-06-13	You can't tell a story about war and cut all the battle scenes.Yes you can.
116	Songlian	2011-06-13	Yes you can. Of course you can. You can do anything you want to.  But it doesn't have to be good, though. 9 for me. Should have been a 10, but they skipped the first battle, and poorly handled the second. The rest was fantastic, especially Dany's scenes, which literally gave me goose bumps.
							Edited by Songlian, 13 June 2011 - 02:14 PM.
117	apt54	2011-06-13	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.Yes, I can see how entire HBO is panicking and calling their banne... erm emergency meetings over losing one viewer.sulking over a TV show... grow up kid.Totally agree with you mate. I didn't expect them to show Whispering Wood, thought they might show Jaime cutting down a few Northmen just to give him some air-time but the way they completely distorted the other battle was just awful. It made Tyrion look like an incompetent oaf, deprived of us a pretty exciting scene which I enjoyed in the books and like you said, this battle was small potatoes compared to what's ahead. Maybe budgetary constraints? Well if they'd just followed Tyrions contribution to the battle for a couple minutes showing the tribemen fighting it wouldn't have been that costly. Also, if I hadn't read the series i'd have no idea what the significance of those two battles was. The friend I was watching with was clueless that Riverun's siege had just been lifted not to mention the predicament now facing Tywin's half of the Lannister army which is effectively cut-off. IMO this particular episode simply didn't do the book any justice.Just to add, Not only did my mate (who hasn't read the series) not know Riverun's siege had just been lifted, he didn't know it was besieged in the first place.....  But at least he knows that Bronn's dad beat him and that Shae doesn't like it when Tyrion talks about her parents!If you had not been a reader you would not understand the significance of 18,000 men annihilating 30,000? wow, dude... you're awesome
118	apt54	2011-06-13	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.Yes, I can see how entire HBO is panicking and calling their banne... erm emergency meetings over losing one viewer.sulking over a TV show... grow up kid.Totally agree with you mate. I didn't expect them to show Whispering Wood, thought they might show Jaime cutting down a few Northmen just to give him some air-time but the way they completely distorted the other battle was just awful. It made Tyrion look like an incompetent oaf, deprived of us a pretty exciting scene which I enjoyed in the books and like you said, this battle was small potatoes compared to what's ahead. Maybe budgetary constraints? Well if they'd just followed Tyrions contribution to the battle for a couple minutes showing the tribemen fighting it wouldn't have been that costly. Also, if I hadn't read the series i'd have no idea what the significance of those two battles was. The friend I was watching with was clueless that Riverun's siege had just been lifted not to mention the predicament now facing Tywin's half of the Lannister army which is effectively cut-off. IMO this particular episode simply didn't do the book any justice.Just to add, Not only did my mate (who hasn't read the series) not know Riverun's siege had just been lifted, he didn't know it was besieged in the first place.....  But at least he knows that Bronn's dad beat him and that Shae doesn't like it when Tyrion talks about her parents!If you had not been a reader you would not understand the significance of 18,000 men annihilating 30,000? wow, dude... you're awesome
119	Greywolf2375	2011-06-13	Shakespeare was not going for an accurate depiction of history. HBO is going for an accurate depiction of the novel.Incorrect, HBO is showing an adaption of the novel.  Big difference.for me 9/10 - wasn't quite perfect, the Shae/Tyrion/Bronn I Never game didn't fit well but other than that, top notch.
	Spoiler Not sure I like the change in Shae from the standpoint of how she testifies against Tyrion in the end.  Her meekness in the books played well into that, whereas this situation she is much more like Bronn - Tyrion KNOWS Bronn is only as trustworthy as the gold he gets, Shae's "innocence" let Tyrion think he was more to her than a meal ticket.

					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 13 June 2011 - 07:33 PM.
							
								hidden spoiler
120	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	6 from me.
I love the series, I have previously loved the added scenes, and changes and not been bothered by omissions. So it pains me to say, but for me, some scenes (maybe half) were a great 10 out of 10. But just as many were guttingly disappointing (some a 1 or 2 tops). It wasn't an all round average episode, but the mix of excellent and awful got a 6 overall from me.
Ned's death scene , perfect. Varys, amazing, Sean Bean too. The acting, on the whole, great. frey, great. Jon and Aemon, great. ending music- wonderful. Dany's acting- fantastic.
Shae- not good. The drinking game scene that makes Tyrion a mind-reader (he's clever, he's not psychic!) was not a good way to have his Tysha story in IMO, though others may disagree. Bronn's story was interesting but we only needed to know half of that, max. No Whispering Woods, not even what Cat saw- awful, almost series ruining for me. Too much telling, no showing (Jaime cut down 10 men did he? I didn't see it, and his character could do with some fighting street-cred because that's what his redemptive arc and multiple storylines and character defining moments end up being BASED ON). Making characters like Jorah more sympathetic- ok, but not at the expense of others. No Direwolves, and this was an episode they should have been in. Why make Robb only able to have 1/3 as many men as Tywin? Why make any of the changes this episode? You don't need a huge budget to get some idea of what is going on in a battle. You don't need a lot of time to show some of the WW.
I'm really disappointed for the first time, and thank god that Varys and Ned's opening and Ned's death were well acted enough to make up for the cr*p in the middle
121	CelticKnight	2011-06-13	Absolutely loved it.
I think the entire scene revolving around Ned's execution was handled even better than in the books.  You could just feel Ned being battered and broken, forsaking everything he believes in and stands for to save his daughters...only to get executed.  Definitely got chills there.
122	R'hllor Skates	2011-06-13	The first episode that I've truly felt deserved a 10, largely due to the final scene; such a powerful ending.
					
					
							Edited by Proodle, 13 June 2011 - 04:28 PM.
123	SFA-OK	2011-06-13	I gave this episode 7 out of 10.It was all right, I think, with those things I always seem to be bugged about in any show. For instance, whereas I liked the fighting scene including Ser Jorah, I didn't like that his sword - after cutting a man in the face - was completely clean when he shoved the blade back in the scabbard. I noticed that as well. It didn't bother me too much. I find it a little strange how fans are rationalizing the exclusion of the battle scenes by saying it doesn't add to the story. It IS part of the story! It makes everything else more important.I think it's just an odd way to tell a story by excluding key parts that shape the plot of the books and then summing up the excluded parts in a matter or a minute or two in the show. Personally, I'm not asking for a 10,000 man fight scene that goes on for 30 minutes, but something more substantial is needed. I thought they did handle Tyrion's battle scene pretty well, but to exclude both scenes was strange. The Whispering Woods scene was just awful. As far as the budget goes, I don't think anyone is asking for LOTR-type battle scenes, just something more substantial than what is being shown, which is pretty much nothing. For example , is it too much to ask for 100-200 soldiers on screen at a time? I think that would be sufficient if filmed right. I'm just starting to find it a little ridiculous how there is always literally just 20-30 people in any given scene. I guess 50 million dollars doesn't go as far as it used to!
124	gogorath	2011-06-13	I missed the battle scenes as well and while I laughed at Tyrion getting knocked out, i'd have rather seen that and some of the whispering wood.
I also loved the episode.
I find it odd that I seem to have a fairly unpopular opinion.  Why is it if you liked the episode you can't have possible disliked that they excluded the battle scenes and if you missed the battle scenes, you must hate the episode?
125	Kilroy	2011-06-13	To everyone who thought they got shafted on battle scenes.
1. Battle scenes take a lot of money to do right unless you want them to do it ala Sharpe's series battles which were 20 of the same guys on rotation to make it look like more men.
2. This is the second to last episode so they were quickly approaching or have approached their budget for the season.
3. Only readers of the books would feel any sort of shaft from not "seeing" those battles. Everyone else was fine with it and non-readers (my friends who have never read the books) thought it was awesome regardless of battle scenes.
So in short would it have been cool to see more battles? Sure. Was it absolutely necessary and should I be incredibly pissed, so much so that I'll never watch the series again? No. That would just stupid. Besides next season has a larger budget and since there will be all sorts of battles next season I'm sure you will see at least portions of those battles.
I gave it a 10/10 because it was just that good.
126	Renasko	2011-06-13	I can accept the battle scenes not being featured. Shame Grey Wind is totally absent. Would've been cool seing him running back with the riders, covered in blood and filth. But I'm a realist, so can get over it. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> 
Episode couldn't have been any better, really, so a second 10/10 in a row, from me. I've warmed to the show.
127	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	Forgot about missing out on Grey Wind. That and seeing Kingslayer captured were what I would have liked in place of part of the tent scene.
Master Aemon, the more I think about his scene, the worse I feel for him.
128	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	I give it a 7. Robb speech was lame and totaly unnecessary. The battles could have been done properly and without that much money.
129	Daenerys	2011-06-13	Getting tired of saying this, but it's yet another 8 for me (although closer to 9 than 7). I thought all the warring/battle/strategy parts felt rushed and muddled. Initially I was upset about them cutting out the battles entirely, but on later reflection I'm OK with it. No question there's where the budget and 10 episode limit comes to bite you, and the time and money can be probably better used elsewhere. Frankly I'd rather see no battle scene than a cheesy, empty, under-budgeted one, and it's the characters in the books that hook me much more than the action sequences. I do think they could have found a way to show a bit of Jaime's capture in the Whispering Woods without breaking the budget, it doesn't need huge armies in it to be effective, and it could have been a great scene. I thought Aemon did a great job with his reveal speech, Walder Frey was just about perfect, and Ned's death was handled well. And just enough nudity to not be distracting, bravo on that.
130	Swordfish	2011-06-13	The character's name is Jon, not John.  You are pissing about details but can't remember the name of one of the leads.  While those names sound identical, their derivations are totally different.  Making that mistake whilst nitpicking elsewhere seems a bit out of line.unlike making that kind of criticism while also accusing the other person of nitpicking you mean?Your objectivity is..... in need of a booster shot.Some people don't like aspects of the show, i don't know why you seem bound and determined to take that so personally.I didn't need to see the battles per se, but as others have mentioned, the battles had significant importance, and none of that was conveyed in any way.  I think they are missing out on a lot of the nuances that made the books so great, and I think that's sad.I get the limitations of the medium, and ten episodes, but that hardly makes it any better.And tot op it off they straight up Gimli Tyrion in the battle?  WTF?  He's comic relief now?  Is this obligatory with adaptations of dwarves in fantasy now?
131	Daenerys	2011-06-13	Episode poll ratings (minimum 100 votes, top and bottom 5% thrown out):
Epi | Title                                   | Rating | 6.........7.........8.........9.........10
----|-----------------------------------------|--------|-------------------------------------------
101 | "Winter Is Coming"                      | 7.9    | ********************
102 | "The Kingsroad"                         | 8.2    | ***********************
103 | "Lord Snow"                             | 7.9    | ********************
104 | "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" | 8.2    | ***********************
105 | "The Wolf and the Lion"                 | 8.8    | *****************************
106 | "A Golden Crown"                        | 8.8    | *****************************
107 | "You Win or You Die"                    | 8.2    | ***********************
108 | "The Pointy End"                        | 9.2    | *********************************
109 | "Baelor"                                | 8.9    | ******************************
Overall series average - 8.5EDIT: Ratings went up slightly, I adjusted.
					
					
							Edited by Daenerys, 14 June 2011 - 06:02 PM.
132	malarky1231	2011-06-13	They dragged on during the scenes I thought were passable, but they skipped over a lot of the scenes I thought were absolutely necessary. The first half took painfully long to build up, and it isn't till the sixth season when things start to pick up.
Example, they should have focused on Bran's relationship with Rob more, included Green Forks, and more of Whispering Wood. What it did not need was a scene between Cersei and Robert, LF's brothel scene, or any of Roz's scenes. Less the tent scene in EP09 and the extra scenes between Varys and LF. There's plently that could've been cut out, and plenty more that could have been added in. Details like Tyrion paying Tysha a gold copper, Catelyn's harrowing ascent up the Vale, and LF's infamous quotes are absent as well. The show could've been much better imo, but there's room for potential. We'll see how these actors grow into these roles, especially the child actors. It'll be interesting to see how they age each year, both emotionally and physically. One thing that struck me odd was how slow the plot was. four books later, and only two years have past. Characters don't age much, but on the show they will, since it's one book each year at best.
133	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	I retract my comment regarding army size- in the book Jaime had thrice the troops of Robb! However this does not affect my feelings on how poorly depicted the Whispering Woods and the entire middle 40 minutes of the episode were in general
134	Imp	2011-06-13	I'm in the would've been cool to show the battles but they're not really necessary camp. Better to have no battle than a badly done one imo.
Gave it an 8. Final scene was amazing, but a lot of the rest of the episode felt a little rushed & disjointed to me. That's my main beef with a lot of the eps though.
135	Jazzer32	2011-06-13	IMHO, worst episode so far (by worst i mean - differs most from the book). There are few things i do not like:
1. No Roose Bolton (he should be commander of army that attacked lannisters), also northern army is bigger than 2,000 in that battle (and wasn't destroyed, just retreated with small casualties)
2. Not enough explanation about battle of Whispering Woods (we who read the books will know, but average viewer will be puzzled)
3. Also, In conversation between Jon and Aemon, Aemon refers to Mad king Aerys as SON of his brother Aegon , actually he is GRANDSON (that bothers me more than "missing battles")
					
					
							Edited by Jazzer32, 13 June 2011 - 07:23 PM.
136	PreciousLittleBird	2011-06-13	Gave it a 9. Simply because Shae was awful.
The ending scene was so moving. Cannot wait to see next weeks reactions im truely going to cry.
Sansa and Ayras reactions were amazing.
Sean Beans speech.
Jofferys arrogance and smugness.
The little details. 
I loved watching everyone is the background.
When Ned got an apple thrown at him. How the Hound helped him up. That was a nice honourable touch. 
How the POV was of Ayra. Made me cry.
Poor Ned!!!
137	walrus	2011-06-13	IMO the people giving this episode a perfect 10 are just as delusional as the people saying it was the worst episode ever and quit watching the series.  Some scenes were absolutely spot on and wonderful and others were handled clumsily at best if not all together botched.  Overall, I'd say the episode probably falls at around a 6 or 7 but add a point or 2 for the emotional impact and the near flawless way the final scene was, er, executed.
138	gogorath	2011-06-13	IMO the people giving this episode a perfect 10 are just as delusional as the people saying it was the worst episode ever and quit watching the series.  Some scenes were absolutely spot on and wonderful and others were handled clumsily at best if not all together botched.  Overall, I'd say the episode probably falls at around a 6 or 7 but add a point or 2 for the emotional impact and the near flawless way the final scene was, er, executed.I get what you are saying, but I disagree a bit.  I mean, there's someone floating around that wishes the series hadn't been made.  Would anyone want to lose the scenes we've gotten just because we didn't have the Green Fork?  A 10 is more reasonable than a 1.I would have loved a battle (I would have actually skipped over the Green Fork and done the Whispering Wood as it would have framed the whole situation better as a Stark win going into the endgame).  But I can't really deduct that much for an omission.  There was still content there, and it was good.  It's not like my screen went blank for five minutes or I simply hated the replacement plot.  Would it have been better with Jaime Lannister slicing through people to Robb until he's finally subdued while Grey Wind rips out throats?  Of course.  But it didn't come close to ruining the episode.Honestly, I think if people are that tied to individual plotpoints or details, they should consider not watching.  I can't imagine they enjoy much at all.  I mean, I have a list of six or seven large things I would have done differently, but I still thought it was one of the best things I've seen on TV this year.
139	Bronn Stone	2011-06-13	IMO the people giving this episode a perfect 10 are just as delusional as the people saying it was the worst episode ever and quit watching the series.  Whoever said a 10 must be  'perfect'?  The scale may be linear and not logarithmic.  'Ten' may just be shorthand for 'higher than the 90th percentile'
140	malarky1231	2011-06-13	4th episode was the worst. 2nd was bad too. This one's just underwhelming
141	End of Disc One	2011-06-13	IMHO, worst episode so far (by worst i mean - differs most from the book).Will people ever start judging episodes by their own merits?
142	suncoast	2011-06-13	I don't understand all the complaints. There doesn't need to be battles for this show to be awesome. And the show doesn't need to be word for word in order to pay homage.The writers and producers are not sitting in their offices laughing "HAHA those NERDS! We sure got em this time!"No.They did the best they could. And darn it, their best is pretty fucking impressive.No spoilers... but something happening next week may be a big budget scene. And I am certain it will be spectacular.It wasn't the battles for me. It was the way they portrayed Tyrion. Tyrion is one of the characters who makes this story special and different from others. He is UNIQUE and he deserves to be treated like so. GRRM treated him that way and the actor has fulfilled the image on screen. I don't think treating him like he is a special character, even after the fact, is too much to ask from the writers on screen.
143	sadfascist	2011-06-14	Seems like we're just going around in circles now. 
All I can say is the people defending no battles in this episode will have no right to complain if the next episode ends with NO DRAGONS. Perhaps we can just hear the dragons make some noises instead, along with a dramatic Dany reaction shot and an appropriately epic music score. That would sure save HBO a lot of $$$.
144	Asarlai	2011-06-14	Seems like we're just going around in circles now. All I can say is the people defending no battles in this episode will have no right to complain if the next episode ends with NO DRAGONS. Perhaps we can just hear the dragons make some noises instead, along with a dramatic Dany reaction shot and an appropriately epic music score. That would sure save HBO a lot of $$$.They could spring for some smoke shadows, if they overwrite lifting the Siege of Riverrun for another Ros scene.
145	snowzombie	2011-06-14	I don't see much substance added to a story or character in any of the battles that they could have (or could have not: $$) added to the episode, the desire for this seems masturbatory. Martin's characters are so complex and go through so much as a result of war. War's consequences seem to be more important than the heat-of-the-moment action scenes. That's a lust that can be sated with practically any old hollywood film nowadays.Considering also the logistical inefficiency of using precious air time to show something easily glossed over in so complex a story. Getting to know about Tyrion and Tysha was more important than watching Jaime's sword go back and forth with the redundancy of watching leaves fall off of a tree. In the end one can infer the tree lost it's leaves and that Jaime lost the battle. Though GRRM writes suspenseful action sequences, imho that's not what makes him particularly special.I think the episode stayed fairly true to the spirit of the books. Such a monumental story was deftly handled and I say deserves a 10. As GRRM shows, one can be emotionally pulled to the edge of one's seat, without falling to the sating of a lust. The best one to date I think...Also... did Martin himself actually show the Battle of the Whispering Wood? It's been awhile but I don't actually remember a firsthand account from the books so it seems strange to me to expect the show to spent massive time and money on it. YES! Everything you said a million times yes. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> And to answer your question: no, we heard about Whispering Wood after it happened. There wasn't a POV character there.
146	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	Whoever said a 10 must be  'perfect'?  The scale may be linear and not logarithmic.  'Ten' may just be shorthand for 'higher than the 90th percentile'Well, more logically, higher than the 94 percentile, surely?
147	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	YES! Everything you said a million times yes. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> And to answer your question: no, we heard about Whispering Wood after it happened. There wasn't a POV character there.Well we did have a Cat PoV that showed what it looked like from afar full of her worries that very effectively depicted the confusion of that battle. And in TV you kind of ought to show and not tell. And those battles have a strong impact on Tyrion (as a premarker for the Blackwater) and for setting Jaime up as an in-universe memetic badass. So far he has been underwhelming in combat and so when Brienne kicks his arse, instead of making her look good, it's going to make him look sh*t and thus have the opposite effect to intended on 2 characters for whom combat IS important. You don't have to enjoy the battles- but they are important because some of these characters revolve around them.
148	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	Not having them fight in battles on screen is like saying "Ned's honourable but full of compassion and loves his children" instead of showing that in his scenes and then executing him and expecting the words you half-arsedly chucked in to compensate for the lack of any genuine content
149	reiver	2011-06-14	Or cutting a lot of littlefinger's manipulations and cleverness in favour of him telling us how smart he is... Oh wait.
I liked this episode the most of all the series so far. It wasn't great but it worked well as a TV interpretation of the book and for the most part the changes intrigued rather than annoyed me. Shae's personality for example or the Northern army not splitting as fully. The change that did irk me is the last part of the Tysha story being left out. It removes so much of the dissonance around Tyrion that i think it makes for a less interesting character. 
As to the battles, well i agree with those who say not seeing Jamie was a loss. I feel that a lot was sacrificed early in the series to shoehorn him in and there were some pretty shitty scenes as a result. Why go to all that effort then neglect an excellent and far from expensive chance to include him. That the scene would have been all kinds of awesome makes it doubly dissapointng. For the wider battles i'm not so bothered. In the same way i didn't need the play with the ass scene i'm quite happy to not have the violent equivalent. The broad strokes of the battle and the drama involved combined with the outcome is all i need. I don't really want to see a few minutes of extras hacking at each other. So by that standard it wasn't a great job but i'm not overly saddened either. That said it may be a result of reduced expectations from what has largely been a  rather mediocre show.
An 8 this week
150	scotcat	2011-06-14	A solid 8 from me.
As has already been mentioned in this thread, I wish people would try judging the episodes by their own merits. If you are expecting a literal tranlation from the books, you are always going to be disappointed.  TV shows have budgets that have to be adhered to.
151	VikingMaekel	2011-06-14	Long time lurker, first time poster.I gave the episode a 9/10I thought it excelled in portraying Ned's execution. And pretty much everything else, I thought the Twins looked particularly great.My only nitpicking is that Roose Bolton wasn't given command of the Foot and thusly that the ford over the Green Fork isn't blocked and that Tywin isn't outmaneuvered by two forces, which forces him to retreat to Harrenhal eventually. I am curious to see how that all is going to play out.As for Tyrion, to me it makes more sense that Tyrion get's knocked out early in the battle than that he slays several men. I found those parts in the books surreal, as if Tyrion had plot armor.Or the Tywin post-battle scene where he learns that Robb wasn't in command and was riding hard to Riverrun with most of his men.At that point in the episode Tywin didn't know where Robb was, is my guess. From the preview of Ep10 we learned that he has that post-battle debriefing.Yeah, it's about character, but how about they show how great a strategic move Robb made?You didn't see it? Robb sends home Tywin's spy thinking he'll have twenty thousand howling wolves on his ass. Yet Robb wasn't there and sent a small diversion. They way they filmed it, I'm sure the new viewers thought that he was there with his twenty thousand as well. That's about as showing as strategic moves can get.
					
					
							Edited by VikingMaekel, 14 June 2011 - 06:04 AM.
152	Mexal	2011-06-14	I just watched the last scene again and while I've seen it once already, read the book three times, I was still moved by it. Absolutely brilliant piece of filmmaking. Episode should be a 10 just for the way that was filmed.
153	Cereal Forel	2011-06-14	Will people ever start judging episodes by their own merits?The vast majority do, the very vocal minority don't :shrug:I gave it an 8. Needs more Hound. Needs more Jaime.
154	PestilencE	2011-06-14	I dislike the high number of blind tens, so I'm gonna vote with a one. Not that the episode was that horrible, no, I just dislike all the tens.
155	Robb_	2011-06-14	I dislike the high number of blind tens, so I'm gonna vote with a one. Not that the episode was that horrible, no, I just dislike all the tens.Because that.. makes sense  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
156	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-14	That is pretty ridiculous indeed.
I gave it a 9, just like last week's episode. At first I missed the two battles as well but soon I realised we didn't see the battle at the whispering woods either in the books. Better to have no fight scene in this case than an half-assed one.
I think it was a bit naive to expect a big battle on the TV screen all of a sudden, still the producers might run into some problems in the coming season.
157	Abaddon	2011-06-14	I dislike the high number of blind tensWell, my vote was a nine, but I think I'll just go ahead and up mine to a ten to cancel out your one (top/bottom 5% of votes being discarded for the average).   /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 14 June 2011 - 04:11 PM.
158	Raiyne388	2011-06-14	I need to do a rewatch, but as of tye 1st viewing I haveI mixed reviews. I liked everything dealing with Catelyn and Robb, but really hated Tyrion, Shae and even Bronn. I also felt a little cheated that we didn't get a battle. I liked the ending, but thought that Cersei was a little more upset by Ned's death then I imagined she would be.
159	Tadco26	2011-06-14	There were some scenes I really liked from this episode, like the ending and Maester AemonÂ<U+0092>s talk with Jon and all of the wall story line, as well as the opening Ned/Varys talk. But as a whole this was my least favorite episode by a large margin. 
The biggest disappointment is the changes to ShaeÂ<U+0092>s character so far. In the book she seduces Tyrion pretty much from the start, but here she seems almost stuck up and bitchy and certainly not seductive. ItÂ<U+0092>s kind of funny that the show finally gets a chance where more sexposition with Tyrion and Shae would have fit fine and they choose to add drinking truth or dare? And then add exposition about things that donÂ<U+0092>t even happen in the books when they are so pressed for time? Bronn north of the wall for a job? Even worse were most of ShaeÂ<U+0092>s comments. She is threatening her employer? Refusing to answer questions when she is willing to have sex for money? Challenging his intelligence by saying he should have known Tysha was a whore? 
	Spoiler when we later find out she wasnÂ<U+0092>t
 The conversation went on for too long and did not feel like something I could imagine those characters possibly doing together the first night Tyrion met Shae. Based on the changes they have made to Shae so far I would have preferred they just made Ros into Shae, cut the Littlefinger whore monologue, and had her reappear here after heading south from Winterfell. They also cut the end of TyshaÂ<U+0092>s story where Tyrion was forced to use her as well last and pay a gold coin because Lannisters are worth more.  The reason Tyrion falls for Shae is because she is so convincing at seeming innocent and accepting and completely smitten by him. He allows himself to believe she loves him. The TV Shae on the other hand him, with replies like Â<U+0093>Who women you have paid?Â<U+0094> in reply to Tyrions comment about how enjoyable his company is, refusing to participate in any meaningful conversation and all and all coming across as very cold for someone who has just been given the equivalent of a dream job financially.  This version of ShaeÂ<U+0092>s only relation to the book version is her name and that she is a whore.
DrogoÂ<U+0092>s fall into a near death state didnÂ<U+0092>t come across very well to me either. In the books he took an arrow in addition to having his nipple cut off, and couldnÂ<U+0092>t fully lift his arm. Here he just gets a scratch and the next scene he is dieingÂ<U+0085> Without explaining how Drogo ignored instructions not to drink, or to properly treat his wound it is hard to understand how in the context of the show Dany would possibly request, much less insist that Mirri to be the one to continue to treat DrogoÂ<U+0092>s injury instead of a Dothroki healer.
The lack of battle scenes of course was also disappointing, though not all together unexpected. I just donÂ<U+0092>t understand why they bother to change the description of what happened and numbers of troops for something that they didnÂ<U+0092>t show. In the books Rob took a portion of the cavalry to capture Jaime in an ambush, while the majority of his force was under Roose BoltonÂ<U+0092>s command vs Tywin. So what was the point of changing this description that they didn't show any way?  A forced march to attack with 2,000 vs 30,000 as the show describes was quite unbelieveable for me. Why bother changing it when you arenÂ<U+0092>t going to show it?
I didnÂ<U+0092>t like the addition of Jaime challenging Robb to a duel either, in particular RobbÂ<U+0092>s response that he would lose. Even if Robb did believe that (and based on his comments in the book where he says he would defeat Jaime again, when Catelyn asks if he is scared of him when trying to persuade a Jaime for Arya/Sansa captive exchange, this does not appear to be the case), I donÂ<U+0092>t believe he would publicly admit such a thing in front of his men. It is irritating to have lines that I really like from the book shortened or cut to add lines that arenÂ<U+0092>t based on anything in the books and add nothing to the story. 
I can accept the realities of budget constraints even if they are disappointing, but itÂ<U+0092>s hard to accept the idea that good dialogue from the book was cut due to lack of time when significant parts of the episode are dedicated to dialogue not based on the book in any way and changes that don't have any clear explanation for needing to be changed.
Individually, some of the things listed above could be ignored on their own as nitpicks, but all together they combined to really poison my impression of this episode.
The good news for the future of the show is that most non-readers and apparently a good number of readers really liked the episode. But as an adaptation it was a let down for me, only enhanced because I am going to have to deal with their changed version of Shae for 3+ seasons.
160	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-14	The lack of battle scenes of course was also disappointing, though not all together unexpected. I just donÂ<U+0092>t understand why they bother to change the description of what happened and numbers of troops for something that they didnÂ<U+0092>t show. In the books Rob took a portion of the cavalry to capture Jaime in an ambush, while the majority of his force was under Roose BoltonÂ<U+0092>s command vs Tywin. So what was the point of changing this description that they didn't show any way?  A forced march to attack with 2,000 vs 30,000 as the show describes was quite unbelieveable for me. Why bother changing it when you arenÂ<U+0092>t going to show it?I didnÂ<U+0092>t like the addition of Jaime challenging Robb to a duel either, in particular RobbÂ<U+0092>s response that he would lose. Even if Robb did believe that (and based on his comments in the book where he says he would defeat Jaime again, when Catelyn asks if he is scared of him when trying to persuade a Jaime for Arya/Sansa captive exchange, this does not appear to be the case), I donÂ<U+0092>t believe he would publicly admit such a thing in front of his men. It is irritating to have lines that I really like from the book shortened or cut to add lines that arenÂ<U+0092>t based on anything in the books and add nothing to the story. Whilst I am emphatically not a fan of their treatment if Jaime's capture-A) I thought Robb was saying he would lose no matter the outcome because the Lannisters would not give up if he killed Jaime (Tywin would kill everyone with a double consonant ending as a revenge and write a song about it) so either he would lose a captive or his life. Plus he's got Jaime captive and routed 30,000 men. Duelling Jaime would be sooooo stupid even if he thought he could win/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it acted as a fairly meagre attempted substitute for some action to try and remind us that Jaime can fight. Which is good (though not enough) because that's kind of important to his arc and so far the show has depicted the opposite. Love NCW, he nails Jaime's character. But drawing to Ned in a duel and looking like losing? That sucked. C) It's pretty in character for Jaime in fact he does it so much in aSoS and aFfC he may as well have "let's end the (insert situation) with a duel, you and me". He loves his duels. As I said it's a character trait and a vital one at thatD) Robb is not stupid enough to think he could beat Jaime in a fight when he's actually thinking straight and not making petulant comments, especially after Jaime killed 10 men trying to get to him and only lost because he got his sword stuck in Robb's bodyguards' corpses. Even if it did happen off screen and thus  may as well never have happenedE) admitting that he, at 17, would not match the most famous sword (or one of) in Westeros in a swordfight is not a sign of weakness. It's a sign of maturity and intelligence and was picked up as such by the Unsullied on TWOP
161	Mortagon	2011-06-14	I gave it a 9. Slightly disappointed by the lack of battles, other than that I think the episode was perfect and the ending was even more heartbreaking than I had imagined.
					
					
							Edited by Mortagon, 14 June 2011 - 08:34 PM.
162	Tadco26	2011-06-14	Whilst I am emphatically not a fan of their treatment if Jaime's capture-A) I thought Robb was saying he would lose no matter the outcome because the Lannisters would not give up if he killed Jaime (Tywin would kill everyone with a double consonant ending as a revenge and write a song about it) so either he would lose a captive or his life. Plus he's got Jaime captive and routed 30,000 men. Duelling Jaime would be sooooo stupid even if he thought he could win/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> it acted as a fairly meagre attempted substitute for some action to try and remind us that Jaime can fight. Which is good (though not enough) because that's kind of important to his arc and so far the show has depicted the opposite. Love NCW, he nails Jaime's character. But drawing to Ned in a duel and looking like losing? That sucked. C) It's pretty in character for Jaime in fact he does it so much in aSoS and aFfC he may as well have "let's end the (insert situation) with a duel, you and me". He loves his duels. As I said it's a character trait and a vital one at thatD) Robb is not stupid enough to think he could beat Jaime in a fight when he's actually thinking straight and not making petulant comments, especially after Jaime killed 10 men trying to get to him and only lost because he got his sword stuck in Robb's bodyguards' corpses. Even if it did happen off screen and thus  may as well never have happenedE) admitting that he, at 17, would not match the most famous sword (or one of) in Westeros in a swordfight is not a sign of weakness. It's a sign of maturity and intelligence and was picked up as such by the Unsullied on TWOPTo be clear I am not saying Robb should or would have accepted the duel, or that Jaime wouldn't have made the offer.  I think Robb should have made a comment more on par with Jaime's in AFFC where Jaime would be on the losing end of duel, and he points out that having the superior army and position that a duel was a lose lose position.  If Robb won the Lannisters wouldn't have surrendered so dueling his captive was a lose-lose situation and Robb could have said that without publicly admitting he would lose in front of his army.  Then instead of giving an inspirational speech after the Starks biggest victory, gives the opposite.  A depressing, we haven't done anything yet speech...  Perhaps we will see more of the post victory description of what happened next episode, but I think the writing for that scene could have been much better.
163	Relic	2011-06-14	Quite the opposite.  HBO's intent (or more correctly D&D's intent) is to capture the spirit of the story, as faithfully as possible within the inherent limits of the medium and the realities of modern television.  Anyone who thinks otherwise is setting themselves up for endless disappointment.  I thought people here understood that, but apparently not.People are allowed to dislike what they see...and voice that displeasure. You can ease off the fanboi gas pedal just a little bit. You've been raggin on people all season. It's tiresome to read. Anyway, lack of battles sucked(i would have shown the Whispering Wood tho) but they did a pretty good job with the rest of the material. My friend who hasn not read the books was watching it with me and she was flat out stunned at the ending. Sort of amusing, really. My highest score so far with a 8.
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 14 June 2011 - 10:17 PM.
164	SwordoftheMorning	2011-06-14	To be clear I am not saying Robb should or would have accepted the duel, or that Jaime wouldn't have made the offer.  I think Robb should have made a comment more on par with Jaime's in AFFC where Jaime would be on the losing end of duel, and he points out that having the superior army and position that a duel was a lose lose position.  If Robb won the Lannisters wouldn't have surrendered so dueling his captive was a lose-lose situation and Robb could have said that without publicly admitting he would lose in front of his army.  Then instead of giving an inspirational speech after the Starks biggest victory, gives the opposite.  A depressing, we haven't done anything yet speech...  Perhaps we will see more of the post victory description of what happened next episode, but I think the writing for that scene could have been much better.Stunning lack of historical fact and military history. The truth of the matter is Robb certainly had to impress upon his forces that this was NOT the decisive victory they'd marched south for. Polygot armies where each faction owed their allegience to their particular lord, not the overall commander were very wont to do exactly that. His reinforcing that there was still much to do was great generalship. It's part of the defining of the the Young Wolf as a military genius, on the battlefield. We all know what his weakness turned out to be.
165	malarky1231	2011-06-14	Stunning lack of historical fact and military history. The truth of the matter is Robb certainly had to impress upon his forces that this was NOT the decisive victory they'd marched south for. Polygot armies where each faction owed their allegience to their particular lord, not the overall commander were very wont to do exactly that. His reinforcing that there was still much to do was great generalship. It's part of the defining of the the Young Wolf as a military genius, on the battlefield. We all know what his weakness turned out to be.Ah!! Bullets!! My only weakness!!
166	tybeechris	2011-06-14	Fantastic episode. HBO needed for viewers to invest in Robb, Tyrion and the rest to bring them back next season after the lost of Ned. 
My only quibble, Aemon scene with Jon. Stop the pity party Jon and give more of the scene to Aemon.
9.9 near perfect!
167	Holymoly	2011-06-15	Unfortunately the relatively low budget finally shows itself with the large scale of the battles being effectively glossed over. My worry moving forward however is that subsequent series will depend ever more heavilly on the younger actors. Whether or not GRRM will address this in future books and introduce some more mature central characters who knows. At the moment however I forsee series 5/6 should we ever get there ending up like some version of Sesame Street with Araya, Bran, Tommen et al heading up the cast.
This episode was stolen by Tyrion and Bronn obviously. Hopefully they won't beome entirely stereotyped as we move into the next series.
168	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-15	Ah!! Bullets!! My only weakness!!/biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Harold and Kumar ftw
169	sailor	2011-06-15	The worst episode so far for me. They butchered some iconic stuff in this one. A let down from the previous one too. 6/10
					
					
							Edited by sailor, 15 June 2011 - 06:16 AM.
170	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	People are allowed to dislike what they see...and voice that displeasure. You can ease off the fanboi gas pedal just a little bit. You've been raggin on people all season. It's tiresome to read.So other people are free to voice their displeasure about what they see but the poster you're addressing should tone the same thing down? Just as you find his sort of complaints tiresome to read, so do others with complaints based on expectations that were fairly obviously unrealistic. I'd also say that someone explaining how to think in order to see what's realistic to expect is more constructive than just saying this or that sucked (and it doesn't bring more negativity to the discussions either), so your fanboi comment is a bit off the mark as well in my view.
171	Abaddon	2011-06-15	So other people are free to voice their displeasure about what they see but the poster you're addressing should tone the same thing down?Honestly, it would be best if people just expressed their opinions in this thread, and saved their commentary on other people's opinions for one of the discussion threads.  I have some of the same frustrations (and have succumbed to the same temptation to respond), but it's really not the place for tit-for-tat criticisms and responses to criticisms and responses to... blah blah blah.There is a difference between voicing displeasure at the show (however shallow the criticism may be) and voicing displeasure at someone's opinion.  They are not the same things, and the latter one is the one that's truly out of place here.  Again, I am guilty of that too, but next time I am tempted to respond I will try to bite down the temptation and just move along instead...
172	Law Lord	2011-06-15	I'd give it a 7. Was great for everything but i really did want to see at least 1 battle. And that was the letdown for me. They should really have shown the battle where Jaime was captured. I know its a TV show and has a smaller budget than films, but i really did want to see that on screen. Even if it was scaled down to a level possible with their budget. Their failure to portray the battles makes me wonder how they'll do the Battle of the Blackwater in Season 2 and the fight at the Wall in ASOS and the Red Wedding etc.
173	iceice_baby	2011-06-15	10
Anything that can move me so much and make me that depressed deserves a 10.
All that stuff was so harsh.
10 out of 10
174	DecoyRunner	2011-06-15	Dany's youth and naivety regarding Mirri Maz Duur is frustrating me all over again. The look on Ned's face when Joffrey put his big boy pants on and ordered him beheaded was fantastic. Very sad to be losing Sean Bean. The young lady playing Arya might be the second best actor left after Dinklage. 
Tywin was excellently cast and he and Dinklage work well together. Disappointed with Shae's casting, though.
Compared to last ep, I had to give it a nine even though a ten would have been justified imo.
175	WildlingGirl	2011-06-15	9/10Would happily give it 10/10 if Robb's strategy and Jaime's capture were at least explained. The last scene is a resounding 10 though, can I give it more?
176	WildlingGirl	2011-06-15	Double post - SQL troubles...
					
					
							Edited by WildlingGirl, 15 June 2011 - 12:08 PM.
177	The Night's Watch	2011-06-15	Some parts were very well written, but they completely ignored the opening battle in the Stark-Lannister wars!
Although the acting was great, the show is not sticking to the details at all... what happened to Tywin and Jaime's armour? The budget is over $5 million, but they can't even do a CGI battle scene? Not at all optimistic for the Battle of King's Landing, or Dany's attack against the Yunkai and Mereen, or even the wildlings against the Wall. 
Very Disappointed.
178	shinytoyrobots	2011-06-15	I'll give this an 8. In general, very good. 
I have no problem with glossing over the Green Fork (although having Tyrion knocked out by his own troops seemed a little trite). The whole point of the battle is a demonstration that Robb knows what he's doing, and that's effectively explained by Tywin's comments after the battle.
I wouldn't have had a problem with them not showing scenes from Whispering Wood, it's just that they didn't provide any exposition either. If you hadn't read the book you'd barely have any idea what that fight was about, or that it was anything more than a skirmish. Even if they'd just done Catelyn's POV from the book, that would have been enough; the tension prior to the battle and (particularly) Theon's after the battle excitement and Catelyn's response would have very effectively demonstrated the importance of the battle and the unfinished nature of the war).
On the other hand;
Jon and Aemon scene was great. As was Ned & Varys, and Ned's execution.
Also thought they did they did the Dany/Drogo stuff as well as possible, given it's a pretty complex piece of the book and they only had limited time on screen.
...not entirely sure about this Shae...
179	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	Honestly, it would be best if people just expressed their opinions in this thread, and saved their commentary on other people's opinions for one of the discussion threads.  I have some of the same frustrations (and have succumbed to the same temptation to respond), but it's really not the place for tit-for-tat criticisms and responses to criticisms and responses to... blah blah blah.There is a difference between voicing displeasure at the show (however shallow the criticism may be) and voicing displeasure at someone's opinion.  They are not the same things, and the latter one is the one that's truly out of place here.  Again, I am guilty of that too, but next time I am tempted to respond I will try to bite down the temptation and just move along instead...I can agree to a point but still discussion about what's written is the fundamental thing with a discussion forum. We do have the general discussion thread but I'd also say that there has been some relevant commentary in these rating threads as well. For example, some have said that a show has gotten a lower grade because something was different from the book, and then someone has told them that that event actually was just like that in the book as well. There's also been a few interesting points that I haven't seen mentioned in the general discussion threads.But as I said, there is merit to your point, even though I see a thread where people just say what they thought in a very brief way, without any discussion about it, does get pretty flat. To me it's the discussion that makes it interesting as otherwise it's just a bunch of mostly bad reviews since people, understandably, don't take the time to write a real one. I think this is also something that can be self-moderating. If people want to discuss it, they will, and if they don't they don't have to respond. Still my main point was only that if you don't like someone commenting on another's opinion, it's not really logical to use the argument that people are entitled to their opinions.
180	SFA-OK	2011-06-15	I wouldn't have had a problem with them not showing scenes from Whispering Wood, it's just that they didn't provide any exposition either. If you hadn't read the book you'd barely have any idea what that fight was about, or that it was anything more than a skirmish. Even if they'd just done Catelyn's POV from the book, that would have been enough; the tension prior to the battle and (particularly) Theon's after the battle excitement and Catelyn's response would have very effectively demonstrated the importance of the battle and the unfinished nature of the war).This is one of my main problems with the show so far. The pacing is too fast, when most scenes are just 2 or 3 minutes long, it's hard to put in information and depth that the audience can soak in and absorb, especially important scenes like Jaime getting captured. I posted it earlier, but I find it hard to believe that non-readers even really know what is going on in relation to Robb's army moving south, other than the fact that Robb's army is moving south to fight the Lannisters. I can understand it being OK with some, but it really pales in comparison to the details and depth of the book. It's not even close really.
181	Bronn Stone	2011-06-15	People are allowed to dislike what they see...and voice that displeasure. You can ease off the fanboi gas pedal just a little bit. You've been raggin on people all season. It's tiresome to read. Anyway, lack of battles sucked(i would have shown the Whispering Wood tho) but they did a pretty good job with the rest of the material. My friend who hasn not read the books was watching it with me and she was flat out stunned at the ending. Sort of amusing, really. My highest score so far with a 8.So it is the best episode so far of the best show currently on television and it merits an eight.  Yet I am the one being unreasonable.  Gotcha.This thing is hideously expensive to film.  It has far more exterior shots than would be customary in a television show, far more extras than would be customary on a television show.  The sets are amazingly expensive and detailed, especially at Castle Black and in Kings Landing.  The use of CGI has been judicious and I can only think of one place where it was truly jarring (exterior shots of the Eyrie).  So yes, I get miffed at comments that call for MORE spending.  The way to get more is NOT to tear down what they've already done.  The way to get a bigger budget down the road is for it to become a smash-hit.  Nitpicking the thing to death is NOT the way to get something more elaborate down the road.  Including the final scene in a big lump which you describe as 'pretty good' destroys any credibility you had.  That scene was damned near perfect.  And damned expensive.  A huge number of extras, a huge number of principals on set, even if they have no dialogue.  An actor weaving through a crowd of extras
182	AndyC	2011-06-15	I gave it 8/10.
The death scene was incredible and moving - the child actors for Joffrey, Sansa and Arya really nailed their roles at possibly the most pivotal scene of the first series.  So did Sean Bean, of course, but I kind of expected that.
The Twins was good.  Jorah was excellent.
I was a touch disappointed by the strategy change by Robb - an explanation that he sent his infantry to attack Tywin as a diversion and most got away, whilst the cavalry nuked Jaime wouldn't have taken too long and would (IMHO) have been realistic enough.  The knockout of Tyrion did feel a bit overly comical, but I can easily accept it.
Would have liked to see Jaime carving through men to get to Robb until his sword gets stuck in an unnamed lad (to be later revealed as the son and heir of one of Robb's key bannermen (ie Lord Karstark).
The new Shae didn't do it for me, and does seem - at least on first glance - to be less likely to surprise Tyrion with changing her coat.  Nevertheless, I'll try to suspend judgement here.
Maester Aemon was great.  I can see why they cut a generation out - the youngsters (Jon, Dany, etc) are all a few years older, and Aemon doesn't look over a hundred (closer to late seventies/early eighties), so a generation down makes sense.  As said elsewhere, they can put Jaehaerys in as Aerys's older (childless) brother if necessary.
For some reason, it didn't catch fire for me like episodes 8, 6 and 5 did and I don't know why, thus the overall score of 8.  Still very good and very moving, but with some things just not working for me and the episode not catching fire like others.
183	Sega AM2	2011-06-15	This thing is hideously expensive to film.  It has far more exterior shots than would be customary in a television show, far more extras than would be customary on a television show.  The sets are amazingly expensive and detailed, especially at Castle Black and in Kings Landing.Wrong. David Simon's miniseries on HBO, Generation Kill, that was only seven episodes, had a budget of $55 million with hardly any major advertising. You didn't see Generation Kill commercials running on ESPN during prime time for weeks straight. Seven episodes of Generation Kill, with a smaller cast, cost more than the first season of Game of Thrones, even with its giant marketing budget. Where has the Game of Thrones money gone? Marketing? Costumes? HBO executives' pockets? It certainly isn't being spent on the show judging by incredible the lack of scale. And unlike Generation Kill where once those seven episodes were over they were done with the costumes, Game of Thrones can spread out the cost of the sets and costumes throughout as many seasons as the show airs, which if they follow the books is at least seven or eight. The costumes and sets don't cost nearly as much when you use them for eight years. The investment in sets for HBO isn't really that much at all and same goes for wardrobe.  Game of Thrones could have been $100 million per season and been a safe bet for HBO. Everyone already knows this who has worked on a major television show or film. HBO is getting money from subscriptions internationally as well as international licenses for the show, they'll make a killing off of DVD and Blu-Ray sales of this series, and they are getting a cut of the latest run of books (which are selling like wildfire right now). The money is literally pouring in for HBO and lots of media outlets say that HBO has more money than they know what to do with. HBO could have hired full time animators to create authentic looking CGI adult direwolves instead of using dogs and then writing the wolves off. They could have fully realized The Hand's Tournament, Whispering Wood, shots of both Tywin's and Robb's full armies, and so on. The show is clearly not in good hands and they should have hired a different pair of producers and show runners who wouldn't back down from HBO when it comes to budget.
184	King-Slayer	2011-06-15	Quote from:SerArthurheath
" Jaime killed 10 men trying to get to him and only lost because he got his sword stuck in Robb's bodyguards' corpses. Even if it did happen off screen and thus may as well never have happened. "
I have to say, I do love this show but was so disappointed that I didn't get to see Jaime put up a fight before getting captured. I thought I missed something because I was watching on HBOGo and was interrupted a few times while trying to watch. I rewound thinking I missed how they captured Jaime. All we saw was Robb coming up the hill and throwing him in front of his mother. The line about him losing his sword would have made more sense if they showed how it happened.   I think they were going for the shock factor for the viewers who did not read the book, as someone on the forum mentioned. Even if I hadn't read the book, I would have wondered what happened. I didn't need a 10 minute battle...but at least show Jaimes fight. I think that was important.  
I agree with the post by CelticKnight:
"I think the entire scene revolving around Ned's execution was handled even better than the 
book."
That ending was very dramatic for me, I knew it was going to happen, but actually seeing that whole thing unfold was incredible and emotional. Mad, sad, hateful..
I gave it an 8...I didn't like Shae, for most of reasons people already outlined in this thread. Definately wanted to see more of Jaime, but liked the way they filmed Ned's execution.
					
					
							Edited by King_slayer, 15 June 2011 - 06:25 PM.
185	Noir Dove	2011-06-15	Where has the Game of Thrones money gone? You're kidding right?
186	ArorA	2011-06-15	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.This is a TV drama series not war reenactment. They've got 10 hours to tell a story of a 1000 page book. If you want to devote 5 mins to every battle, there will be no time left at all to further the plot. I agree that they don't always make the right scene choices, the Shae scene is a good example, but I have a feeling that they are going to use her as major plot driving point in the future, so maybe a good introduction was necessary. They also needed to explain the 2 battles that went on better so non-readers could understand the significance of what was happening. Battles aren't plot drivers but the aftermath of battles are. There's nothing better than a good battle scene but, also nothing worse than a bad one. I totally understand why they would sacrifice the battles for major plot driving scenes (Ned's death / Drogo resurrection). It was just unfortunate that they also lost the plot driver of the battles (defeat of Jamie's whole army and lifting the siege of Riverrun).
					
					
							Edited by ArorA, 15 June 2011 - 09:10 PM.
187	The Fan	2011-06-15	I am curious what the 11 people who voted this less than a -5- were watching?
Was this due to floor dropping out during the final scene, or...?  /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> 
Next week cannot come soon enough I think...  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
188	freamon	2011-06-16	I would have loved to see a battle scene, yet I understand why it couldn't be done. However, knocking Tyrion out with a warhammer before the battle even started was cartoonish and stupid. He slept through the entire battle! This battle was a great character development opportunity for Tyrion. He got more confident, more experienced in battle, commanded greater respect from the tribesmen and his father Tywin after fighting in this battle. 
	Spoiler 
He is going to be a commander during Blackwater (unless they knock him out before that one too), this experience was huge for him going toward that. Besides, his valor here played a part in Tywin's decision to send him to KL as his proxy. 

I wish they'd showed him running from the camp on his horse in front of his men, and cut to him standing exhausted and bloodied and surrounded by corpses at the end. He looked pathetic being carried on a cart having taken no part in the carnage. This is my main problem with this episode, I gave it a 7.
189	DecoyRunner	2011-06-16	The scene where Aemon reveals his identity seemed a little rushed. I suppose even in the books it didn't have a large effect beyond Jon's own struggle with duty, but I still thought it could have done with another one or two minutes of dialogue to really make it clear exactly what Aemon's place in the Targaryen family was.
Maybe I'm placing unwarranted significance on it because of the fact that Egg took the throne because of Aemon's decision. This, of course, eventually led to Aerys II becoming king which in turn eventually led to Robert's rebellion and the premise for the entire series. 
I almost wish I could have seen the show before reading the books. It's hard to enjoy it as fully as I think I might have.
190	Lion of Venice	2011-06-16	I gave this episode an 8 instead of a 10 for two reasons:
The changes made to Shae, I don't mind when the TV show changes something about a character if it's for the better, but I liked book Shae better, you don't need to give a character a foreign accent or a mysterious past to make it interesting, even if I do understand the need to make her recognizable from the other whores and Roz above all.
Master Aemon really can't sell his performance to me, I don't buy that he's blind, nor that he's wise and knowledgeable. Just personal taste I think.
Everything else was excellent, I loved the final scene with Ned and every single moment Bronn was on camera.
191	flyingwind66	2011-06-16	8/10 dammit Shae! 
	Spoiler 
I was pretty neutral about her in the books until she sold out tyrion... like I knew she didn't actually care about him and tyrion knew it too but she did more than just sell him out...
seemed like she was happily whoring from her constantly changing backstory too
 
she feels so much more like a b**** right from the get-go and not sympathetic in the least
	Spoiler 
so I'm really going to be cheering when she finally gets it... now that the hand's necklace is a pin, maybe tyrion will stab her eyes out before pushing it into her throat

and Ned...
	Spoiler 
I wanted some flashback dammit!!! ToJ and/or to his father and brother's death

Rest of the episode other than that excessively long tyrion/bronn/shae game sequence was totally awesome... especially arya's 'how about a nice fat pigeon' lol just the way she says it.
192	Abaddon	2011-06-16	I liked book Shae betterMy first question would be, do you like the book Shae character, as presented in only the chapter she is introduced, better?  Or are you comparing the character we see in Books 2 and 3?  Because that's not really a valid comparison.  We have no idea what they are going to do with this 'new Shae' (and I agree she is quite a bit different at first blush).Secondly, what exactly about the book Shae do you like better?  I always thought she was a pretty uninteresting character and didn't do much except give wicked smiles and pout and call Tyrion "My Giant of Lannister".  What makes the book Shae so interesting in the first place?  I'm genuinely curious, not trying to pick at you.
193	Cereal Forel	2011-06-16	I think the answer is that there's nothing to like about book Shae. She's one of the most 2 dimensional characters in the entire series.
194	Lion of Venice	2011-06-16	I simply like how she acts to Tyrion in the books, she complements him well when they are in a scene togheter, she's always playing her cards to get the most advantages out of him and she plays them well. I don't like her being aggressive and generally putting herself above Tyrion in the tv series, she even gives him orders, even if in a playful way, and threatens him.
Of course this is just a first impression based around what we've seen in the last episode, maybe it will change, maybe they will find a new chemistry between this version of Shae and Tyrion.
195	DemiNymph	2011-06-16	I give it a 5. Add me to the complaints of no battle to watch. That is the lamest thing ever. Very displeased. 
Is it a budget problem or a problem of too much info to show?
196	Fippy Darkpaw	2011-06-16	The people complaining about "lack of huge battle scenes" probably also think Empire Strikes Back is the worst Star Wars movies because it is "the most boringest"...
Instead of GOT, maybe you guys should check out some Michael Bay offerings. They might be more your speed. I hear Transformers 3 is gonna be non-stop action. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
197	freamon	2011-06-16	Instead of GOT, maybe you guys should check out some Michael Bay offerings. They might be more your speed. I hear Transformers 3 is gonna be non-stop action. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> That condescending attitude is of no use. I could just as easily say to you, if you don't like battle scenes or action, go watch Desperate Housewives. You are arguing in an immature way.
198	Oneru	2011-06-17	Long time lurker here, and this discussion has finally pushed me to register and comment. It's just my opinion on the matter, no need to start heated discussions on it.
I can understand that people are disappointed by missing the battles, but it didn't come as a surprise to me. As far as I know, the Blackwater is the only large scale battle that George Martin describes in full. Of course, this is because it is the only one where he has a proper POV to show what is going on, but the Whispering Wood and the Battle for the Green Fork are only described partially or as aftermath. 
For me, I didn't miss the battles at all. The fights are the least convincing part of the series for me so far, and the way they showed the Lannisters slaying the Starks in King's Landing looked so bad to me, that I'm glad they didn't give 3-4 minutes of precious time to mindless slaughter. It's not Braveheart. Though the whole River Run situation might be a bit unclear to non-readers, they seem to have chosen not to introduce the Tully's at all in this series (no Blackfish etc), so this just follows their logic. Robb won a battle against the Lannisters and caught the Kingslayer, that's what matters and that's what's depicted.
About the Shae/Bronn/Tyrion slumber party, I don't understand how readers can dislike this scene.
	Spoiler 
It is a build-up for what's to come, like the oft mentioned Stannis Baratheon and the constant showing of Theon Greyjoy as a pretty nasty lad. This scene shows that Tyrion is a cunning little halfman and knows exactly how people are... or at least how Bronn is. But when it comes to Shae, it shows perfectly that Tyrion thinks he knows Shae and 'her type', but he actually could not be more wrong. This is a great build-up for what comes in the later series, where Tywin keeps stating that whores are Tyrion's greatest weakness and Tyrion keeps thinking he knows what he's doing, although he is constantly getting played by Shae.

What I absolutely loved about this episode is that it started with darkness and only the sound of Ned's breathing and it also ended with just the sound of Ned's breathing. The whole execution scene was fantastic, I loved every detail of it. Can't wait until next Sunday.
199	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	I am curious what the 11 people who voted this less than a -5- were watching?Was this due to floor dropping out during the final scene, or...?  /blink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' /> Next week cannot come soon enough I think...  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />This is exactly why I am avoiding these threads like a plague in favor of TWOP forums. All these frustrated uberfan book readers who spend pages and pages raging about this scene from the books or that scene from the books or how this character is OH MY GOD different than in the books is...well, it's wearying to tell you the truth.I just want to participate in a civil discussion of the series, of its merits and failings. I have really lost patience with all the whining.
200	Nihilist	2011-06-17	The people complaining about "lack of huge battle scenes" probably also think Empire Strikes Back is the worst Star Wars movies because it is "the most boringest"...Instead of GOT, maybe you guys should check out some Michael Bay offerings. They might be more your speed. I hear Transformers 3 is gonna be non-stop action. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Empire Strikes Back had a gigantic battle scene...what the hell are you talking about?
201	I love Cersei	2011-06-17	I'm reading here from time to time for years. Today I felt I wanted to share my thoughts.
What I found to be awful:
- Tyrion portrayed as an incapable buffoon, being knocked out (admittedly I laughed when I watched it, but what damage it has done to his character's portrayal cannot possibly be worth it)
- Shae behaving like a princess even before she could possibly know enough of Tyrion's character to be so bold just doesn't seem to fit
- Rob's battle looking like a tiny ambush affair; they should have *shown* that is was big scale - no matter how. Just a standing (mostly CGI) army before the battle would have done it
- Lame explanations of the battles; it's significance - besides capturing Jaime - hasn't sufficiently been put across to the audience imo
- Rob's direwolf should have been shown, or his role mentioned after the battle at least
personal:
- would have liked to see Jaime fighting; as is, you never get the impression that he's a better than average swordsman
- the Tyrion/Bronn/Shae scene was mostly fun but way too long - annoyingly long compared to how they had compressed more impactful scenes
- despite of that, Tyrion should have told his whole marriage story
- Shae's actress doesn't do it for me
- I don't like Jon showing his emotions so freely, openly and heavily; I never pictured him that way
Overall it's a great pity that throughout episodes 1 to 9 I repeatedly got the impression of a low budget series, which it really isn't. This episode was no exception. Please note I do *not* think of/I do *not* refer to missing battle scenes when I say this.
Ok, this may seem to some to be a pretty big list of things that I see in a negative light about this episode, but please believe me: it's a tiny thing compared to the list of things I really like and like very much. That one is so long that my computer would run out of memory dared I try putting it down.
Outstanding besides the execution scene in this episode were e.g. the pairings Bronn/Tyrion, Catelyn/Rob, and - for the first time - Theon/Rob. Perfect chemistry there.
Compared to the other episodes so far this was definitely in the upper third for me. I rate it 8/10. (I guess non-readers would aim a little lower though.)
202	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	I simply like how she acts to Tyrion in the books, she complements him well when they are in a scene togheter, she's always playing her cards to get the most advantages out of him and she plays them well. I don't like her being aggressive and generally putting herself above Tyrion in the tv series, she even gives him orders, even if in a playful way, and threatens him.Of course this is just a first impression based around what we've seen in the last episode, maybe it will change, maybe they will find a new chemistry between this version of Shae and Tyrion.I agree. They've completely changed the personality of Shae. In the book she is fairly two-dimensional, yes, but the lack of her character depth works considering the relatively minor part she plays in the plot. Book-Shae is a greedy attractive whore who knows exactly which buttons of Tyrion's to push to get what she wants (gold and jewels). Tyrion is smart enough to realize this, but he still can't resist her; he knows she doesn't truly love him and would betray him in a second, but he can't help himself. Tv-Shae seems to be some crafty intelligent courtesan who doesn't really enjoy playing the part of the whore. She is proud and aggressive, and doesn't play to Tyrion's weakness of falling for doe-eyed young women. I don't understand why the producers decided this change of Shae's character was necessary or positive. The older actress they've casted also doesn't have any of the cute-factor I imagined Shae to have.
203	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	Overall it's a great pity that throughout episodes 1 to 9 I repeatedly got the impression of a low budget series, which it really isn't.This attitude right there is what I really find inexplicable, and to be honest, a little saddening. Jesus man, we've been watching the same series, right? All those enormous sets, costumes, a staggering cast of characters... The scale of this project is huge, and it shows. Anyone who stops for a second and really thinks about it can see it.Sorry, perhaps this sounded a bit too confrontational; that wasn't my intention. The thing is, I am a bit let down by book fans that just seem to be unable to put things into perspective and are asking the impossible from TV production.
204	I love Cersei	2011-06-17	No offense taken (and hopefully not sounding offensive myself, English isn't my first or second language), and certainly not asking the impossible. Sets and costumes are most often lovingly done and in rich detail, I don't complain on those, the opposite is the case. But take for example the so very obvious bluescreen recordings from Bran on winterfells roofs, that looks like in a movie from the early Seventies. Could have been done better for a 5 Dollar post-treatment - I'm not talking about budget boundaries here. It are tiny things like this that bother me once or twice per episode. Sorry anyway for the off-topic excursion.
205	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	Well, English isn't my first language either, so it's a tie /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' /> 
My previous post wasn't really directed at anyone in particular, it's just that I am having a much better time reading the responses, and generally participating in discussions with viewers that haven't read the books. 
Their comments are... how to phrase it... more honest in a way? They watch the series and judge it on its own merits. They like what they like and don't like what they don't like (well, this sounds dumb  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> ). 
The whole "book this, book that" mentality is ultimately self-defeating and just plain boring.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 17 June 2011 - 02:15 PM.
206	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-17	No offense taken (and hopefully not sounding offensive myself, English isn't my first or second language), and certainly not asking the impossible. Sets and costumes are most often lovingly done and in rich detail, I don't complain on those, the opposite is the case. But take for example the so very obvious bluescreen recordings from Bran on winterfells roofs, that looks like in a movie from the early Seventies. Could have been done better for a 5 Dollar post-treatment - I'm not talking about budget boundaries here. It are tiny things like this that bother me once or twice per episode. Sorry anyway for the off-topic excursion.Something I would be interested to hear is which similar shows you've found to have appeared to have a high budget. That you think this show has come off as low budget is of course your opinion and we all have our opinions but there must be some context in order to think that, otherwise the reaction would simply be that this is what you get with a budget like this.
207	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	No offense taken (and hopefully not sounding offensive myself, English isn't my first or second language), and certainly not asking the impossible. Sets and costumes are most often lovingly done and in rich detail, I don't complain on those, the opposite is the case. But take for example the so very obvious bluescreen recordings from Bran on winterfells roofs, that looks like in a movie from the early Seventies. Could have been done better for a 5 Dollar post-treatment - I'm not talking about budget boundaries here. It are tiny things like this that bother me once or twice per episode. Sorry anyway for the off-topic excursion.Not to mention the fact that any scene that would require a large number of extras is either cut or very abbreviated. The tourney, the battles (or lack thereof), the dothraki wedding and dothraki horde numbering in the dozens, etc. Also see the random housedogs masquerading as direwolves, and the sets of Winterfell and King's Landing being approximately the size of my living room.It has been painfully obvious to me that they were working with an extremely limited budget given the scope of the project. I have to agree that they should have scaled back the marketing a bit, since it's clear they dumped a lot of cash into it (free iron throne rickshaws? really?)
208	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-17	Well, English isn't my first language either, so it's a tie /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' /> My previous post wasn't really directed at anyone in particular, it's just that I am having a much better time reading the responses, and generally participating in discussions with viewers that haven't read the books. Their comments are... how to phrase it... more honest in a way? They watch the series and judge it on its own merits. They like what they like and don't like what they don't like (well, this sounds dumb  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> ). The whole "book this, book that" mentality is ultimately self-defeating and just plain boring.I guess I'm in an unusual position. 10 weeks ago I had never even heard of GRRM, let alone read any thing he'd ever written. The first two episodes convinced me to buy and read the book. I have now read all the books up to date.  All I can say, is that in my opinion, the tv programme is a very poor shadow of the books. Not that the programme is bad, just that the book is so much better.
209	Songlian	2011-06-17	Overall it's a great pity that throughout episodes 1 to 9 I repeatedly got the impression of a low budget series, which it really isn't. This episode was no exception. Please note I do *not* think of/I do *not* refer to missing battle scenes when I say this.I, too, got the impression of low budget, and some of the people I know in real life have also told me this as one of their first reactions to the series. I'm definitely not complaining here - I enjoyed the show, despite its flaws - and I certainly wasn't expecting something like LOTR, but it's just that nagging feeling that they have been avoiding everything in the books that exceeded a certain size: lack of battles, more inside scenes than outside, limited number of actors and extras on screen, limited CGI... I mean, take for instance The Wall. How many times do we have a slow, wide panoramic view of what can be seen from its top? A few times only, and even then, it's corners of the image, Tyrion pissing on half the screen, wood and torches and whathaveyou obscuring the other side, and so on. The battles are probably the most obvious part of it all. Robb had 18.000 men fighting? Where? At times, the show was more telling than showing. That being said, some of the scenes were very, very well done. Credit goes to the actors, mostly. Best part of the series for me.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 17 June 2011 - 03:13 PM.
210	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	Something I would be interested to hear is which similar shows you've found to have appeared to have a high budget. That you think this show has come off as low budget is of course your opinion and we all have our opinions but there must be some context in order to think that, otherwise the reaction would simply be that this is what you get with a budget like this.Yeah, that's what I would like as well. Would someone please point me in the direction of a TV show with such scope (number of locations, enormous cast...) that doesn't, in your opinion, look cheap? Not a challenge on my part, I'm simply asking.
211	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	Something I would be interested to hear is which similar shows you've found to have appeared to have a high budget. That you think this show has come off as low budget is of course your opinion and we all have our opinions but there must be some context in order to think that, otherwise the reaction would simply be that this is what you get with a budget like this.Why does there need to be some sort of context to have the opinion that the show appears to come off as low budget?Most stories of this scope and size (LOTR of course comes to mind), is either adapted to the big screen in a movie or it is animated. Just because a story of this scope hasn't been attempted on the small screen before doesn't mean it can't appear low budget independent of any comparison. If context is considered, it should be the context of the story it is an adaptation of. Hence the criticism of the lack of battles and extras and so forth.
212	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-17	Why does there need to be some sort of context to have the opinion that the show appears to come off as low budget?Most stories of this scope and size (LOTR of course comes to mind), is either adapted to the big screen in a movie or it is animated. Just because a story of this scope hasn't been attempted on the small screen before doesn't mean it can't appear low budget independent of any comparison. If context is considered, it should be the context of the story it is an adaptation of. Hence the criticism of the lack of battles and extras and so forth.To say something is low budget has to be in context, otherwise it doesn't mean anything to the one listening (and it's always up to the speaker to make himself understood). You can call a film like The Blair Witch Project low budget and I've even heard people say that the LotR trilogy had too low a budget. Obviously the contexts for those two statements are extremely different.And people keep saying that they didn't expect LotR, which means that they are comparing the look to something else. I'm just interested to see what the comparison is, I'm not out to say that anyone's wrong. Still the only sensible thing to compare it to is to other TV shows because if you compare it to high budget movies you deserve to be disappointed for obvious reasons. The same goes for people that say that the story is of a scope that can't be done well with a TV budget because they should definitely have known beforehand that they would be disappointed.
213	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	Why does there need to be some sort of context to have the opinion that the show appears to come off as low budget?Most stories of this scope and size (LOTR of course comes to mind), is either adapted to the big screen in a movie or it is animated. Just because a story of this scope hasn't been attempted on the small screen before doesn't mean it can't appear low budget independent of any comparison. If context is considered, it should be the context of the story it is an adaptation of. Hence the criticism of the lack of battles and extras and so forth.Well, of course context matters. It is unreasonable to expect LOTR style 300 million dollar budgets in a TV production. One has to understand this is the small screen, and adjust the expectations accordingly. And I have to repeat that GoT is most certainly not low budget. It may not have a huge big screen money thrown its way, but let's be honest and compare it to most other things on TV - it *is* huge, it *does* have a large number of beautiful sets and a mind-bogglingly large cast of top quality actors. It is filmed in N Ireland and Malta. The costs of this production are very very high.So let's be grateful for a change. Let's appreciate the fact that we're getting a rich, good-loking fantasy TV show on a scale far bigger than anything TV has ever seen, OK?
214	SFA-OK	2011-06-17	It has been painfully obvious to me that they were working with an extremely limited budget given the scope of the project. I have to agree that they should have scaled back the marketing a bit, since it's clear they dumped a lot of cash into it (free iron throne rickshaws? really?)That's an interesting point. Does anyone know how much of the 50M budget has been spent on marketing and advertising? And yes, parts of the show do look a little bit low-budget. (I think it's a combinations of low-budget and just bad design in some places). But if the first season's budget really is 50M then maybe people shouldn't be surprised it has a low-budget look in places. That seems to be a pretty low number for a story of this magnitude. HBO probably should've put a little more money into it. Hopefully next season.
215	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	To say something is low budget has to be in context, otherwise it doesn't mean anything to the one listening (and it's always up to the speaker to make himself understood). You can call a film like The Blair Witch Project low budget and I've even heard people say that the LotR trilogy had too low a budget. Obviously the contexts for those two statements are extremely different.And people keep saying that they didn't expect LotR, which means that they are comparing the look to something else. I'm just interested to see what the comparison is, I'm not out to say that anyone's wrong. Still the only sensible thing to compare it to is to other TV shows because if you compare it to high budget movies you deserve to be disappointed for obvious reasons. The same goes for people that say that the story is of a scope that can't be done well with a TV budget because they should definitely have known beforehand that they would be disappointed.The context is the story itself. The show isn't changing the basic story... it's not eliminating the battles or tourney from the plot, it's just altering how they are shown to fit the budget.If someone made a tv adaptation of a scifi novel like Pandora's Star or some other book with lots of space battles, but rather than showing any scenes in space merely had long dialogues between people talking about the battles, people would quite rightfully point out that there must have been severe budget constraints. The same holds true here. There is an expensive tourney with all the greatest knights in the land in attendance, and there are only a few dozen onlookers. There is an army of 18,000 that you never actually see nor get a hint of. There are grand populous cities that seem to fit within a couple sound stages.I'm not saying the series is utter rubbish because of it, but only that it is abundantly clear that certain elements are left out because there is a lack of money to create them. You don't need a comparison to other television shows to see it. Is this a limitation of tv in general? Perhaps. Maybe this is the best that could ever be done on television. That's fine, but still doesn't change the fact that given the source material, the budget forced the producers to cut certain corners.
					
					
							Edited by ser_nerdick, 17 June 2011 - 05:33 PM.
216	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	I'm not saying the series is utter rubbish because of it, but only that it is abundantly clear that certain elements are left out because there is a lack of money to create them. You don't need a comparison to other television shows to see it. Is this a limitation of tv in general? Perhaps. Maybe this is the best that could ever be done on television. That's fine, but still doesn't change the fact that given the source material, the budget forced the producers to cut certain corners.Oh, I agree completely. It *is* obvious that something of this scale could use a bigger budget. Would I like to see a huge tourney with dozens of knights and hundreds of onlookers? Well, of course! Would I be ecstatic to see a large well choreographed battle? You betcha! I would love a 300 mil budget that would allow an unprecedented extravaganza to grace our screens /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> But, sad truth is, that's not realistic nor feasible. So we have two options really. Enjoy the series for what it is, judge it on its on merits, on the strengths (and weaknesses, of course) of its dialogues, direction, editing, actors' performances and overall faithfulness (or lack thereof) to the spirit of the books, or we can be disappointed because it doesn't match the grandeur and sprawling epicness of the written word.I don't presume to make that choice for anyone but myself. I am not interested in showing the error of anyone's ways. All I *am* saying is that you are potentially robbing yourselves of a chance to appreciate the show on its own terms, for what *it* is. No more, no less. /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' /> Let's be friends now, shall we? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Mr Fixit, 17 June 2011 - 05:50 PM.
217	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	Oh, I agree completely. It *is* obvious that something of this scale could use a bigger budget. Would I like to see a huge tourney with dozens of knights and hundreds of onlookers? Well, of course! Would I be ecstatic to see a large well choreographed battle? You betcha! I would love a 300 mil budget that would allow an unprecedented extravaganza to grace our screens /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> But, sad truth is, that's not realistic and feasible. So we have two options really. Enjoy the series for what it is, judge it on its on merits, on the strengths (and weaknesses, of course) of its dialogues, direction, editing, actors' performances and overall faithfulness (or lack thereof) to the spirit of the books, or we can be disappointed because it doesn't match the grandeur and sprawling epicness of the written word.I don't presume to make that choice for anyone but myself. I am not interested in showing the error of anyone's ways. All I *am* saying is that you are potentially robbing yourselves of a chance to appreciate the show on its own terms, for what *it* is. No more, no less. /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />I wouldn't assume that anyone remarking on the budget constraints of the show isn't appreciating its other elements. I certainly am. I note that the dothraki heart-eating ceremony has less people sitting around than at my last trip to the DMV, and move on. I don't think it's reasonable to completely ignore it. Just like dialogue, direction, editing, and acting, it is a factor in what you may or may not enjoy about the show. Budget constraints could be applied to not just battle scenes, but also the other factors like the writing and acting. You may criticize a certain actor, but maybe part of the reason he is in the part is that they couldn't afford to hire who they really wanted. It's all part of the mix. Saying you have to appreciate the show for "what *it* is" makes it sound like you have to only praise the show. Example: "Geez, I think all the added Roz scenes are horrible." --> "You have to appreciate the show for what it is, and that includes Rozfest! Would it be better without Roz, well yes, but this is what we have, so we should accept it."Let's be friends now, shall we? /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I don't get very riled up over tv show discussions.   /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' />
					
					
							Edited by ser_nerdick, 17 June 2011 - 06:09 PM.
218	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	Saying you have to appreciate the show for "what *it* is" makes it sound like you have to only praise the show. Example: "Geez, I think all the added Roz scenes are horrible." --> "You have to appreciate the show for what it is, and that includes Rozfest! Would it be better without Roz, well yes, but this is what we have, so we should accept it."Oh c'mon, that's not fair /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  I didn't say that. If you find Rozfest to be annoying, OK. It's part of that "scripting, directing, acting" thing. You don't like it because (I presume) you think those are just badly executed scenes that serve no purpose but to pander to a certain demographic. It's a perfectly fine sentiment.
219	I love Cersei	2011-06-17	What have I started, with a marginal note? As much as some of you seem to want it, I can't give you any comparison TV show that's better made on a similar budget. Might be because I never ever watched a TV show since Friends - was it some 7 or 8 years ago? I'm the reading type. It's just the independent feeling that some moments/scenes/choosings of restricted locations come off as deliberately cheaply executed (maybe backed up by the experience I gathered as a photographer or studying CG at university and thus being able to estimate what can be done with what kind of effort), or done to save effort and thus money.
Like I said before there are details that could have been done better without much cost, like better adjustment of color moods in some "images", so I do not consider the budget of the series as a limitation to these things. Same thing but unconnected to all above, with the wolves, I understand you can't have them misbehaving around your expensive actors in many shots, but to have them real wolves run or even just sit before a blue screen and put them in later in one scene or the other wouldn't take millions of $$.
Regarding this episode, a CG-enriched picture of Jaime's 30.000 strong army's camp sometime before the WW battle or something of the sort would have done so much. Also seeing Jaime trying to cut his way free to Rob, defeating some men in a misty wood, between lots of tree trunks and shadows would have gone such a long way too imo. You see I'm not talking of expensive additions or LOTR style epicness.
I really didn't want to answer on this topic again, since the whole point of the discussion wasn't important to me, a mere side note. I'd rather discuss the episode's selection of scenes, the storytelling and acting than speculating on what can or cannot be done with what kind of money. But seeing what I helped get rolling I felt I had to explain. Just this: A neon rose Ferrari can look cheap whereas a much less expensive metallic dark blue Mercedes can look just great, it's not always a matter of budget.
Now for the offended fanboys I want to stress that by no means I intended to put the series into a bad light. It's a glorious and wonderful series and I'm very happy and grateful it has been done so I can watch it, and I certainly do support it as lies in my power because I want many more seasons to follow. It doesn't matter that I like the books more, I still love the TV show.
220	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	Oh c'mon, that's not fair /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />  I didn't say that. If you find Rozfest to be annoying, OK. It's part of that "scripting, directing, acting" thing. You don't like it because (I presume) you think those are just badly executed scenes that serve no purpose but to pander to a certain demographic. It's a perfectly fine sentiment.I was just using it as an example. It's similar...Criticism: I didn't like the tourney scene because it seemed small and they only showed one joust Answer: it probably would have been better with more extras but that's the way they filmed it so best to ignore it and move onCriticism: I don't like the Roz scenes Answer: it probably would have been better without those Roz scenes, but that is what the writers chose to do and they filmed it so best to ignore it and move onI understand that there is an inherent limit to what a production can do on television. But if done correctly, people shouldn't notice the budget constraints. When I watched Spartacus or the Wire or even Rome I didn't give much consideration to the budget because it wasn't drawn to my attention. Here it is. That is the problem.Maybe A Song of Ice and Fire simply can't fit within a television budget, but that doesn't mean everyone should ignore it. If the actors were only pretending to ride imaginary horses ala Monty Python and Holy Grail, people should (correctly) criticize it. You can't just ignore any budget or lack of scale criticisms or consider them invalid just because this is on television.
221	Mr Fixit	2011-06-17	I was just using it as an example. It's similar...Criticism: I didn't like the tourney scene because it seemed small and they only showed one joust Answer: it probably would have been better with more extras but that's the way they filmed it so best to ignore it and move onCriticism: I don't like the Roz scenes Answer: it probably would have been better without those Roz scenes, but that is what the writers chose to do and they filmed it so best to ignore it and move onI understand that there is an inherent limit to what a production can do on television. But if done correctly, people shouldn't notice the budget constraints. When I watched Spartacus or the Wire or even Rome I didn't give much consideration to the budget because it wasn't drawn to my attention. Here it is. That is the problem.Maybe A Song of Ice and Fire simply can't fit within a television budget, but that doesn't mean everyone should ignore it. If the actors were only pretending to ride imaginary horses ala Monty Python and Holy Grail, people should (correctly) criticize it. You can't just ignore any budget or lack of scale criticisms or consider them invalid just because this is on television.Look, if you're gonna just twist and interpret my words your way, go ahead. I won't reply, and you can just put words in my mouth and then respond.As for Rome, guess why it got cancelled...
222	ser_nerdick	2011-06-17	Look, if you're gonna just twist and interpret my words your way, go ahead. I won't reply, and you can just put words in my mouth and then respond.As for Rome, guess why it got cancelled...Sorry man, didn't mean it like that. I was trying to show how it's not really possible to separate or ignore budget constraints when watching a show or movie. And true about Rome! But even there, my point was that despite Rome not showing major battles or massive numbers of extras, the budget of the show didn't really cross my mind as I watched; in GoT, it does.
223	King-Slayer	2011-06-17	Well, English isn't my first language either, so it's a tie /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' /> My previous post wasn't really directed at anyone in particular, it's just that I am having a much better time reading the responses, and generally participating in discussions with viewers that haven't read the books. Their comments are... how to phrase it... more honest in a way? They watch the series and judge it on its own merits. They like what they like and don't like what they don't like (well, this sounds dumb  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' /> ). The whole "book this, book that" mentality is ultimately self-defeating and just plain boring.I started reading the book before the series began, it helped a lot in sorting out the characters, places, families. I did stop reading for a while and found it more exciting and surprising to watch without knowing what was going to happen.  But, whenever I wanted to discuss the series or looked up anything about the series, I'd accidentally  run to spoilers. I decided I would rather read the books than try to be careful all the time about spoilers. I guess I could stay off the boards and not look anything up, but I love to hear what others have to say.   It is very difficult though, not to say anything about a part in the book you wanted to see and wasn't depicted in the series. I totally understand when book lovers do this, so it doesn't bother me. I like hearing both sides. I would also like to know, even if you haven't read the book, wouldn't you want to see how Jaime got captured? He was so cocky about his ability to fight in the beginning of the series. Wouldn't you have wanted to at least see that?I do like this show and can't wait for the next episode. Sometimes I watch them again because I have them DVRd. This thread is about rating this episode, so isn't it right, that you rate it, and then mention why?
224	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-18	The context is the story itself. The show isn't changing the basic story... it's not eliminating the battles or tourney from the plot, it's just altering how they are shown to fit the budget.If someone made a tv adaptation of a scifi novel like Pandora's Star or some other book with lots of space battles, but rather than showing any scenes in space merely had long dialogues between people talking about the battles, people would quite rightfully point out that there must have been severe budget constraints. The same holds true here. There is an expensive tourney with all the greatest knights in the land in attendance, and there are only a few dozen onlookers. There is an army of 18,000 that you never actually see nor get a hint of. There are grand populous cities that seem to fit within a couple sound stages.I'm not saying the series is utter rubbish because of it, but only that it is abundantly clear that certain elements are left out because there is a lack of money to create them. You don't need a comparison to other television shows to see it. Is this a limitation of tv in general? Perhaps. Maybe this is the best that could ever be done on television. That's fine, but still doesn't change the fact that given the source material, the budget forced the producers to cut certain corners.What you described is very poorly communicated by saying it's low budget. The term 'low budget' should be used in relation to other relevant budgets (TV), otherwise you could define every single TV budget in history as low budget, which makes no sense. It's also really funny how some people are complaining about how budget constraints must have prevented them to show the Battle of the Whispering Wood, despite that we aren't even shown that in the book (which in comparison has an infinite budget).And you also move on to what I wrote about, that this is very obviously a limitation of TV in general since Rome had somewhere around twice the budget and still didn't show much of the battles (because quality shows can't have battle scenes of significantly lower quality as that will become disruptive). Saying that Rome is a low, or even medium budget series is crazy talk, ergo GoT is not a low budget TV series by any reasonable view. If someone disagrees with that then he is definitely comparing the show to movies (whether they realize it themselves or not) and that can only come from that not being someone to think things through properly, and it in turn means that the viewer himself is the big reason why the experience isn't as good as it could be. Nothing can ruin an experience more than unrealistic expectations and obviously some people expected this show to do things that a show twice as expensive didn't do. It's harsh but I think those deserve to be disappointed because it will be a good lesson for them.As for one of your later posts, I'm surprised that you didn't get the same feeling with Rome. When I watched it I felt it was obvious that they didn't have the money to do the battle scenes and other grand scale things. It was that show that taught me that a story can also easily be better by removing focus from battle and putting it almost entirely on individual characters and I was quite certain GoT would be the exact same kind of show. I'm quite curious why you feel like quickly skipping past battles in one show is different from the other (and I hope it's something else than having read the book before GoT). Spartacus was entertaining for what it was but if you think that show looks better than GoT we will likely not find any common ground in our opinions (which is not necessary for this discussion though).
225	ser_nerdick	2011-06-18	What you described is very poorly communicated by saying it's low budget. The term 'low budget' should be used in relation to other relevant budgets (TV), otherwise you could define every single TV budget in history as low budget, which makes no sense. It's also really funny how some people are complaining about how budget constraints must have prevented them to show the Battle of the Whispering Wood, despite that we aren't even shown that in the book (which in comparison has an infinite budget).It's low budget for the story they are trying to tell. As for one of your later posts, I'm surprised that you didn't get the same feeling with Rome. When I watched it I felt it was obvious that they didn't have the money to do the battle scenes and other grand scale things. It was that show that taught me that a story can also easily be better by removing focus from battle and putting it almost entirely on individual characters and I was quite certain GoT would be the exact same kind of show. I'm quite curious why you feel like quickly skipping past battles in one show is different from the other (and I hope it's something else than having read the book before GoT). Spartacus was entertaining for what it was but if you think that show looks better than GoT we will likely not find any common ground in our opinions (which is not necessary for this discussion though).I think it's because Rome focused on a much smaller group of characters, while GoT is more epic in scope and has a lot more locations and characters to deal with. Also, as others have mentioned, the budget constraints aren't just apparent in the lack of battlescenes. The strange absence/reappearance of the direwolves and the limited number of extras make it obvious as well.
226	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-18	It's low budget for the story they are trying to tell.It's beyond me how that wasn't apparent to everyone as soon as we heard this was going to be on TV. And yet again, that's not at all the same as saying that it's a low budget series, which was the statement this discussion originated from. In a low budget series you wouldn't have this kind of workmanship on costumes, weaponry etc.So if the initial thing had been a statement that someone thought TV wasn't enough for this story I wouldn't have thought there was anything wrong with that, just as sad that I would have thought it was apparent from the start.I think it's because Rome focused on a much smaller group of characters, while GoT is more epic in scope and has a lot more locations and characters to deal with. Also, as others have mentioned, the budget constraints aren't just apparent in the lack of battlescenes. The strange absence/reappearance of the direwolves and the limited number of extras make it obvious as well.I don't quite see it so I'm not sure if I understand your point.  As for the direwolves absence, that has nothing to do with budget. I try to remember any shot in Rome with more than 700 extras in it (as I roughly counted in the largest GoT scene) but I can't remember one, although it's some time since I last saw it though so there certainly might be some.And there's of course the aspect of Rome being hideously expensive so if something falls a bit short of that it hardly says much.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 June 2011 - 10:28 AM.
227	So1ar	2011-06-18	why do people keep saying things like "if you want to see an epic $500 million dollar movie with massive battles go watch lotr, braveheart, or troy." i haven't seen anyone, who is complaining about lack of battles, say they want a battle scene of lotr caliber. most of us realize that is unrealistic but it shouldn't be unrealistic to see an actual fight take place after so much build up.
my main disappointment is they WAY the green fork and whispering woods were set up. it would have been nice to see tywin setting in the reserve with his commanders and giving orders. then when the fighting is about to start he says something like "where is the young wolf?". then we cut to robb in front of his men and EXPLAINING where he is and what is about to happen. that would have taken about 5-6 minutes and it would help non-readers from scrathing their heads so much. then we cut to tyrion waking up and go from there. that would have been just fine imo.
overall, i was disappointed with the green fork but i didn't mind missing it as much as missing the whispering wood. now, my reason for this is not to see some swords clashing around, but to see jaime kicking some ass. i don't think it's been said enough how much of a badass jaime really is. my non-reader friends get that he's a lannister, a knight, and a warrior. but they don't know how good jaime really is and i think that is a huge flaw on hbo's point. seeing jaime in combat is as important to his character as tyrion's exposition. i'm serious when i say this. if people actually see him fight and think to themselves,"wow..he really is a badass" then it will mean so much more 
	Spoiler when his hand is cut off
228	Lion of Venice	2011-06-18	I agree with So1ar, it's not about the battle with lots of extras, it's about seeing the meaningful character in that situations.
229	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-18	why do people keep saying things like "if you want to see an epic $500 million dollar movie with massive battles go watch lotr, braveheart, or troy." i haven't seen anyone, who is complaining about lack of battles, say they want a battle scene of lotr caliber. most of us realize that is unrealistic but it shouldn't be unrealistic to see an actual fight take place after so much build up.If you are asking why the discussion above your post has been as it is, just read what's been posted. That discussion has been around that some people have found the show to be a "low budget show".As for your explanation of the scene, you're not explaining what happened in the show. In the show Robb has attacked Jaime at the same time as Tywin was attacked and from the looks of it they won by the time Tywin had won. Funnily enough I've only seen readers scratch their heads at that. All the non-readers I know drew their own conclusions easily. Not that that's any statistical evidence but I think that readers often get confused when they don't realize how things have been changed and try to fit in what they've read. As for showing the Whispering Wood, I didn't expect them to show larger scale battles that wasn't even shown in the book as they are saving money by not even showing most of what the book actually describes.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 18 June 2011 - 12:24 PM.
230	I love Cersei	2011-06-18	(..) just read what's been posted. That discussion has been around that some people have found the show to be a "low budget show".You nailed it. The show isn't the kind of low budget that our unfulfilled wishes weren't possible to realize. Forgive quoting myself:I repeatedly got the impression of a low budget series, which it really isn't.
231	I love Cersei	2011-06-18	Let's be optimistic. Maybe they saved many $$ to give as a spectacularly grandiose season finale showdown fireworks. ;-)
The time is near!
232	So1ar	2011-06-18	If you are asking why the discussion above your post has been as it is, just read what's been posted. That discussion has been around that some people have found the show to be a "low budget show".i've read what's been posted and i get that people found it to be low budget, but i haven't seen anyone say they were expecting lotr style battles.As for your explanation of the scene, you're not explaining what happened in the show. In the show Robb has attacked Jaime at the same time as Tywin was attacked and from the looks of it they won by the time Tywin had won.maybe i'm misreading this or i didn't explain myself very well, but i said they could show tywin ask "where is the young wolf?" when the battle was about to begin. then show robb at the whispering wood before his battle also began. then it could cut to tyrion waking up and everything would be back the same as it was. to me that would have added to the build up and cleared things up a little better. not to mention demonstrate robb's strategy more clearly.
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 18 June 2011 - 12:57 PM.
233	zippypoodle	2011-06-18	I think when the episode vote totals have been as overwhelmingly high as they are, the complainers can be safely ignored.
234	I love Cersei	2011-06-18	I think when the episode vote totals have been as overwhelmingly high as they are, the complainers can be safely ignored.... and thus, preventing any improvements for season 2, that might come off of them being heard, is that what you want to say?I rated very high, but I still find room for some complaints from time to time. Feel free to ignore them the feedback as you wish.
235	SFA-OK	2011-06-18	If you are asking why the discussion above your post has been as it is, just read what's been posted. That discussion has been around that some people have found the show to be a "low budget show".As for your explanation of the scene, you're not explaining what happened in the show. In the show Robb has attacked Jaime at the same time as Tywin was attacked and from the looks of it they won by the time Tywin had won. Funnily enough I've only seen readers scratch their heads at that. All the non-readers I know drew their own conclusions easily. Not that that's any statistical evidence but I think that readers often get confused when they don't realize how things have been changed and try to fit in what they've read. As for showing the Whispering Wood, I didn't expect them to show larger scale battles that wasn't even shown in the book as they are saving money by not even showing most of what the book actually describes.That's interesting, but as you said it's anecdotal evidence. But what conclusions did the non-readers come to exactly? There wasn't much to draw from that scene. I think the reason why some non-readers weren't shaking their heads at some of these scenes is because they obviously haven't read the books so they don't know what is even being omitted (ie, characterization, nuance, etc.). I agree with the bad way they've handled Jaime's character. Looking back, I think the fight scene between Ned and him was one of the worst scenes so far in the show. Here is a huge character who is known for being one of the greatest swordsman in the 7 Kingdoms but none of that has really been conveyed so far (Ned fight scene, Whispering Woods).
236	So1ar	2011-06-18	I agree with the bad way they've handled Jaime's character. Looking back, I think the fight scene between Ned and him was one of the worst scenes so far in the show. Here is a huge character who is known for being one of the greatest swordsman in the 7 Kingdoms but none of that has really been conveyed so far (Ned fight scene, Whispering Woods).thank you! i enjoyed the fight scene with ned just from a viewing standpoint, but it did annoy me that ned held his own against jaime. one could argue that the fight scenes with jaime are as important to him as a character as any sexposition/monologue we get from any other character.
237	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-18	i've read what's been posted and i get that people found it to be low budget, but i haven't seen anyone say they were expecting lotr style battles.maybe i'm misreading this or i didn't explain myself very well, but i said they could show tywin ask "where is the young wolf?" when the battle was about to begin. then show robb at the whispering wood before his battle also began. then it could cut to tyrion waking up and everything would be back the same as it was. to me that would have added to the build up and cleared things up a little better. not to mention demonstrate robb's strategy more clearly.I just said that some people seem to, perhaps unaware, compare it to movies. That doesn't have to go to the extent of LotR battle scenes. The point being that they perhaps had too high expectations going into this, which is always dangerous. The show has it's fair share of flaws, but I feel many of them were expected and a show that's been mentioned as the best looking show currently on TV by several reviewers has done pretty well, even if individual opinions will always differ.As for your suggestion I probably misread it a bit. What you say could certainly work, although as a detail it should perhaps be Tywin noting the size of the opposing army rather than Robb himself. That's interesting, but as you said it's anecdotal evidence. But what conclusions did the non-readers come to exactly? There wasn't much to draw from that scene. I think the reason why some non-readers weren't shaking their heads at some of these scenes is because they obviously haven't read the books so they don't know what is even being omitted (ie, characterization, nuance, etc.). I agree with the bad way they've handled Jaime's character. Looking back, I think the fight scene between Ned and him was one of the worst scenes so far in the show. Here is a huge character who is known for being one of the greatest swordsman in the 7 Kingdoms but none of that has really been conveyed so far (Ned fight scene, Whispering Woods).They figured they had beaten Jaime's army by taking him by surprise. That might of course be incorrect since we do not yet know if they are combining the Whispering Wood with the attack on the siege of Riverrun. We'll see. And it's just as you say, readers often take the stance of looking what they feel should be told instead of looking purely at what's being told. It's probably impossible for us to avoid that completely.As for Jaime I'd still say that the show version of his clash with Ned was much more climactic than the book version, where Ned injures himself through bad luck and Jaime doesn't do anything. Jaime didn't dominate but I think he looked to be in control and enjoying himself against Ned, who was honed as more of a warrior in the show. As for the Whispering Wood, one man's swordsmanship can't go that far in a big battle. Still I too would have liked a little recollection to a valiant effort by Jaime, rather than Robb just acknowledging that Jaime is superior to him in one on one combat.
238	So1ar	2011-06-18	I just said that some people seem to, perhaps unaware, compare it to movies. That doesn't have to go to the extent of LotR battle scenes. The point being that they perhaps had too high expectations going into this, which is always dangerous.agreed.
239	arrowfan	2011-06-19	Yea this was a tough one to rate.  I wanted to give this ep a 7 or 8, but that ending scene was so damn good... 9/10.  I know that's too generous but that closing scene was wicked.
240	malarky1231	2011-06-20	Guys just be glad this show didn't turn out to be like Camelot or the Borgias. It has a larger budget than either of those shows, and $10 million was spent on the pilot alone. The only two HBO shows I can think of that had a larger budget was BoB and the pacific, and those two were miniseries.
241	Erekose	2011-06-20	Here is Adolf Hitler's Review of Episode 9http://www.youtube.c...h?v=1kLSYTHQbm4
242	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-20	Guys just be glad this show didn't turn out to be like Camelot or the Borgias. It has a larger budget than either of those shows, and $10 million was spent on the pilot alone. The only two HBO shows I can think of that had a larger budget was BoB and the pacific, and those two were miniseries.Camelot is just atrocious, but the Borgias is quite good and managed a decent battle battle scene in spite of the budget. And Rome and Boardwalk Empire both have larger budgets then GoT. The pilot for BE was 18 million alone.
243	Rhaegar Stark	2011-09-17	8/10.
It was a great episode, very high-paced, and I actually like the scenes with Shae And Tyrion. 'Nuff said.
244	Gendry Waters	2011-10-17	all those complaining... giving it a 2 out of 10 really? There's a thing called budget.
245	HyacinthGirl	2011-11-17	BEST EPISODE OF SEASON ONE. Damn it, Ned! I'm going to miss sean bean.
People are upset about the lack of the Bolton/Stark vs Tywin Lannister battle, but hey, battles are expensive. I forgive the production team.
					
					
							Edited by freyar_88, 17 November 2011 - 08:12 AM.
246	Mayhem	2011-11-29	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO.EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.They did make up for the battle with Caesar and Pompey with the battle of phillipi in Rome which was amazing, so maybe they will make for these battles with an epic Blackwater battle
247	ICE CROW	2011-12-02	Everyone complaining we didn't see the battles, sure i would have liked to see the battles as well. But they did what was necessary for the budget and in my opinion even though i wanted to see the battles, the show gave us more than enough good stuff to enjoy. Now that the show has become a monster of a worldwide phenomenon, season 2's budget has increased ive heard and they are pulling out all the stops for the Blackwater episode. I also just read how HBO sources are saying they are setting things up right now to shoot seasons 3 and 4 (Storm of Swords) in one long 9 month shooting period. So HBO it seems is definitely behind the show big time now and i wouldn't be surprised if we see even bigger budgets for seasons 3 and 4 so im not worried.
248	estella	2012-01-28	Nine.Would be a ten because EMOTIONS /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />but there was too much Shae. I suppose some people were fine with that, but I don't particularly like her character.
249	Chelly	2012-01-30	I think episode 9 is my favorite of season 1. Ned's death scene was so well done and emotional for me.
250	Sand Snake Joan	2012-02-09	I never give a perfect score for anything.  But this episode was brilliant.
251	Rhaegar Targaryen's Ghost	2012-02-21	People were really upset with the lack of battles in all of season one, but i'm imagining they are watching their budget to make sure that the battle of the blackwater in ACOK is incredible. I would much rather them show the big fights and let us hear about the small ones.
252	MouldyMuffin	2013-02-24	A 9. It was a damn great episode.
253	Ninotchka	2011-06-16	Hi, guys  /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' /> I wanted to give you a little gift I've made after S01E09... I did it originally in spanish, but I wanted to share it with you, so I made up a sort of translation (sure I have ruined it somehow  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> but hey, I've done what I could) I hope you enjoy it!  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> 
Here it is: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=1kLSYTHQbm4
Kisses from the wild people of Asshai  /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> we are watching you, so be baaaaaad  /ohwell.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ohwell:' />
254	Nebiros	2011-06-17	Oh my god... this video has been so overused, with captions that didn't really fit at all until I believed one of those couldn't be funny anymore... But this one is so fitting, pure genius. Hilarious! Very well done, sir /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' /> And greetings back to Asshai. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
255	iheartseverus	2011-06-17	That is wonderful!  Totally hilarious, I'm laughing out loud!!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
256	ferthepoet	2011-06-17	Awesome!! I hope people start overusing the Drogo speech scene as they do with this Hitler one, it would help the visibility of the seires.
257	AshaÂ´s turnip	2011-06-17	And now I know here nipples better than my own balls really had me  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> . 
I swear if they kill one more character, even that guy Drogo *starts giggling again*. 
Not to mention the "two legged spoiler".
258	Trebla	2011-06-17	Kudos for changing Stalin to Stannis!  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
259	BigFatCoward	2011-06-17	"two legged spoiler".that was the part where i lost my shit as well.
260	Lion of Venice	2011-06-17	Wow, really well done! I loved the "All those who think this is an amazing, awesome, dramatic turn get the fuck out of here." *most people leave the room* I guess those are the ones that read the book... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
261	Ser Greguh	2011-06-17	Very well done.  I had already linked your vid in the "Best/funniest reactions" thread.  A few moments of lumpy translation but enough moments of comic genius to offset them.  I was hoping for the one lady to comfort the other by saying "Don't worry, he'll never make it to the Red Wedding," but alas /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
262	Kaitscralt	2011-06-17	Funny stuff! The comment about knowing Roz' nipples better than his own balls had me cracking up.
263	arantius	2011-06-18	Well done Ninotchka, that's awesome  /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> 
I love how Hitler waited in line to get a photo on the Iron Throne like Ned.  And how he doesn't believe that Renly and Loras are gay.  Brilliant!!!
264	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-18	Crazy, I tweeted this yesterday after seeing it on the Sage Francis forum. I tried to post it on here but it said it need approval, then wasn't posted. Or something. Anyway, it made me laugh.
265	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-06-18	Bravo Ninotchka, you owe me a new keyboard.
266	Padraig	2011-06-18	Very impressive. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
267	mediaeval	2011-07-23	genius
268	Stormking Alesander I	2014-03-31	La cumbre del humor espaA±ol:Cabreos de Hitler
269	Arataniello	2011-05-27	For a long time I was confused by the title of this episode - "Baelor" - since there was no character of that name of which I could think.  Then I realized - 
	Spoiler  It's probably for The Great Sept of Baelor, and that therefore this is going to include a rapid loss of height, along with some loss of brain function, for Ned Stark. 

					
					
							Edited by Ran, 27 May 2011 - 02:37 PM.
270	Abaddon	2011-05-27	I still don't know why they chose "Baelor" instead of "Baelor the Blessed" which would have been a better name IMHO.  Yes, very minor nitpick there.
271	Greywolf2375	2011-05-27	For a long time I was confused by the title of this episode - "Baelor" - since there was no character of that name of which I could think.  Then I realized - 
	Spoiler  It's probably for The Great Sept of Baelor, and that therefore this is going to include a rapid loss of height, along with some loss of brain function, for Ned Stark. 
Can't wait to see the comments about not being able to see a difference in his abilities.
272	Maginor	2011-05-27	I still don't know why they chose "Baelor" instead of "Baelor the Blessed" which would have been a better name IMHO.  Yes, very minor nitpick there.Because it refers to the Great Sept of Baelor, Not Baelor the Blessed himself.
273	zmflavius	2011-05-27	I still don't know why they chose "Baelor" instead of "Baelor the Blessed" which would have been a better name IMHO.  Yes, very minor nitpick there.I think Baelor the Blessed wouldn't really sound as good as a title such as Baelor, since single word titles tend to have more significance ascribed to them.
274	Abaddon	2011-05-27	I think Baelor the Blessed wouldn't really sound as good as a title such as Baelor, since single word titles tend to have more significance ascribed to them.Well, I find the second assertion a bit questionable, although it is certainly the only single-word title in the series (to me that just makes it seem out of place).  I find "Baelor the Blessed" more lyrical, and more ironic given what is going to take place in the episode.  More interesting than just "Baelor", for sure.If course, that's just my opinion /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.  And if the episode is as amazing as I think it is going to be, I couldn't care less, really.Because it refers to the Great Sept of Baelor, Not Baelor the Blessed himself. Yes, if one were to be strictly literal, you'd need "Great Sept of Baelor".  But if you look at the other titles there is plenty of leeway to refer to the individual the Sept is named after, I think.  I just love the idea of getting "Baelor the Blessed into an episode title, where a decidedly un-blessed event occurs.  "Great Sept of Baelor" doesn't communicate that, and neither does "Baelor".Again, not really important...
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 27 May 2011 - 11:26 AM.
275	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-27	I think the title would have sounded better as Baelor's Sept, but oh well.
276	Anomandaris86	2011-05-27	It's been so long since I read the book but I always remembered it as happening outside. Confused now.
Also who wants to bet that it will be the final scene of the episode?
277	Arataniello	2011-05-27	It's been so long since I read the book but I always remembered it as happening outside. Confused now.Also who wants to bet that it will be the final scene of the episode?It does happen outside in the book, just outside the Great Sept.  Arya climbs partway up a statue to see.  The last shots in the episode may in fact be of Arya being 'assisted' by Yoren.
278	Anomandaris86	2011-05-27	Hey, how was Yoren able to find her anyway?
279	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-27	Yoren was there because he was going to take Ned to Wall, so he could take the black, but we know Joffrey messed up that plan. While there Yoren noticed Arya and grabbed her.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 27 May 2011 - 04:29 PM.
280	The Fan	2011-05-27	Can't wait to see the comments about not being able to see a difference in his abilities.Too soon....
281	Zezibesh	2011-05-28	Well, uh, duh? Personally I found it glaringly obvious.
282	Arataniello	2011-05-28	Well, uh, duh? Personally I found it glaringly obvious.How wonderful for you.  Perhaps next time you could post something relevant to the discussion, instead of something self-congratulatory?
283	DragonAge93	2011-05-28	I thought Ned's execution was going to be in Ep8. Hm... Then I remembered he was executed on the Great Sept of Baelor, and now I know that this episode is most likely his death, which I'll probably be weeping at.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
284	AshaÂ´s turnip	2011-05-28	I was puzzeled at first as well, but I guess it'll have to refer to Ned's beheading in the sept as well. I'm wondering if it'll refer to something else in the episode as well, since a "Golden Crown" referd to Viserys' "crown" and Joffreys blond hair, aka his "golden crown". Don't know what it could refer to though.
285	tarantella	2011-05-28	That's going to be a hard scene to watch.  Amazing if they pull it off right, but still hard.  Poor Ned.
286	Loras	2011-05-29	Considering that this episode will probably have
	Spoiler  Jon finding out that Aemon is a Targaryen, and a lot of discussion of vows and honour, as well as Dany putting her faith in something like 'witchcraft'.  As well as Stark wrestling with his honour and morality

I think 'Baelor' is a great name for the episode.  This episode has the potential to be the most thematically linked of the first season.  Another great name would be 'Family, Duty, Honour'.  This should be the highlight of the first season.
287	Lady Godiva	2011-05-30	Do you think that when Ned is killed, the non-readers who don't know the next books will think the story is ending?
288	zmflavius	2011-05-30	Do you think that when Ned is killed, the non-readers who don't know the next books will think the story is ending?I don't think it's likely, as it's common knowledge that there will be a tenth episode, and a second season is already in the works.And I think many of them will be able to accept Ned's death once they watch Robb's destiny forever altered.Of course, I don't know how they plan on reacting to the Red Wedding.
289	Anomandaris86	2011-05-30	That will be the true test, yes. We could very well lose a significant amount of viewers over that.
290	WorldWarRob	2011-05-31	That will be the true test, yes. We could very well lose a significant amount of viewers over that.This is what I'm worried about. When I first heard that HBO was making a series and that Sean Bean (probably the most widely known actor on the show) was being cast as Ned I was shocked...because of Ned's early demise. I honestly assumed that they would completely alter the story line somehow and make it to where Ned escapes. But yeah, that's not going to happen. Hopefully it doesn't turn viewers off too badly.
291	Arrogant Bastard	2011-05-31	This is what I'm worried about. When I first heard that HBO was making a series and that Sean Bean (probably the most widely known actor on the show) was being cast as Ned I was shocked...because of Ned's early demise. I honestly assumed that they would completely alter the story line somehow and make it to where Ned escapes. But yeah, that's not going to happen. Hopefully it doesn't turn viewers off too badly.I think for sure viewers will tune into the season finale. Most because they want to see what happens and how a show would have the balls to kill off the main character, and some probably because they will think it was a trick and Ned is still alive. And the last scene of the finale, if it's the last scene of the book, will probably bring back all the viewers despite Ned's demise (at least I hope). And, people are going to hate Joffrey so much they might keep tuning in to see him get his comeuppance. (I'm actually more worried about the ending of season 2, if it ends like the books, the "bad guys" are still in power and at that point some viewers might lose interest when things keep getting worse for the Starks).
292	Zezibesh	2011-05-31	I wouldn't really care if viewers were lose over Ned's death / RW, that would just mean people had an attachment to the characters and to get feelings like that over TV is cool.
293	rudd32	2011-05-31	Well nobody has said anything yet...if they are going to have a tower of joy scene this is pretty much the last chance for it lol.  Would they actually not have the scene in the series?
294	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-31	Well nobody has said anything yet...if they are going to have a tower of joy scene this is pretty much the last chance for it lol.  Would they actually not have the scene in the series?The good part about a TV series is that ToJ can happen whenever - we don't need a Ned POV for it to come out.  They can just show it anytime, as a cold open to a season, perhaps, or in an episode in a later season full of flashbacks - for example if the third book is split into 2 seasons, each season will need some filler, based on the relative lengths of AGoT and ASoS.  So this is by no means the last chance for ToJ - it is however probably the last chance for this season, as there simply won't be time if they don't do it while Ned is in the black cells. Doing it in a later season would just require a one-episode recall for Bean, which lends credence to the idea of a single "flashback" episode at some point.
295	Bahimiron	2011-05-31	This is what I'm worried about. When I first heard that HBO was making a series and that Sean Bean (probably the most widely known actor on the show) was being cast as Ned I was shocked...No one should be too surprised to see a Sean Bean character die. This is a guy who apparently only reads the first half of a script and says, "Heck yeah, this character seems awesome! I can't wait to start working on this series over the next few years!"It's only halfway through shooting that he's rereading his lines for the next scene and is all, "...arrow after arrow and... ...how the hell am I going to be in part two after this?"
					
					
							Edited by Bahimiron, 31 May 2011 - 10:13 AM.
296	The Iceman of the North	2011-05-31	Well nobody has said anything yet...if they are going to have a tower of joy scene this is pretty much the last chance for it lol.  Would they actually not have the scene in the series?Before the show they said there were not going to be any dream/flashback scenes. Obviously they have included some of Bran's dreams because they play a more important role in the story (so far). I assume they will start episode 10 with Bran's dream confirming the death of Ned. I'm not optimistic at seeing the ToJ scene.
297	madking	2011-05-31	No one should be too surprised to see a Sean Bean character die. This is a guy who apparently only reads the first half of a script and says, "Heck yeah, this character seems awesome! I can't wait to start working on this series over the next few years!"It's only halfway through shooting that he's rereading his lines for the next scene and is all, "...arrow after arrow and... ...how the hell am I going to be in part two after this?"he is in part two of that! In the extended edition anyway /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
298	Songstress	2011-05-31	No one should be too surprised to see a Sean Bean character die. This is a guy who apparently only reads the first half of a script and says, "Heck yeah, this character seems awesome! I can't wait to start working on this series over the next few years!"It's only halfway through shooting that he's rereading his lines for the next scene and is all, "...arrow after arrow and... ...how the hell am I going to be in part two after this?"LOL... one of my friends linked this on my Facebook page after I made some comment about re-watching the first LOTR movie and enjoying Sean Bean as Boromir:http://www.digitalpi...le=movie&id=229
299	Patrick Tully	2011-06-01	Before the show they said there were not going to be any dream/flashback scenes. Obviously they have included some of Bran's dreams because they play a more important role in the story (so far). I assume they will start episode 10 with Bran's dream confirming the death of Ned. I'm not optimistic at seeing the ToJ scene.In the promotion clips there was a scene that pretty likely had to be one or the other (or more likely a combination). If this scene does make the cut, then they will have bent their rules a bit.spoilerish pic
300	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-02	In the promotion clips there was a scene that pretty likely had to be one or the other (or more likely a combination). If this scene does make the cut, then they will have bent their rules a bit.spoilerish picIt will be amazing to see what this scene accomplishes in the end. It does look a lot like Ned, but it may not be. The ToJ will have to be played out subtley for the show, I know this because its too deep and enriched with plot/symbolism to film straight up and throw on TV. If we do get the essence of Lyanna and ToJ it may be through a POV TV experience - Ned present at the death of his kin. I agree completely Pat. or Ned's doppleganger found his way into the show. /owned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':owned:' />
301	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-02	If that scene doesn't make it into the series, I so hope we'll get it as an extra in the DVD set.
302	Lokhtar	2011-06-04	In the promotion clips there was a scene that pretty likely had to be one or the other (or more likely a combination). If this scene does make the cut, then they will have bent their rules a bit.spoilerish picMaybe they'll change the manner of his death to be more like how his brother/father died.  I hope not, I liked the book's version in this.
303	Panjer	2011-06-05	This is gonna be such a hard episode to watch, it was hard enough reading about it in the book!
304	Lokhtar	2011-06-05	This is gonna be such a hard episode to watch, it was hard enough reading about it in the book!Yea definitely - but it's the one I'm looking forward to the most.
305	Asarlai	2011-06-05	I think Baelor the Blessed wouldn't really sound as good as a title such as Baelor, since single word titles tend to have more significance ascribed to them.Which of the current novels of the Fice series do you like best? Game, Clash, Storm, or Feast?Do you think that when Ned is killed, the non-readers who don't know the next books will think the story is ending?Maybe if they turn it off during the credits before the preview of the next episode. I could see people becoming disinterested after the main character dies.
306	Huan	2011-06-06	I'm trying to remember if the book says why the Great Sept of Baelor was chosen as the location for Ned's "confession." Humiliation factor, I guess? It seems to me that it would be a great place to stage an execution, not a pardon (spilled blood profaning the steps of the sept notwithstanding).
307	Corvinus	2011-06-06	Which of the current novels of the Fice series do you like best? Game, Clash, Storm, or Feast?Maybe if they turn it off during the credits before the preview of the next episode. I could see people becoming disinterested after the main character dies.The show has no need for those kinds of people. I can see most people going WTF, but, knowing there will be another episode, they wait for the next week preview.
308	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	I think the title would have sounded better as Baelor's Sept, but oh well.Less is more.
309	Asarlai	2011-06-07	The show has no need for those kinds of people. I can see most people going WTF, but, knowing there will be another episode, they wait for the next week preview.The show has need for viewers, and beyond just the book fanbase; saying that it's too good for people hurt or disinterested when the main character is killed is wrong. Of course, I hope they keep watching, and I think most will.
310	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	I'm trying to remember if the book says why the Great Sept of Baelor was chosen as the location for Ned's "confession." Humiliation factor, I guess? It seems to me that it would be a great place to stage an execution, not a pardon (spilled blood profaning the steps of the sept notwithstanding).It was meant as a confession and chosen so mostly so the small folk could see him confessing. NO one besides Joffrey wanted that execution.
311	Patrick Tully	2011-06-07	It was meant as a confession and chosen so mostly so the small folk could see him confessing. NO one besides Joffrey wanted that execution.Probably need to add Littlefinger as an exception to that. It wouldn't surprise me to find his voice in Joffrey's ear beforehand. It suited his needs also.
312	Abaddon	2011-06-07	Less is more.Other show episode titles by Ser Warpechowski:WinterKingsroadSnowCripplesWolfCrownDiePointyBloodYeah, maybe not.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 07 June 2011 - 01:36 PM.
313	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	Well, I find the second assertion a bit questionable, although it is certainly the only single-word title in the series (to me that just makes it seem out of place).  I find "Baelor the Blessed" more lyrical, and more ironic given what is going to take place in the episode.  More interesting than just "Baelor", for sure.If course, that's just my opinion /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.  And if the episode is as amazing as I think it is going to be, I couldn't care less, really.Jaime Lannister, on the other hand, COULD care less.
314	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	The show has need for viewers, and beyond just the book fanbase; saying that it's too good for people hurt or disinterested when the main character is killed is wrong. Of course, I hope they keep watching, and I think most will.I think they've been doing a good job of playing up the other characters to create emotional attachments to them.  And, of course, having Bean die in the penultimate episode means they have one more episode to create a bunch of hooks that draw people in for the next season.I know my non-reader friends already love Tyrion, plus they got really pumped for bad ass Robb, who we'll get to see a lot more of in the next two episodes.  My biggest fear?  The dragons are terribly done CGI, and THAT'S what keeps people from coming back next season.
315	Cat O'Nine	2011-06-07	I'm trying to remember if the book says why the Great Sept of Baelor was chosen as the location for Ned's "confession." Humiliation factor, I guess? It seems to me that it would be a great place to stage an execution, not a pardon (spilled blood profaning the steps of the sept notwithstanding).He needs to be seen to confess his 'crimes' by as many people as possible thus legitimising Joffrey and discrediting any rumours about his parentage. Ned must be seen to be humiliated and the steps of the Great Sept are the ideal place to do this. I imagine it is a large public space, probably traditionally used for gatherings/proclamations.Not for executions though if the reaction of the High Septon in the books is anything to go by. And blood is *such* a bugger to get out of marble...
316	Anomandaris86	2011-06-08	Probably need to add Littlefinger as an exception to that. It wouldn't surprise me to find his voice in Joffrey's ear beforehand. It suited his needs also.That's what is implied, yes. I hope they show something like that in the episode.
317	j52y	2011-06-09	It's also possible it's named simply "Baelor" because it'll make comparisons to historical Baelors, as well as the setting of The Great Sept of Baelor. You have Baelor the Blessed, but also Baelor Breakspear, who we've actually met in The Hedge Knight.
318	Xanderpanda	2011-06-09	lol oops wrong thread that will teach me for multi threading
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 09 June 2011 - 05:49 AM.
319	gogorath	2011-06-09	I posted this much more snarkily in another thread, but I'll do it shorter here.
Since 99.9% didn't stop reading ASOIF when Ned died, and in fact, for many people, it elevated the story in their minds and made the entire series more exciting, why, oh why, is the concern that television viewers will react in a completely opposite manner.
Most Game of Thrones readers are fantasy readers.  From your experience, is a fantasy reader somehow so much more wordly and experienced than an HBO viewer?  Frankly, most of the fantasy out there is significantly less sophisticated than Six Feet Under or The Wire.  
Yes, there are Sean Bean fans and I suppose some of them may turn off.  But he's the "lead" of the show in name only (certainly equalled by Jon, Dany, Tyrion and Catelyn in screen time this year, or close and nowhere near in even 50% of the scenes).  You really think people are going to watch him die and go, "Well, that's the only plotline.  It's not like I don't need to know what happens to Arya, Sansa, Dany, Jon, Robb, Catelyn, Cersei, Jamie and that Tyrion guy.  I'm out."
What's more likely is that the person watching tells his or her friends and co-workers about how this show completely blew their mind with this plot point, and other people go on HBOGO or On Demand or Netflix the DVDs.
320	Greywolf2375	2011-06-09	The show has no need for those kinds of people. I can see most people going WTF, but, knowing there will be another episode, they wait for the next week preview.Couldn't disagree more - the show has absolute need for those viewers.  It's ironic that a very similar discussion is going on around the Stanley Cup Playoffs.  Since one team that hasn't won in almost 40 years is doing well, "old time" fans are annoyed that new fans are jumping on the bandwagon and cheering.  It's those new fans that are the ones that will boost ratings, revenue, etc.  It's the new fans of the books/TV series that will keep the show going because they are the ones that are going to go out to buy the books, get HBO, etc where they hadn't before.
321	Aemon Stark	2011-06-10	I'd be very surprised if anyone gives up on the show after Ned's demise. Now when the Red Wedding comes around, there may be something of a different reaction. I don't know what the TV equivalent of throwing a book across the room is, though.
322	GoTreviews	2011-06-10	My biggest fear? The dragons are terribly done CGI, and THAT'S what keeps people from coming back next season.I know it'll be harder to animate living things, but didn't the Wall reassured you a bit on this part?edit: I don't know what the TV equivalent of throwing a book across the room is, though. I think I do, but a Wiimote was involved. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 10 June 2011 - 11:39 AM.
323	malarky1231	2011-06-10	I'm sure with what's been done with white walkers in terms of CGI tells you the dragons are going to be made to look as real as possible
324	Abaddon	2011-06-10	I'd be very surprised if anyone gives up on the show after Ned's demise. Now when the Red Wedding comes around, there may be something of a different reaction. I don't know what the TV equivalent of throwing a book across the room is, though.Maybe we'll get a few "I threw my TV remote into my HDTV and broke it" after-the-fact shots  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
325	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-10	I know it'll be harder to animate living things, but didn't the Wall reassured you a bit on this part?edit:  I think I do, but a Wiimote was involved. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Eh...I think living things is an entirely different animal (no pun intended).  The wall looks great.  But, it's a wall.  I don't want to denigrate the effort that went into making it look so good, but I can't imagine making a wall is nearly as difficult as dragons.And it's not even a question of effort or difficulty, but resources.  Do they have enough money and time to do it right?  I hope they do.  I'll keep watching regardless, and so will 99% of the people posting here.  But it's the other people that need to keep watching for the series to continue past next season.
326	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-10	I'm sure with what's been done with white walkers in terms of CGI tells you the dragons are going to be made to look as real as possibleWe saw the White Walkers for a few seconds at the beginning of the season, and they seemed okay.  I know they'll do their best.  I just think it's an extremely difficult proposition without being able to pay top dollar for the best CGI.
327	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-10	I think the single word title for this episode is fitting. It's powerful.  Plus, The Great Sept of Baelor doesn't roll off the tongue easily. Sept of Baelor would have been okay.
328	Lokhtar	2011-06-10	We saw the White Walkers for a few seconds at the beginning of the season, and they seemed okay.  I know they'll do their best.  I just think it's an extremely difficult proposition without being able to pay top dollar for the best CGI.Were the white walkers cgi or some dudes dressed up as urukhai?  Dragons would have to be pure CGI.  Adding them in a lot of scenes would be very expensive.
329	malarky1231	2011-06-10	Were the white walkers cgi or some dudes dressed up as urukhai?  Dragons would have to be pure CGI.  Adding them in a lot of scenes would be very expensive.Who says they'll be in a lot of scenes? For all we know HBO might do what they did with the Direwolves and shorten the amount of scenes they appear in.
330	bowlwoman	2011-06-10	I don't know what the TV equivalent of throwing a book across the room is, though.Chucking throw pillows at the screen. I have an ample supply just waiting for season 3.
331	Abaddon	2011-06-10	I think the single word title for this episode is fitting. It's powerful.  Plus, The Great Sept of Baelor doesn't roll off the tongue easily. Sept of Baelor would have been okay.Baelor the Blessed.  It would have been perfect  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />(No, it's not that important).
332	Abaddon	2011-06-10	Please forgive me if I am wrong, but aren't the dragons in just one scene this season?
The CGI creatures in the first Narnia movie looked good.  Yeah, it was a movie, but it was six years ago, and there were multiple different kinds of animals in practically every scene.  I'd be really disappointed if the dragons don't look good in this scene at least, there's barely any movement required.  And we've already read interviews where the someone from the effects company talks about how important it is to do the scene justice.
Next season(s)... yeah, they will probably have to spend a little more money on the CGI, not just for the dragons, but for direwolves.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 10 June 2011 - 08:16 PM.
333	SergioCQH	2011-06-11	Baelor the Blessed.  It would have been perfect  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />(No, it's not that important).It's a relief you're not in charge of naming the episodes. "Baelor the Blessed" would have been a terrible name for such a tragic, climactic episode.
334	israfel070	2011-06-12	Baelor was a leader who lost sight of the world around him in favor of his inner morality... Wonder if they'll explain the backstory and compare it to Ned.
335	Gildenlow	2011-06-12	Yeah I expect they'll go all out with the final scene with the fire and dragons. Expensive, yes, but it's what closes the season, and it's what they need to make people go "HOLY SHIT" and come back for the next one, I think they'll do it justice.
336	Aegnor	2011-06-12	Next season(s)... yeah, they will probably have to spend a little more money on the CGI, not just for the dragons, but for direwolves.I read somewhere that they added 6 more SFX people for season 2.
337	persephone88	2011-06-12	My biggest fear?  The dragons are terribly done CGI, and THAT'S what keeps people from coming back next season.I am praying that the money they saved by not CGI-ing the direwolves went into some beautiful CGI dragons for the last ep!
338	Abaddon	2011-06-12	It's a relief you're not in charge of naming the episodes. "Baelor the Blessed" would have been a terrible name for such a tragic, climactic episode.You've never heard of irony, have you?[EDIT] Also, no reason to be an ass, it's just an opinion, and you're free to disagree.  Insulting me doesn't give your opinion more weight.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 12 June 2011 - 01:23 PM.
339	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-12	I read somewhere that they added 6 more SFX people for season 2.They'll need them, too - Clash has the Battle of the Blackwater, House of the Undying, shadowbabies, and all the dragon stuff...  /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  Hope they're talented!'Baelor' was probably picked so that when people loan the DVD boxset to their mates, those who've seen it already can moan, "OMG... Baelor!" "I know!!" at each other. Anything longer wouldn't have been as snappy or ominous.  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
340	unJon	2011-06-13	Right, so it's clear now why the title is just Baelor and not Baelor's Sept or Baelor the Blessed.  It's what Ned tells Yoren to save Arya:  Baelor . . . Baelor!
341	Misanthrope	2011-06-13	I don't think it's likely, as it's common knowledge that there will be a tenth episode, and a second season is already in the works.And I think many of them will be able to accept Ned's death once they watch Robb's destiny forever altered.Of course, I don't know how they plan on reacting to the Red Wedding. I very nearly quit reading the Books after the Red Wedding myself. It's time for Martin to pick on someone other than the Starks. . .
342	Greyjoy67	2011-06-13	I very nearly quit reading the Books after the Red Wedding myself. It's time for Martin to pick on someone other than the Starks. . .Heh, I agree. Maybe you're not as misanthropic as your name suggests.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
343	axhed	2011-06-13	I think Baelor the Blessed wouldn't really sound as good as a title such as Baelor, since single word titles tend to have more significance ascribed to them.saying something.  which is two mistakes as i count it.anyone name the movie?
344	craster's whore	2011-06-14	wrong thread
					
					
							Edited by craster's whore, 14 June 2011 - 03:05 AM.
345	Morrigan	2011-06-14	I very nearly quit reading the Books after the Red Wedding myself. It's time for Martin to pick on someone other than the Starks. . .I'd say he pretty much started picking on the Lannisters at the end of ASoS and in AFFC, no?
	Spoiler Joffrey dead, Tywin dead, Myrcella disfigured, Cersei imprisoned and in deep shit, Lancel turned to fanaticism, Jaime losing his hand and his lover/sister, Kevan losing his beloved brother and working to get his son Lancel a good home and losing that too, Tyrion a disfigured, condemned fugitive... Kevan and Jaime are currently the only Lannisters that aren't in deep shit at the moment.
Meanwhile, the Starks: 
	Spoiler Sansa is relatively safe at the Eyrie, though a fugitive; Arya is learning how to become an assassin; Bran is living an adventure to the North; Jon Snow is the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch; Rickon's fate is unknown but we can assume he's relatively safe with Osha. Ned, Cat and Robb died horribly, but so did Tywin and Joffrey and hopefully Cersei (and if we can believe Maggy's prophecy, Tommen and Myrcella will all die before her). All in all, I'd say the Starks are better off than the Lannisters at the moment. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />

					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 14 June 2011 - 03:47 PM.
346	Jojen	2011-06-18	UnJon beat me to it. 
"Baelor" as a title does makes sense since it's the last word Ned says that had any truth to it. If you look as he's being brought out, he says it to Yoren, who then looks over and sees Arya on the statue of Baelor. He's telling Yoren to protect her. Everything he says after that is a lie.
So "Baelor" doesn't refer to the sept or the man, but to the statue. It's the last word of a man who's choosing love/family over honor, as Varys begged him to do.
					
					
							Edited by Jojen, 18 June 2011 - 05:07 PM.
347	Magpy	2013-06-24	Right, so it's clear now why the title is just Baelor and not Baelor's Sept or Baelor the Blessed.  It's what Ned tells Yoren to save Arya:UnJon beat me to it.<snip>So "Baelor" doesn't refer to the sept or the man, but to the statue.Not quite... As Ned is being taken out, he sees Arya on the statue of Baelor. Then when he sees Yoren he cant tell him directly where Arya is, so he says "Baelor, Baelor!" and I think nods in the direction of the statue.Yoren looks at the statue and sees Arya...So the title is an indirect reference to how Arya escapes, at least for the moment.Tim
348	Joza the Harper	2013-06-30	I just watched this episode for the first time. I had not read the books or watched the series until Season 3.  The titles of the episodes seemed entirely haphazard to me.  Who the hell is Baelor?  What are they trying to tell us?
As the guard leads him in, Ned spots Arya watching from the elevated base of the statue.  He stops in front of Yoren as he is being lead to the stairs and says the single word "Baelor", hoping Yoren will look for Arya.  She is behind them in the crowd and Yoren hasn't seen her.
As Ned speaks from the sept stairs, he looks at both his daughters.  Sansa is beside the queen, expecting Ned to be exiled.  Arya is visible above the crowd, clinging to the statue.  Ned "confesses" and is pushed to his knees.  As he looks up to spot Arya, she is gone.  He bows his head and prays.
This is all about Ned's sacrifice to protect his daughters.  At least he sees that Arya may have escaped with Yoren.  I doubt he would have called on Yoren if he did not know he was going to die that day.
					
					
							Edited by Joza the Harper, 03 July 2013 - 01:59 PM.
349	Ran	2011-06-12	Spoiler-free discussion for episode 9, titled "Baelor". It is the penultimate episode of the first season.
350	Robb_	2011-06-14	Pretty much the perfect episode. 
On first watch I thought the first 20 minutes or so moved pretty slowly, probably because I was expecting them to fit the battles in after watching the promo - So was really looking forward to those. But on the rewatch I think it went at the right pace, some great performances in it aswell. Especially Sean Bean's and Maisie Williams at the end.
351	Marcus Adler	2011-06-14	It'll be my least favorite episode of the series, save for maybe one of them.  However, to be fair, there were certain things it did well:
1) Jorah's duel -- went exactly as it was written in the books. Well done on that. 
2) The cinematography -- Shots of The Crossing and the Dothraki sea were excellent in this episode, especially. 
3) Walder Frey -- Portrayed fairly well.
4) The blood magic in the tent -- the howling voices were ominous, eerie -- it couldn't have been done better.  
However, my gripes with this episode seem irreparable:
1)  The Battle at the Fork -- The ultimate cop-out.  Tyrion is supposed to develop and acquit himself well here.  In the series, no such luck -- a lot of fans were upset about it, and the people in charge should have been able to predict that. 
2)  The Whispering Wood -- I wouldn't have minded seeing this skipped so much, had the rest of the episode not been so under-done in terms of action-conflict.  But with Tyrion's own battle being skipped, this was a double-blow.  
3)  Severe differences in character portrayal -- I know I said this as 1, but it bears repeating -- Tyrion seems quite the fool in this battle, when he's supposed to be portrayed as a character who overcomes sizable disadvantages.  I can't stress this enough -- the Green Fork had better be replaced -- not just "made up for" by the Blackwater, but replaced by a scene that shows him beginning to find his strength.  At this point in the series, the Tyrion of the books is leaps and bounds beyond the Tyrion of the series.  Peter Dinklage plays him well, but the script is doing a real disservice to his fans.
352	DanyStark	2013-01-04	I just watched this episode again last night- I know what's coming, obviously. But it just frakkin' guts me everytime. Then I ugly cry and ball up under the covers.
353	ebevan91	2013-01-31	Just watched this episode again, and I wanted to say that I got chills when the Night's Watch were standing over the burning body, with Sam saying "I hope the Wall is high enough" or whatever, when talking about the White Walkers.
					
					
							Edited by ebevan91, 31 January 2013 - 02:19 PM.
354	uryu ishida	2011-06-14	So I was watching excerpts from the final scene from here:http://www.aoltv.com...pisode-9-recap/
And I noticed that as the sword is coming down (at the 0:55 mark), you see Ned's lips move.  Anyone know if he's trying to say something intelligible?  Or is he just licking his lips?
					
					
							Edited by uryu ishida, 14 June 2011 - 06:34 PM.
355	Aoife	2011-06-14	I think he's just praying. I don't think it's meant to be understood by anybody, but it's speech and not just licking his lips. It nicely mirrors Will's prayers in episode 1, though we heard more of those than we did of Ned's.
356	The Ranger	2011-06-14	It would take more then a lip reader to work out what he's saying look at his position you can barely see his face
357	Robb_	2011-06-14	"Joffrey you stupid little prick I'll be seeing you on the other side"
358	Alys Karstark	2011-06-15	"I, Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell, Warden of the North, Hand of the King, say only one thing to Death: 'Not to' ---" *snick*
He could have survived if he followed Robert's example of using "Titles... Titles..."
359	tarantella	2011-06-15	How is a thread titled "Ned's Last Words" a no spoilers thread?  Or does it not count if the episode already aired.
360	Ser Pistus	2011-06-15	"I, Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell, Warden of the North, Hand of the King, say only one thing to Death: 'Not to' ---" *snick*He could have survived if he followed Robert's example of using "Titles... Titles..."Epic!
361	Abaddon	2011-06-15	How is a thread titled "Ned's Last Words" a no spoilers thread?  Or does it not count if the episode already aired.As per the rules, an episode aired on the main channel (e.g. not a week ahead on HBOGO) is fair game for commentary without spoiler tags/notification.  So, it doesn't need to be marked as [TV Spoilers], unless it were to spoil a future episode.Still, better to err in this direction, than the other...
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 15 June 2011 - 08:56 AM.
362	Dalan	2011-06-15	He was either saying:
"Oops I guess I shouldnt have waited to tell Jon his mother is actually-" *shhhlupp!*
Or
"my only regret is that I never got to do Roz doggy sty-" *shhhwicck*
Or
"This is the tale, of captain Jack Sparrow-" *shhhliticky splat*
363	Corvinus	2011-06-15	"This is the tale, of captain Jack Sparrow-" *shhhliticky splat*hahaor "life is a box of chocolates and my name is-" *hack*Or maybe "Well at least it's not arrows again."
364	Tobin	2011-06-15	"So strange we should suffer so much over such a little prick--" *shhink!"I love him to bits, but I swear the man have it in his contract that he's required to die in damn near everything he's in, /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  I remember cheering when I saw he was Odysseus in Troy because I knew he'd live for a change.
365	Pink Walder Frey	2011-06-16	Ned's last words:
	Spoiler "Lord Baelish, bring me his head!" 
- What an irony that the traitor kills the headsman of the betrayed, in a way - well, but it's a bit more complicated all the way, because LF betrayed so much for all the deaths, he's more than a double traitor, I think.
And while the whole ending scene was just awesome, did anyone else think the speach of Jack Gleeson was just epic? - I really think he did get really much less praise than he deserved, because just everyone hates his character.
366	Aoife	2011-06-16	Ned's real last words
367	uryu ishida	2011-06-16	Ned's real last wordsI lol'd
368	Godlikebuthumble	2011-06-16	Ned's real last words... OK, Eddard is so badass, he even reanimates long-dead memes. Go Ned!
369	Aoife	2011-06-17	... OK, Eddard is so badass, he even reanimates long-dead memes. Go Ned!What is dead can never die, and all that!
370	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-18	So any idea what he said?
371	Ran	2011-06-18	I'm told that he was starting a prayer, basically. Nothing really meant to be understood.
372	Erodite	2011-07-06	He's telling the viewers his fever dream of the Tower of Joy..
373	Mattyp	2011-07-08	He was actually saying 'the scene in the book wasn't this powerful, score one for visualization!'.
374	estrellas	2011-07-08	"Someone call Lord Beric"?
375	Petyr Middlefinger Baelish	2011-11-18	Sean Bean: Every...FREAKING...time...
376	walter90	2012-03-31	I was just so pissed that Ned was killed. Not knowing anything about the books and watching the first season over two days I was really getting into it, thinking Ned was going to be the hero. What a friggin disappointment!
I'm still going to watch but the joy was diminished somewhat. I'm afraid I'll be witnessing one more attempt to destroy all that is good in the world to replace it with all the worst humanity is capable of.
I hope I'm wrong, and please, no one tell me it's a fantasy realm, that it's not real. I know that but what we dream we sometimes become.
					
					
							Edited by walter90, 31 March 2012 - 03:25 PM.
377	Crown	2012-03-31	I was just so pissed that Ned was killed. Not knowing anything about the books and watching the first season over two days I was really getting into it, thinking Ned was going to be the hero. What a friggin disappointment!I'm still going to watch but the joy was diminished somewhat. I'm afraid I'll be witnessing one more attempt to destroy all that is good in the world to replace it with all the worst humanity is capable of.I hope I'm wrong, and please, no one tell me it's a fantasy realm, that it's not real. I know that but what we dream we sometimes become.A wise lesson: don't get attached to the characters, becomes they come and they go. I know, it's impossible to not get attached.
378	Greywolf2375	2012-04-01	I was just so pissed that Ned was killed. Not knowing anything about the books and watching the first season over two days I was really getting into it, thinking Ned was going to be the hero. What a friggin disappointment!I'm still going to watch but the joy was diminished somewhat. I'm afraid I'll be witnessing one more attempt to destroy all that is good in the world to replace it with all the worst humanity is capable of.I hope I'm wrong, and please, no one tell me it's a fantasy realm, that it's not real. I know that but what we dream we sometimes become.Welcome to Westeros, where life is not a song.  That's not snark, that's just advice.  If you look in the book forums and in the threads from last years series, you will see MANY people commenting about Neds end and how it impacted their readingviewing.
379	walter90	2012-04-01	Welcome to Westeros, where life is not a song.  That's not snark, that's just advice.  If you look in the book forums and in the threads from last years series, you will see MANY people commenting about Neds end and how it impacted their readingviewing.Thanks for the welcome. Yes, life is not a song. Was it Sirio that said that? Not sure. Anyway, I still like the show as it is reality in a way. Lord knows in the medievil days many a good man or woman died because they stood in the way of a tyrant or simply at the whim of a tyrant.
380	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-05	a "spell" to warg into another body? COMEON! i can dream /dunce.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunce:' />
					
					
							Edited by Sphinx The Riddle, 05 April 2012 - 08:00 PM.
381	Roose Seal	2012-04-06	"Jon's mother is .." *swish*
382	SansaSeastar	2012-04-30	Ok, since i still haven't read the books i dont know what will happen in the episodes and I almost pulled my hair out of my head when i realised that they where going to behead Ned, he was one of my favorite characters! I hate that spoiled Lannister boy, argh!
383	EddardStarkForever	2012-05-03	I always assumed he was saying the names of his kids. "Robb, Jon, Arya, Bran, Sansa... oh and Rickon."
384	The King of Worms	2012-08-02	I always assumed he was saying the names of his kids. "Robb, Jon, Arya, Bran, Sansa... oh and Rickon."Yeah he's praying to the Old Gods to save protect his kids.
385	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-13	Carrying over from the last thread. Remember, please keep discussion civil and keep it classy. Thank you.
386	modehead	2011-06-13	In other news, this episode set a record low for exposed breasts.
387	End of Disc One	2011-06-13	In other news, this episode set a record low for exposed breasts.Episode 8 had no breasts, but it had a long and heavy manhood.
388	tarantella	2011-06-13	I knew it was coming, but I still got misty at the end.  I seriously got all verklempt.
389	Morrigan	2011-06-13	for her bold'ness and the fact that right away she knew Tysha was a whore explaining that no girl would have sex a few hours after almost being raped.
	Spoiler Except that she, you know, wasn't a whore...? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
I'm still sticking with it being Marillion. He's the first one to get hit in the head with a rock when the hill tribes attack, and I haven't seen him around the Eyrie. Petyr's big scene could still be pulled off without him... Maybe...
	Spoiler How would it work? Someone needs to be framed for Lysa's murder.

					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 13 June 2011 - 03:56 PM.
390	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	Sorry greguh, I dont know how to quote from a different thread  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> 
But anyways. Pureism or not, they changed a character. A main character who affects the plot. This isnt the will-gered switch they pulled at the begining that didnt matter. I dont care when they change details, or when they bring Ros into the story even if she has no purpose in the book. But changing Shae all around because they liked the actor is stupid.  They could have changed somethings, but to change the whole character is dumb IMO. Thats how I feel
391	Maid of Styrner Stuff	2011-06-13	The lack of battle scenes was at first a surprise, but then I  realized that what is primary in this story isn't the battles themselves, but  the results of those battles, just as in RL: who wins, who loses, who cares,  literally.The battle with Jorah and the Blood Rider made up for any lost excitement, a lesson in the merit of different fighting techniques.   And, in retrospect, I was very pleased to find more excellent  character scenes, some added that were an improvement over what could have been used from the books, i.e. Tyrion's back story.   Walder Frey is perfectly insufferable, worth his weight in offal. Just loved him!Overall, I was riveted and wrung out from this episode, more so than with any of the other excellent eps, more so than I expected to be from Ned's death. After my third viewing, I still had tears streaming down my face at the incredible end.  I loved the way Ned searched for his girls in the throng, and  finding that small figure looking out of place between the legs of the  statue, tried to take care of Arya with his last desperate word to Yoren. It was a nifty twist on the book, well written IMHO. One of the best departures from the source material, one of the most poignant moments in a heartbreaking  scene.	Shae is a wonder. She is a gorgeous, independent whore (an  oxymoron?) with more to her in this telling than in the books. I never liked the unctuous, fawning Shae from the book. Always pitied Tyrion for his gullibility to her pander. But I will watch fascinated by this interesting, intelligent,  many-faceted woman who brooks no doubt as to why any man would fall victim to her wiles and will. This Shae appears to be an arresting diversion from the whore in the book. I am already sorry for her greedy betrayal.  I missed the wolves, and I miss Mormont's raven. But I  understand that animals can wreck havoc on filming, especially this closely planned production with so many characters, so many locations and sets, and the brutal Irish weather to confound it all. Under the circumstances, with everything  D&D had to contend with, this is a champion production, a phenomenal  success! And this episode just adds to that edification.  So I gush my appreciation to HBO, D&D, and of course to my idol,  Mr. Martin for these delights. They add so much to my little life.
392	Timekeeper	2011-06-13	I'll fully admit that I shed tears when Ned got snicker-snacked at the end. Even knowing for ten years that it'd happen, it's chillingly done in the visual medium. The director and sound engineer working on the final scene blew me away.
Also: no Tower of Joy? What the hay, D&D? I know you're in the know, and will continue to tease us about it like GRRM does.
393	Joanna vander Poele	2011-06-13	Ned /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> This is so much worse than reading the book; it's like a punch in the gut. 
Tyrion left out the last part about Tysha. Wonder if it'll come up again sometime.
My baby Stark girls /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> The last episode can't come soon enough.
394	theMountainGoat	2011-06-13	The first episode I would rate a 10. Perfect.
Minor nitpicks yes, the missing battles, lack of details about Robb's movements and how he captured Jaime, a bizarre change of character for Shae and I don't know what the fuck Rodrik Cassell is doing with the army when he should be at Winterfell.
But for once I don't care because everything else was just so brilliant. Dany's scenes were great, Maester Aemon finally sounded like Maester Aemon, Ned shouting "Baelor" to Yoren was a great addition and that final scene was every bit as moving and emotional as it needed to be.
They did it, they really fucking did it. Kudos to HBO and everyone involved for pulling this off. Thank you.
I just hope Larry Williams recovers before next week, man he was so gutted. I imagine there are thousands of others n00bs out there feeling the same way and now I go to feast on their tears because we've all been there before. Oh Ned.
395	tarantella	2011-06-13	I loved the way Ned searched for his girls in the throng, and  finding that small figure looking out of place between the legs of the  statue, tried to take care of Arya with his last desperate word to Yoren.I just now caught what Ned said to Yoren, and suddenly the title of the episode makes a lot more sense.
396	Ran	2011-06-13	Larry added a P.S. that he is not in fact going to quit the show. So that's good.
397	Starkess	2011-06-13	What do you mean, "Tyrion does't pay his gold for Tysha"?? Do you mean, Peter Dinklage omitted the part of the story where Tyrion also gives Tysha, a piece of SILVER to add insult to injury?? I meant what I wrote: Tyrion doesn't pay his GOLD for Tysha.AGOT, Page 458"Lord Tywin had me go last," he said in a quiet voice. "And he gave me a gold coin to pay her, because I was a Lannister, and worth more."
398	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-13	This was my favorite episode so far.  There were several chill-inducing moments.  Varys and Ned.  Aemon and Jon.  Dany trying to save her sun-and-stars.  Robb's speech after Whispering Wood.  And, of course, the climactic scene that we've all been waiting for.  The punch in the gut, tear-jerking, knock you to your knees visual:
Arya killing a pigeon.  
Ummm, I mean, Ned's execution.  Yeah.  In seriousness, that scene was incredible.  It was a bit confusing as to who Yoren was (for non-readers), given that we hadn't seen him in several episodes, and then only for a few minutes here and there.  But that little addition of "Baelor" was perfect, and made a ton of sense.  And then Arya standing there with her face buried in Yoren's mail shirt as her father is beheaded...I'm almost tearing up just writing about it.
Other comments:
- Bronn is awesome
- The Dothraki scenes were very good.
- I was finally sold on the Aemon's portrayal.  His speech to Jon was fantastic.
- Jorah is great, but slightly over-acted.
To address some common gripes:
- The Green Fork. I'm okay with Tyrion being unconscious the whole battle.  His fighting ability in the books strained believability at times.  I thought this adaptation was fine, and I didn't miss poorly done CGI or cheaply done extra work to wedge a battle scene into an already strained budget.
- The Whispering Wood.  This I thought could have been done a bit better.  I think people have a legitimate beef with the way Jaime has been portrayed.  There isn't a sense of his swordsmanship, and we may never get it now.  Plus it was a bit confusing to see him simply dumped on the ground after they rode back up the hill.  We also didn't get any lead-up to the battle.  As I said above, I'm okay with them cutting out large scale battle scenes, but I wanted SOMETHING else to convey the tension of this event.  This was my only real problem with the episode, and I didnÂ<U+0092>t even notice it at the time.  Which is a testament to the power of both Robb and Catelyn on screen.  They were just good earlier in the season, but the last two episodes theyÂ<U+0092>ve both been fantastic.  Robb especially.
- No Tower of Joy.  To be honest, I didn't even know it was CALLED the Tower of Joy until I started reading comments here.  And even then I had no idea what people were talking about until I re-read the series recently.  GRRM obviously has a reason for it, but that reason isn't remotely clear at this point.  Viewers would be completely lost.  I have faith that they'll figure out how to move the plot forward by either including this later or by replacing it with something else.  I just don't think they felt that ToJ would make sense in that context, and I have to agree with them.
- Changes to Shae.  I don't care.  She was a whore in the books whose only purposes were to create a "love interest" for Tyrion and then to betray him later.  There isn't anything to suggest that they couldn't accomplish that with this version of Shae.  Give her a chance.
399	thorny throne	2011-06-13	Just watched. Oh hell, Ned. 
A part of me wanted Yoren not to stop Arya, had she intefered, would they really murder a 10 years old at the presence of the crowd? Or would that have given them enough time to knock some sense into their boy king?
And Hell, Rob. He's growing on me in a way he never did in the book, thank god the red wedding is two seasons away.
Great episode, didn't mind the drinking game, the only thing I didn't care for was Dany's scenes - you don't really get the sense of how she was betrayed by Mirri, you kinda feel like she should have known what she meant.
And Jorah, you idiot! Why take her into the tent?!
400	So1ar	2011-06-13	when everyone gathered around jon and was chanting "sword! sword! sword!" i was waiting for pyp to say "wow! a nimbus 2000!"Larry added a P.S. that he is not in fact going to quit the show. So that's good.true, but he also said,"if drogo dies i am officially done". so...about that
401	laughing tree knight	2011-06-13	You know who NEW SHAE reminds me of.... A FUTURE VERSION of ARYA.  
I'm not saying she is.
but if everything she said was truth in the episode, then they are very similar.  she says she noble born. she wanted a different life, i say that cause she didn't make tyrion drink until he said she was low born. She got very angry when he insulted her parents and threatened to cut out his eyes.  
now Ross is playing the part of traditional Shae, and the reason she was added; they needed another whore, it's  simple and it's not for more sex. the sex allows for characters to give exposition that they normally wouldnt tell anyone else. like Little finger did to Ross.
So who is NEW SHAE going to be?  
my point with comparing her to a future Arya is simple, could she be a faceless man spy???
just  a thought.  we can allways replace the latter Shae scenes at KL with ROSS
					
					
							Edited by laughing tree knight, 13 June 2011 - 05:37 PM.
402	tarantella	2011-06-13	true, but he also said,"if drogo dies i am officially done". so...about thatYeah, but at least MMD had a much much more justifiable reason for killing Drogo than Joffrey had for killing Ned.  or hopefully he sees "he killed/enslaved my entire village and almost raped all of us" as a better reason for killing someone than "I'm a capricious little shit who likes to kill people because it makes me feel good".  Maybe he'll stay on for the next season.
403	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	I think people who are pissed at Ned dying...and will be pissed that Drogo dies...will only stick around based on how bad ass Robb looks (which will make them really hate things down the line) and how bad ass Dany looks. I mean, she has to look awesome. I am hoping money was spared on battle scenes so that Dany's final scenes look perfect.
404	Lord Varys	2011-06-13	Well, I'm really irritated about the changed Targaryen family tree, but I realize that this is really stupid nerdiness, but still, I can't help myself.I guess they could make both Duncan and Jaehaerys II older brothers of Aerys II, if the Summerhall thing is going to become as important that they have to address it in the series in a future season. But still, it feels so wrong to imagine Aerys as a son of Egg.And I really start to hate this tendency of cutting of bits and details which could have been easily stayed in- lines of the oath of the Night's Watch- the full Drogo-Dany-deflowering-scene- the Rhoynar in the styling of the King- the end of the Tysha storyThe Kekilli-Shae is working really well in my opinion. You can easily fall in love with this woman. And the way they established Tyrion's character with the whole Ros thing, it has to be an exceptional woman he falls in love, as he obviously has a lot of experience with beautiful whores. And, more importantly, he has not such a huge issue with his ugliness in the series, because Peter Dinklage is only a dwarf, not ugly.So they have to play the Tyrion-Shae-story a little bit differently, I think, and I really see the potential for greater tragedy here than is in the books.I can see this Shae growing fond of Tyrion, I can even see her falling in love with him as well, and this would make way for real conflict - when Tyrion's wants to send her to the kitchens, and makes her Lolly's maid, and for great drama in the end when she is really forced to accuse him during the trial, and is forced to share the bed with Tywin afterwards.Leaving out the ending of the Tysha story is just stupid. I don't see a reason why they would do this. The end is the real perverse cruelty, and the climax of this story.
405	howland_reed	2011-06-13	Response to some complaints:Regarding Shae - Let's not overplay her role in the series by calling her a major character.  Her importance in the narrative is solely how her presence affects and changes Tyrion.  As long as that remains essentially unchanged, and Tyrion feels conflicted about whether the affection Shae shows him is genuine or bought, then I could care less about the producer's decision to change Shae from an innocent-seeming, buxom farm-girl to a more mysterious courtesan.  At least the latter character piqued the casual viewer's interest.  Otherwise, they might have thought that she was a "one-night/one-episode" extra to meet HBO's tits-n-ass quota for the episode.Regarding no Tower of Joy - We love this scene as book-readers because of it's significance to the R+L=J theory.  Outside of that however, it serves no purpose to the main plot and will only confuse the fuck out of the television viewer.  I'm more upset actually that we didn't get at least a 'Promise Me' whisper that always haunts Ned, but again, I can't really think of a way to show this without seeming both lame and utterly confusing.  The significance of these flashbacks only pertains to a theory that even in the books has not reached a conclusion.  Just let my namesake reveal Jon's heritage in S5 or 6, whenever Howland Reed makes his appearance, or however GRRM decides to reveal it.Regarding no battle scenes - I don't think showing Tyrion's battle is that big of a deal, and in fact, I liked the transition thematically from getting knocked out beforehand and waking up to the aftermath -- only to learn that this wasn't even the real battle.  Sure, we might have lost some of the badassness of Tyrion whooping some Northmen butt, but we did get his shield-bashing in Episode 5, so it's not like viewers think he's a craven or completely incompetent.However, I do agree that not showing the capture of Jaime was a huge opportunity lost by HBO.  It's a small-enough scale (at least in the books where Robb isn't actually bringing his full host to Jaime), and the epicness of it can be portrayed without the use of hundreds of extras.  Hell, I would've been thrilled just by seeing 20-25 horseriders riding hard through a forest, followed by a more narrow-scoped battle with Jaime cutting down 8-10 bannermen only to finally be taken down.  Cutting from Tywin's line: "Likely with his other 18,000 men" to a scene with Robb and his bannermen riding down on Jaime's encampment would've been a perfect segue.I realize the Battle of Whispering Wood was told off-screen in the book as well, but this was a golden opportunity to take a bit of creative license and show us the fight, rather than tell.
406	Morrigan	2011-06-13	Wonder why Lord Frey wasn't 95 and gouty? And all his daughters were ugly, apparently? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Roslin Frey is supposed to be some sort of babe, so they can't all be ugly. And when Robb apologizes to them before the red wedding, they aren't all homely or anything.
407	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-13	And Jorah, you idiot! Why take her into the tent?!He wasn't there when MMD told Dany that no one must enter the tent once the singing has begun. I hope it's made clear that MMD's magic was screwing up Rhaego before Jorah carried her in there, otherwise it's kinda Jorah's fault, even if it was an accident.
408	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	Larry added a P.S. that he is not in fact going to quit the show. So that's good.He also said that if they kill Drogo he is going to drop it.I doubt it, the guy has 4x more inscriptions and has become somewhat famous here because of GoT. I doubt he wont come back for another season.
409	Lord Varys	2011-06-13	I'm pretty sure they will show us Mirri Maz Duur's desire for vengeance. She poisoned Drogo and killed Rhaego with her spell, that's the whole point of her character. She would not end up on the pyre, if this were just two accidents ;-).
410	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	- No Tower of Joy.  To be honest, I didn't even know it was CALLED the Tower of Joy until I started reading comments here.  And even then I had no idea what people were talking about until I re-read the series recently.  GRRM obviously has a reason for it, but that reason isn't remotely clear at this point.  Viewers would be completely lost.  I have faith that they'll figure out how to move the plot forward by either including this later or by replacing it with something else.  I just don't think they felt that ToJ would make sense in that context, and I have to agree with them.The reason why I like ToJ, and I think many people agree, is that its one of the few parts of the story that does sound epic. Not only you have Ned and Howland Reed but also three knights of the kingsguard who are suposed to be awesome. They are suposed to be the last breed of true knights. Even in memory, ToJ is the most epic part of all the books.
411	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	I think people who are pissed at Ned dying...and will be pissed that Drogo dies...will only stick around based on how bad ass Robb looks (which will make them really hate things down the line) and how bad ass Dany looks. I mean, she has to look awesome. I am hoping money was spared on battle scenes so that Dany's final scenes look perfect.And how awesome the dragons look. If its bad CG I guess many people will just drop it.
412	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-13	Wonder why Lord Frey wasn't 95 and gouty? And all his daughters were ugly, apparently? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Roslin Frey is supposed to be some sort of babe, so they can't all be ugly. And when Robb apologizes to them before the red wedding, they aren't all homely or anything.I took this as a moment of comic relief.  I was certainly amused, especially by Theon's expression.  Maybe Roslin is the one that Catelyn was referring to?I know that some have commented that Robb's response to Catelyn's marriage arrangement in the show seemed immature compared to the books, but...isn't that just as realistic for a boy trying to grow up all at once and become a man?  And it's not like that reaction is totally out of character for him in the books either.  You could argue that the Red Wedding was a result of his immaturity regarding women.  He allowed himself to be "comforted" by Jeyne, which started the whole messed up chain of events that culminated in the worst party ever.
413	RSasoiaf	2011-06-13	Also my response to some complaints /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
But i must had 1st that i love the show!!!! i often come here just to complain....but that is who i am /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> itÂ´s not so much fun to discuss when we all agree it was great and we loved it /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> 
- Stark Strategy leaving behind 2.000 men:
This is odd....it gets away from the book and is a bit odd. 2.000 men would be really suicidal like they say in the series (at least they admit). That being said, what stops Tywin from sending some marauding force up north? We know he can get a cross at the Twins if he really wants to. Now if he just finished these 2.000 suicidal men....he can just go North and force Robb to turn tail. The strategic reason why Robb left most of his men to "harass" Tywin is because they have to be able to survive an keep being a problem....else Tywin will be free to do whatever he wants. Also, the remnants of this bigger force will be missed when the time comes for them to show up at Harrenhall. Also, Robb doesnÂ´t need the major part of his force to defeat Jamie....that was really the trick....that he could move a small force fast enough to surprise Jaime.
- Tyrion not fighting the battle:
I actually have no problem with Tyrion not fighting it. Fine for me, that is something i can live with. Now what kind of made me facepalm was how he was made to miss the fight.....lets see
1. Tyrion gets out of his tent in full armor....has some traffic problems with some people riding crazy inside camp. Somehow the Lannister camp is loosing its order if a Lannister is in perill of being trampled by some crazy riders...it was the 1st sign of things to come.
2. Tyriom tries to do is share of motivation to his men. Astonishing enough he appears to be succesfull and with a little help from Shaga they are all screaming "Halfman"
3. Then suddenly, with no orders, they just rush forward and literally run over the same commander they were chearing up a second earlier......aaaaahhh now this was stupid in all possible ways. No one told them to charge, they are still inside camp and as far as we know the enemy is not even in sight.....and you dont run over your commanding officer, even if he happens to be a dwarf. 
In all honesty....it looked like a cheap comedy movie momment....i was just expecting Bron or Shaga to look back and say "uuuuppppssss". 
Also...something they never explain is how the hell Tyrion got all that blood on top of him if he never even left camp....and no one missed him right?
So for me the problem with the "Non Battles" was not so much how they were not shown, but what we did get instead, which i think lacked a lot on the epic scale of things. 
For instance, for Tyrion i would have him marching is men forward in more or less good order to the sound of some nice music. And then to as they please with the "non battle".
For Robb you have to review is strategy and at least tell us what the hell is going on and why is Cat waitting anxiously. No...itÂ´s not enough to know he is somewhere out with most of his men....we have no idea where he went....he could well be ridding straight to Kings Landing to try and save Nedd, or whatever for what we know. Same thing goes for Jaime....how the hell did he get himself arrested? We need to know!!!! Last time i think he had 30.000 man which still outnumbered Robb. We were also told Jaime was doing well and proving a good commander. So What???? A wizard did it!
414	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	I took this as a moment of comic relief.  I was certainly amused, especially by Theon's expression.  Maybe Roslin is the one that Catelyn was referring to?I know that some have commented that Robb's response to Catelyn's marriage arrangement in the show seemed immature compared to the books, but...isn't that just as realistic for a boy trying to grow up all at once and become a man?  And it's not like that reaction is totally out of character for him in the books either.  You could argue that the Red Wedding was a result of his immaturity regarding women.  He allowed himself to be "comforted" by Jeyne, which started the whole messed up chain of events that culminated in the worst party ever.Wasn't his reaction verbatim from the books?
415	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-13	The reason why I like ToJ, and I think many people agree, is that its one of the few parts of the story that does sound epic. Not only you have Ned and Howland Reed but also three knights of the kingsguard who are suposed to be awesome. They are suposed to be the last breed of true knights. Even in memory, ToJ is the most epic part of all the books.I see where you're coming from (and many others, apparently), but I definitely didn't get that same sense of epicness from that scene.  I think it was partially because the event itself isn't described in great detail (which seems to have some signficance), but it's also because it hasn't had much effect on the actual story to this point.  Obviously it affected Ned, but he's dead now.This also explains my lack of patience for the Dany chapters in the book.  They have, up through book four, had next to zero impact on the rest of the story and the rest of the characters.  I'm positive that all of this (ToJ, Dany, etc.) will pay off in the end, but for now it's just kind of there and so not really of great interest to me.  I understand your point of view though.  In some ways I'm sad we don't get any Arthur Dayne.  The Sword of the Morning is such a sweet name.
416	VarysTheSpider	2011-06-13	The folks who make the Game of Thrones parody videos are going to have a lot of fun with Shae.
Tyrion: nice accent, where are you from?
Shae: that is a mystery.
Tyrion: oh...who were your parents?
Shae: that is also a mystery.
Bronn: why the fuck were you cast?
Shae: that is a mystery, too.
417	Lord of Oop North	2011-06-13	The reason why I like ToJ, and I think many people agree, is that its one of the few parts of the story that does sound epic. Not only you have Ned and Howland Reed but also three knights of the kingsguard who are suposed to be awesome. They are suposed to be the last breed of true knights. Even in memory, ToJ is the most epic part of all the books.I love the scene as well, and would love to see it on screen, but let's get real. The Tower of Joy dream has had zero importance in the novels. People love to act like R+L = J is some crucial plot point, essential to the series, but really, it's not (so far, at least). If the novels were completed, and this HBO series was being plotted all in advance (ala a Babylon 5 type of telenovella), then I could see how it would fit in, but as is, it would be confusing and a waste of screentime.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Oop North, 13 June 2011 - 07:46 PM.
418	kairparavel	2011-06-13	So, I have a lot of time to spend thinking about whatever while I'm driving to and from work, and this hit me tonight on the way home:(Yeah, yeah, I'm late to the party and all, but it never really stood out to me til I saw it on screen.)We start off with Ned, Ice and a man about to be executed. Jon tells Bran not to look away.We end (more or less) with Ned, Ice and a man about to be executed. Yoren tells Arya to look away.Note to Joffrey - the  man who passes the sentence must swing the sword
419	Axon	2011-06-13	Note to Joffrey - the  man who passes the sentence must swing the swordI've got a pie for that kid.
420	CryFenril	2011-06-13	Camps I am in: Ned yelling "Baelor" at Yoren not only explains how Yoren managed to spot a squirrely little girl in a seething crowd, but also reiterates that he is only relinquishing his honor to save his children. Plus it makes the title make sense at last. Tyrion got bashed with a hammer and stepped on by a seething horde of tribesmen. Yowch. That'll leave some bruises, and it saves the expense of a big battle scene when there's so much more to focus on. There's enough story about what's going on that we don't NEED to see it. Varys. Oh wow, man. You're more interesting in person! And that's saying something! Bronn continues to impress. Cersei's horrified reaction at Joffrey's decision is perfect. We know, from Tywin's later comments about it, that this was an unpleasant surprise to her as much as to anyone. And oh, Bean couldn't have done it better. Those eyes... that look... they nailed it. Well and truly. Camps I am NOT in: Shae doesn't work for me. Too old, too intelligent, too aggressive. Not the wicked little sexpot I was expecting - all throughout the books, she is in turn whiny, quizzical, dunderheaded, and nymphomaniacal. The Shae we are given here would know EXACTLY what Varys is saying when Tyrion meets them in the alehouse - and would tear him to pieces for it, verbally if nothing else. Wow, THAT was a short list!
421	Alexia	2011-06-13	In the minor character department:I don't like Shae, sorry.  I "liked" the Shae from the books, she struck me as a relatively realistic portrait of a sex worker with a fair bit of trauma in her backstory.  This is a completely different character and while I have no issue with the actress, I don't care for how the writers/directors have chosen to adapt/depict her.On the other hand, I love Walder Frey.  All I hoped for and then some; I spent most of his scene with Catelyn laughing.  What a disgusting old man...but I think he may replace Viserys now that he's gone.  "Her honey's all mine." *shudders*  Too bad he wasn't 90, just to drive it home a little more, but this guy was delightful.  Upwards and onwards...Ned.  Oh, Ned.  I admit it, I shed a couple tears for him.  I don't like TV-Ned any better than Book-Ned, I found myself wanting to beat him all over again.  But still, what a wretched way to die - confess to a pack of lies in public in front of your beloved daughters to save their lives and then ignominiously beheaded on the steps of a temple.  I liked what they did where they whited out the noise of the crowd but Ned could hear Sansa's screams in the background.  I also liked that Ned saw Arya - his last thoughts were about saving his daughters.  I also like the kid playing Joffrey; he's doing a pretty good job and probably having a ton of fun with it too.  How often do you get to prattle about the weak hearts of women and order aristocrats beheaded?Sean Bean... /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />  /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' /> As a final comment, I thought it was funny that Tyrion got trampled by his savages.  Yes, it was low comedy - but an episode that involves the beheading of Lord Stark needs a little low comedy.  I also have no objection to the loss of the battles; I never really got into the story because of the battle and I generally cover my eyes for a lot of the fighting anyway (spear through poor Jory's eye, that Dothraki's tongue getting pulled out) so I'm perfectly happy to skip it in favor of something more interesting (to me).
					
					
							Edited by Alexia, 13 June 2011 - 08:34 PM.
422	Starkess	2011-06-13	He wasn't there when MMD told Dany that no one must enter the tent once the singing has begun. I hope it's made clear that MMD's magic was screwing up Rhaego before Jorah carried her in there, otherwise it's kinda Jorah's fault, even if it was an accident.That is what happens in the books, though.From AGOT, page 756-7:"My son was alive and strong when Ser Jorah carried me into this tent," she said. "I could feel him kicking, fighting to be born."...Ser Jorah had killed her son, Dany knew. He had done what he did for love and loyalty, yet he had carried her into a place no living man should go and fed her baby to the darkness. He knew it too; the grey face, the hollow eyes, the limp.MMD clearly had some sort of vengeance planned, but I don't know if she specifically meant to take Rhaego before Dany entered the tent. Maybe not right then?I took this as a moment of comic relief.  I was certainly amused, especially by Theon's expression.  Maybe Roslin is the one that Catelyn was referring to?I know that some have commented that Robb's response to Catelyn's marriage arrangement in the show seemed immature compared to the books, but...isn't that just as realistic for a boy trying to grow up all at once and become a man?  And it's not like that reaction is totally out of character for him in the books either.  You could argue that the Red Wedding was a result of his immaturity regarding women.  He allowed himself to be "comforted" by Jeyne, which started the whole messed up chain of events that culminated in the worst party ever.Yeah that didn't bother me very much. It's very normal for him to have a hesitance, but the fact that matters is that he acquiesces. He is willing to do his duty (for now...damn you, Jeyne!!!), even knowing it won't be pleasant.As far as them all being ugly--I figured that was for comic relief, and it's always possible that not every daughter was in the hall.
423	Huan	2011-06-13	Camps I am in: Ned yelling "Baelor" at Yoren not only explains how Yoren managed to spot a squirrely little girl in a seething crowd, but also reiterates that he is only relinquishing his honor to save his children. Plus it makes the title make sense at last. I've been wondering whether non-readers would understand that "Baelor" referred to the statue. I don't remember Baelor being mentioned in previous scenes or episodes. Somebody please correct me if I'm wrong! /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' />
424	Screaming Turkey Reborn	2011-06-13	My heart was beating crazily during the moments leading up to Ned's death even though I've read the books. I was physically shaken when the sword was swung. 
My brother, who has not read the books, was watching it with me and raged afterwards, storming through the house and yelling that he's not going to watch the show anymore. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> These reactions amuse me to no end.
425	pleonasm	2011-06-13	As well as they handled Ned's execution, it was very well put together, maybe the best editing since the pilot, not showing a single sequence from the Whispering Woods is inexcusable.
You have a fight sequence with three of your leads (Rob, Theon, and Jamie) that doesn't require CGI or even a huge budget. No horses. Simply a wooded settting. A dozen bodies scattered about. A dozen stuntmen in combat. Rob in a fierce fight looking over tentatively as Jamies cuts through three or four men on his way to Rob. Greyjoy killing a few men with his bow. Then a confrontation between Rob and two Karstarks vs. Jamie. Jamie gets subdued after losing his blade in one of Rob's men. Rob then standing over Jamie with Theon and his wolf at his side. All of them bloodied, exhausted, and amazed they are still alive.
The scene would have payed off in spades. It could have shown Theon's loyalty which makes his betrayl next season even more dramatic. Jamie combat prowess and warped sense of honor - who has been sadly off screen for almost three full episodes and most importantly it sets up Rob as Ned's worthly successor.
For producers, what a missed opportunity.
426	kairparavel	2011-06-13	After a rewatch it does not get any better.
In a bizarre way I guess I am glad viewers are raging and have been able to connect with the show as readers have to the books. I never really thought ten hours would be enough for the average viewer to really care.
427	Vuron	2011-06-13	That is what happens in the books, though.From AGOT, page 756-7:"My son was alive and strong when Ser Jorah carried me into this tent," she said. "I could feel him kicking, fighting to be born."...Ser Jorah had killed her son, Dany knew. He had done what he did for love and loyalty, yet he had carried her into a place no living man should go and fed her baby to the darkness. He knew it too; the grey face, the hollow eyes, the limp.I'm confused.  Was there ever any question that this was Jorah's fault?  I've read it a few times and never thought that MMD intentionally hurt Dany or the child.  I thought that she was only after Drogo.MMD clearly warns Dany not to come into the tent.
					
					
							Edited by Vuron, 13 June 2011 - 09:44 PM.
428	Maid of Styrner Stuff	2011-06-13	The new episode opener with the Twins towers thrusting up onto  the map of Westeros was such a trip to see! I read that there were 4 different  openers made to be used in correlation with the episode locations for this  season.  Many viewers, impatient for the meat of the story to be  served, might have missed these swiftly passing peaks, a new  steampunk edifice on the map. It is just that small but  exquisite attention to detail that gobsmacks me as I watch this series unfurl.  	Creativity on this level appears to be standard for D&D.  It couldn't have been done better.	Re: Ned's death Â<U+0096> from what Sean Bean has indicated, he'd  druther be a free spirit as an actor, and likely would have turned down an offer  of a role that could possibly last more than one season. He's been there and  done that. Momoa, too. Fantastic one season parts with heroic endings. Very  appealing.
429	LadyT	2011-06-13	I'm confused.  Was there ever any question that this was Jorah's fault?  I've read it a few times and never thought that MMD intentionally hurt Dany or the child.  I thought that she was only after Drogo.MMD clearly warns Dany not to come into the tent."I thought you meant the horse," Dany says.And MMD replies, " No.  That was  a lie you told yourself.". And later: " The  stallion who mounts the world will burn no cities now."On screen, she gets a subtle gleam of triumph when Dany tells her to go for it.  If she didn't 't mean to harm the child, whose death did she have in mind? Dany doesn't  have quite as cruel a fall in the book either, but the child begins to kick as soon as the magic begins.I've always wondered about this, what MMDs precise intentions were besides hurting the Khal.  Creating a living dead Drogo and taking out his son seems like quite a triumph.Jorah goofed, yes.  But who would have died had he not carried her into the tent?
430	Grack21	2011-06-13	"I thought you meant the horse," Dany says.And MMD replies, " No.  That was  a lie you told yourself.". And later: " The  stallion who mounts the world will burn no cities now."On screen, she gets a subtle gleam of triumph when Dany tells her to go for it.  If she didn't 't mean to harm the child, whose death did she have in mind? Dany doesn't  have quite as cruel a fall in the book either, but the child begins to kick as soon as the magic begins.I've always wondered about this, what MMDs precise intentions were besides hurting the Khal.  Creating a living dead Drogo and taking out his son seems like quite a triumph.Jorah goofed, yes.  But who would have died had he not carried her into the tent? She clearly looks RIGHT AT dannys belly when she's talking about the sacrifice. All four of us watching noticed it.
431	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	I think the fact that Dany can hear the sounds in the tent and no one else, shows that MMD meant for this to happen. If not, she wouldn't have heard the noises.
432	snowzombie	2011-06-13	He wasn't there when MMD told Dany that no one must enter the tent once the singing has begun. I hope it's made clear that MMD's magic was screwing up Rhaego before Jorah carried her in there, otherwise it's kinda Jorah's fault, even if it was an accident.Good point! And in the book when Dany tries to reproach her, MMD says something like "you knew, you just chose not to think about it". In the HBO behind the episodes video, the writers talked about establishing a narrative arc of Dany's understanding of slavery. I imagine this is going to serve as a major pivot point in that story.
433	Vuron	2011-06-13	I saw MMD look at Dany's belly, too.  It was one of things that really made me question what I had read.
From my readings, I always assumed that the horse was the death for Drogo's life.  I guess that I assumed I knew how blood magic worked and that MMD couldn't sacrifice the child if Dany wasn't in the tent because that's where all the magic was happening.
MMD did warn Dany not to enter the tent.  So, what does everyone think would have happened had Jorah NOT carried Dany in the tent.
I have no idea at this point.
ETA:  Didn't this scene originally happen at night?  I really missed the shadows dancing around the tent and thought that would have been great to see from outside.
					
					
							Edited by Vuron, 13 June 2011 - 11:22 PM.
434	Xanderpanda	2011-06-13	I saw MMD look at Dany's belly, too.  It was one of things that really made me question what I had read.From my readings, I always assumed that the horse was the death for Drogo's life.  I guess that I assumed I knew how blood magic worked and that MMD couldn't sacrifice the child if Dany wasn't in the tent because that's where all the magic was happening.MMD did warn Dany not to enter the tent.  So, what does everyone think would have happened had Jorah NOT carried Dany in the tent.I have no idea at this point.ETA:  Didn't this scene originally happen at night?  I really missed the shadows dancing around the tent and thought that would have been great to see from outside.Yeah IIRC it was night time and Dany saw the demonlike shadows dancing around.
435	laughing tree knight	2011-06-13	[quote name='howland_reed' timestamp='1308006651' post='2519506']Response to some complaints:Regarding no Tower of Joy - We love this scene as book-readers because of it's significance to the R+L=J theory.  Outside of that however, it serves no purpose to the main plot and will only confuse the fuck out of the television viewer.  I'm more upset actually that we didn't get at least a 'Promise Me' whisper that always haunts Ned, but again, I can't really think of a way to show this without seeming both lame and utterly confusing.  The significance of these flashbacks only pertains to a theory that even in the books has not reached a conclusion.  Just let my namesake reveal Jon's heritage in S5 or 6, whenever Howland Reed makes his appearance, or however GRRM decides to reveal it.I thought the TOJ wouldnt be shown but instead eventually told from Howland reed. we don't know this yet but it's suspected.  however I agree it would have been awesome. i mean the last of the greatest knights against Ned and Howland. and the of course question if rhagar is dead and aerys still sits the throne why are three of the kings guard at the TOJ guarding Lyanna. because R+L=JI wonder if we might get to see bran and Rickon's dream talk with Ned when he tries to explain a message to Jon
					
					
							Edited by laughing tree knight, 13 June 2011 - 11:28 PM.
436	laughing tree knight	2011-06-13	"I thought you meant the horse," Dany says.And MMD replies, " No.  That was  a lie you told yourself.". And later: " The  stallion who mounts the world will burn no cities now."On screen, she gets a subtle gleam of triumph when Dany tells her to go for it.  If she didn't 't mean to harm the child, whose death did she have in mind? Dany doesn't  have quite as cruel a fall in the book either, but the child begins to kick as soon as the magic begins.I've always wondered about this, what MMDs precise intentions were besides hurting the Khal.  Creating a living dead Drogo and taking out his son seems like quite a triumph.Jorah goofed, yes.  But who would have died had he not carried her into the tent?based on the way the scene played in the episode I wonder if the child was always going to be the price paid. not only does she look at the child, but she says to leave before the singing begins. Dany doesn't in face she gets sprayed with the blood of the ritual. what if that is no accident. but the blood from the horse  sacrifice marks Dany for the spell and all that happens outside of the tent is because she has agreed to pay the price. we know the MMD didn't want the stalion to mount the world. all one flock my ass
437	A Time for Wolves	2011-06-13	what if that is no accident. but the blood from the horse  sacrifice marks Dany for the spell and all that happens outside of the tent is because she has agreed to pay the price. we know the MMD didn't want the stalion to mount the world. all one flock my assOh! I never thought of that. You could be right, because even on the re-read, I thought it was ridiculously dumb to enter that tent again.By the way I hated seeing Drogo's mount die, it was such an excellent piece of horseflesh. What a waste of a beautiful specimen.
438	Asarlai	2011-06-14	all one flock my assWell, she thought she was saving future generations. Which she was, if the prophecy was true. Not that killing a baby for that reason is okay; killing Drogo is more in line with stopping the monster.
439	Xanderpanda	2011-06-14	Well, she thought she was saving future generations. Which she was, if the prophecy was true. Not that killing a baby for that reason is okay; killing Drogo is more in line with stopping the monster.Agreed her reasoning is pretty sound. I mean she did just see her whole village get destroyed and her people killed, captured and raped. If she has a chance to take out the person responsible and the son of said person who is prophesied to mount/rape the world then its understandable she took it. Book Dany seemed so taken a back too as if saving her would make it all better which really show cased a lot of her naivete earlier in the series.
440	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-14	Agreed her reasoning is pretty sound. I mean she did just see her whole village get destroyed and her people killed, captured and raped. If she has a chance to take out the person responsible and the son of said person who is prophesied to mount/rape the world then its understandable she took it. Book Dany seemed so taken a back too as if saving her would make it all better which really show cased a lot of her naivete earlier in the series.Very true.  On my first reading, I think my reaction was something akin to "That bitch!  She SAVED you, and this is how you repay her?!"  But I'm currently rereading the series in preparation for Dance, and MMD's actions came across as pretty justifiable to me, especially when you take that "stallion who mounts the world" prophecy into account.  I still felt bad for Dany, but I also saw MMD in a more positive light.
441	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-14	This was a good episode and definitely an improvement over last week when Martin wrote the script. I like the game Bronn, Tyrion and Shae were playing and how it didn't look like an obvious exposition scene. I also liked the way Catelyn told Robb about the arrangements with Frey and Robb's and Theon's reaction to it. Arya's arc throughout the episode was perfect. And how can I forget Jon and Aemon? That was a very strong performance by the old man.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> 
Like others have said, the battle scenes were in shambles. I can forgive Tyrion being knocked unconscious for the battle, but there was no explanation for who Tywin was facing (he was facing the major part of the Northern force). I liked Catelyn's scene waiting for Robb and the look on her face when she finally saw him but I don't think the viewers understand that this was a completely different battle. Another point was that the Whispering Wood was an important counterweight to Ned's beheading and it just wasn't satisfactory to see Jaime being unceremoniously dumped on the ground. 
Martin's tactic of glossing over battle scenes but concentrating on Cersei's nipples and Brienne's endless walk about the Riverlands may serve well in the books, but in a TV adaptation you can't ignore pitched battles.
442	craster's whore	2011-06-14	thought i should leave this here forward to 4.50 minute mark  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> My link
443	Imp	2011-06-14	I can forgive Tyrion being knocked unconscious for the battle, but there was no explanation for who Tywin was facing (he was facing the major part of the Northern force). I liked Catelyn's scene waiting for Robb and the look on her face when she finally saw him but I don't think the viewers understand that this was a completely different battle.Uh there was a pretty clear explanation given right as Tyrion wakes up. Tywin was facing 2k of Robb's men who were on a suicide mission, and Robb was off fighting Jamie with his other 18k. It's stated outright by Tywin & Robb.Honestly it's been over 5 years since I've read the books so I can't even remember how the battles went down in them. But what happened in the series was pretty obvious, can't see anyone not able to follow unless they weren't paying any attention at all.(tbh not being able to remember the details of the books has helped my enjoyment of the series a huge amount I think /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)
444	evanesco75	2011-06-14	God, Sean Bean. You slayed me. If he doesn't get a pile of awards and a ton of acknowledgment, I'll...
I won't give a rat's stinky arse, because he's just simply that good, recognition or not. 
Having read all books multiple times and GoT a week before the show began, I was still overcome. As many of you have said so eloquently, the absence of surprise didn't compromise the sheer gut-wrenching emotion one bit. I can't even imagine how non-readers must've felt. At least I was prepared. And I agree with the comment that this was one of the rare scenes that improved upon the book. There we were limited by Arya's POV; here, we saw it all. Most painfully, we saw Ned. 
The way he forces his confession, out, the relief on his face when he sees Arya's left the statue, the few seconds of shock he conveys after the sentence.... masterful. So subtle and anguished and just incredible. Sean Bean, we  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> to you. You shall be missed  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> 
And major props to Williams and Turner for playing it so well! Made me sniffle. 
I did miss the battles and I will agree that a shot of Jaime fighting would've been perfect to reinforce his badassery and Robb's triumph. I know they mentioned the 10 men Jaime cut down but showing ain't tellin'! I'm afraid people'll forget the comment, whereas if we'd seen it happen, they'd remember all too well. Oh, well. Minor quibble. 
Robb! Gah! He's a favourite of mine from the books (I'm a Stark fan while also being a Lannister fan; yup, I'm torn!) and I'm loving Madden's portrayal. He's perfect. Just the right amount of guts and agression and anger, tempered by uncertainty and sorrow. And the dynamic between him and Fairley (who is just incredibly commanding and sincere and no-nonsense) is brilliant. I felt that in 8, and I do now. It will make SoS all the more heartbreaking. 
Loved the scene between him and Jaime, the latter so transparent and thankfully, the former so astute. 'Pretty man'. Heh. 
Theon's reaction to the Frey terms=win. Thank God Bran is so damned adorable, or people might have difficulty hating Theon later. 
Shae: I'm neutral thus far. Wait and see, I think. 
Bronn: I am absolutely loving him. His dynamic with Tyrion is lifted straight from the books; the caramaraderie, the jabs, the flashes of insight...and Tyrion remains amazing. He looked so lost and wistful during Tysha, and I enjoyed the fact that while Bronn claimed Shae and he could top Tyrion when it came to horror stories, he succeeded in ultimately shocking them.
Minor quibble 2: I for one didn't like the exclusion of the 'Tywin-gold-Tyrion-Tysha-fuck' part. That's what made the experience so shameful and bitter for Tyrion IMO: his eventual (albeit reluctant) complicity in the sordid affair. Perhaps they'll include it later but if they don't, to me it'll smack of 'toning down the particularly shocking/horrifying character bits to make them more palatable.' Tyrion's a fan favourite in the books and, itr seems, the show (kudos, PD). So showing a less-than-likeable/noble aspect to him is crucial in my eyes. 
Again, no ranting needed though. If they include it, I'll like it. If not, it's cool.  
Walder Frey! Yes! Hello, Filch! SO what if he wasn't 90?? Yeesh! Dude was old, crabby and crafty with a kid for a wife and a hall full of kids. As in, the important parts were all intact. 
Jon Snow makes me   /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> and /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />. He's so angsty and earnest and put-upon! Somehow it's more annoying on screen. That said, I like the actor and I loved the Aemon scene. Gave me chills. 
Last, Dany/Drogo. I've liked Drogo far more in the show; in the books he was a distant, cardboardy sort of figure and a complete plot device, even. Here, he has personality. Clarke did a fantastic job with her grief and fear, and the blood magic was scary as shit. Jorah vs. Bloodrider was spot on. 
Whew! All in all, a great episode. Sad it's nearly done, but excited about ADWD. 
Oh, and a last point: he's got a small role but the actor who plays Maester Luwin is bringing it, yo! I forgot to mention this last time, but I thought his reaction to Robb's order of calling the banners was brilliant: he gauged him, and approved of what he found without a word being spoken. Now that's class! And it's incredibly gratifying to see such great actors for every role too. 
Okay, I'm done fapping.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
445	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-14	Uh there was a pretty clear explanation given right as Tyrion wakes up. Tywin was facing 2k of Robb's men who were on a suicide mission, and Robb was off fighting Jamie with his other 18k. It's stated outright by Tywin & Robb.Honestly it's been over 5 years since I've read the books so I can't even remember how the battles went down in them. But what happened in the series was pretty obvious, can't see anyone not able to follow unless they weren't paying any attention at all.(tbh not being able to remember the details of the books has helped my enjoyment of the series a huge amount I think /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />)Well, no, Tywin was facing Bolton with over 10000 soldiers. Bolton lost but retreated in good order. They skipped over Robb's plan of taking the cavalry to relieve Riverrun which is why defeating Jaime was so important. I don't think that was portrayed in a convincing manner.
446	stannis for king	2011-06-14	loved the episode, thought it was brilliant
but i didnt like how they robbed us of the whispering wood, iirc it was more a skirmish with a few nights as jaime was rather over confident with his siege of riverrun and often went out with his scouts, so numbers shouldnt be a problem with regards to cost..
and in the books i really loved jaimes 'i would offer you my sword, but i seemed to have misplaced it' knowing full well that it was 'misplaced' in one of lord karstark's sons neck.. without seeing that it lost its dark humour and arrogance for me.
i just hope they have saved budget for next weeks episode, a bit worried that dany is going to come out of the fire with spyro, yoshi and godzuki around her!  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' /> 
still though, i am loving this adaptation, its only a opinion on my part
447	tarantella	2011-06-14	The new episode opener with the Twins towers thrusting up onto  the map of Westeros was such a trip to see! I read that there were 4 different  openers made to be used in correlation with the episode locations for this  season.  I can't wait to see Storm's End and Dragonstone on the map.  Next season.  In one year.Damn, how am I going to wait a whole year for season two?
448	Sauron The Small	2011-06-14	As well as they handled Ned's execution, it was very well put together, maybe the best editing since the pilot, not showing a single sequence from the Whispering Woods is inexcusable.You have a fight sequence with three of your leads (Rob, Theon, and Jamie) that doesn't require CGI or even a huge budget. No horses. Simply a wooded settting. A dozen bodies scattered about. A dozen stuntmen in combat. Rob in a fierce fight looking over tentatively as Jamies cuts through three or four men on his way to Rob. Greyjoy killing a few men with his bow. Then a confrontation between Rob and two Karstarks vs. Jamie. Jamie gets subdued after losing his blade in one of Rob's men. Rob then standing over Jamie with Theon and his wolf at his side. All of them bloodied, exhausted, and amazed they are still alive.The scene would have payed off in spades. It could have shown Theon's loyalty which makes his betrayl next season even more dramatic. Jamie combat prowess and warped sense of honor - who has been sadly off screen for almost three full episodes and most importantly it sets up Rob as Ned's worthly successor.For producers, what a missed opportunity.completely and wholeheartedly agree with this one...actually glad they cut out all that spikey helmet nonsenseUnfortunately dreading how they'll handle Blackwater; almost sure we'll never get The Bridge of ships and Tyrion's "Those are brave men. Let's go kill them." line
449	legba11	2011-06-14	On the lack of battles:
I think they were stuck in a tough place with the Tywin/Bolton battle.  Those big epic battles look like crap unless you are making a 100 million dollar movie.
Not to be offensive to anyone, but if they had just showed Tyrion's small part, I think it would have played like a comedy routine.  He's a really small guy, watching him charge into battle is likely not going to come off well.  Next year they will have to figure out how to do something.
The Wispering Woods was a poor decision to stick with the POV.  A short, inexpensive scene would establish the three major characters.  Jaime as the true swordsman of Westeros, Theon as Robb's loyal friend and Robb as the commander who wins with his wits.  It would also make more sense next season when they flashback and show him killing the Karstarks.
On Shae:
Who cares?  Her only purpose in the books is a sounding board for Tyrion to have conversations with when he's not with Bronn.  She does that fine.  Her other job on the show will be to show her tits.  She did that fine.  Her final job on the show will be to make those awful slurping sounds.  We'll see if she can do that.
On Ned's Death:
The show version is preferable to the books for me.  The show actually gives you false hope several ways (Jaime being captured right before makes you wonder if they know in KL) and Arya's visible sword and charge towards the stage adds a huge dimension.  Is she going to somehow make a rescue?  Is it going to be even worse and is Arya going to be killed?  Seeing Cersei and Varys reaction adds a nice touch also.
450	reiver	2011-06-14	On Ned's Death:The show version is preferable to the books for me.  The show actually gives you false hope several ways (Jaime being captured right before makes you wonder if they know in KL) and Arya's visible sword and charge towards the stage adds a huge dimension.  Is she going to somehow make a rescue?  Is it going to be even worse and is Arya going to be killed?  Seeing Cersei and Varys reaction adds a nice touch also.Agreed. The only way it could have been improved is Joffery looking to Littlefinger just before he makes his speech. I'm a big fan of the idea that it was Littlefinger's manipulation of Joff that led to him defying his advisers and a (literal) wee nod to that would have made me very happy.
451	VarysTheSpider	2011-06-14	Agreed. The only way it could have been improved is Joffery looking to Littlefinger just before he makes his speech. I'm a big fan of the idea that it was Littlefinger's manipulation of Joff that led to him defying his advisers and a (literal) wee nod to that would have made me very happy.I think it's the accepted wisdom that it was a few choice words from Littlfinger that influenced Joffrey - IIRC that was Tyrion's suspicion. I was looking out for this during the scene and while there isn't much, there is a shot of Littlefinger smiling quietly while Varys has a few angry words with him.Regarding Ned's death, I wish I could care more about it, but a recent read has reminded me that he's such a frustrating and somewhat unlikable person. He would have brought Stannis to the throne and didn't give two shits about the war with the Lannisters that would result. He calls it honour, I call that an excuse not to think about the real world consequences of his actions.
452	Bahimiron	2011-06-14	But changing Shae all around because they liked the actor is stupid.  They could have changed somethings, but to change the whole character is dumb IMO. Thats how I feelI agree with this. Without the intricate and layered background that GRRM created for the book Shae the TV Shae will be a soulless automoton, incapable of playing her role in the series as whore, lover, maid, traitor and victim. When one realizes what a buttress to the entire series the role of Shae plays, how key a support her existence is to every scene that follows, removing her is like removing the keystone from an ancient bridge and the whole of the epic tale will fall apart around those who continue acting out their hollow part to play, unrealizing the ultimate purposelessness in their own part now that the ground on which their story is built has turned to sinking sand. It is a literal, a literal slap in the face! How can we stand for this? How? Do you not hear the people? Listen and their voices will be made clear. Do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry nerds! It is a music of a fandom that will refuse to go unheard! Barricades here we come, brothers.
					
					
							Edited by Bahimiron, 14 June 2011 - 07:52 AM.
453	Cereal Forel	2011-06-14	I'm torn on this episode. Everything they showed was fantastic, but as a Jaime fan I can't help but feel cheated at missing his one major battle. It sucks even worse because I could have sworn I remember reading somewhere that the directors were so excited to give us the whispering wood battle scene. WTF happened?!It's the same with the brandon stark flashback from the previews before the show started. Where did that go? Our only chance for it now is as a Jaime flashback while he's rotting in Riverrun.
454	Shemy	2011-06-14	I took this as a moment of comic relief.  I was certainly amused, especially by Theon's expression.  Maybe Roslin is the one that Catelyn was referring to?I know that some have commented that Robb's response to Catelyn's marriage arrangement in the show seemed immature compared to the books, but...isn't that just as realistic for a boy trying to grow up all at once and become a man?  And it's not like that reaction is totally out of character for him in the books either.  You could argue that the Red Wedding was a result of his immaturity regarding women.  He allowed himself to be "comforted" by Jeyne, which started the whole messed up chain of events that culminated in the worst party ever.I don't understand why people say that comment was immature. Its a question EVERY person would be asking themselves and I actually find it quite odd he didn't inquire about it in the books. In the show, the very fact he consents after the.....response that Catelyn gives him, shows a much deeper sign of maturity.If anyone on these boards were arranged to be married, in this setting or in westeros, the first question you'd ask if you could (especially if you had a choice in choosing) would be are any good looking on first glance. Say it wouldn't be and I'll call you a liar.
455	valacirca	2011-06-14	There were only two considerably disappointing things for this episode:1) No Whispering Woods2) Drinking game took too longOtherwise, everything else was good to awesome. I'm on the fence regarding Shae, so I'll not call her disappointing yet. Although it seems to me that the actress can't act all that well compared to the rest of the cast.
456	valacirca	2011-06-14	I don't understand why people say that comment was immature. Its a question EVERY person would be asking themselves and I actually find it quite odd he didn't inquire about it in the books. In the show, the very fact he consents after the.....response that Catelyn gives him, shows a much deeper sign of maturity.If anyone on these boards were arranged to be married, in this setting or in westeros, the first question you'd ask if you could (especially if you had a choice in choosing) would be are any good looking on first glance. Say it wouldn't be and I'll call you a liar.I guess it's just that considering the gravity of the situation, it's sort of a trivial and immature thing to consider with all the other shit that's going down everywhere.
457	Bahimiron	2011-06-14	Maybe this means we won't be seeing quite so much whining from Edmure as they head off toward the Twins in s3.
In my own moment of spergitude I was kind of disappointed that Bronn mentioned a Braavosi knife game that could cost a man his fingers when there's a perfectly good reference to the fingers game that could have been dropped in there. Oh wells.
458	rockxwl	2011-06-14	I was thinking that, by omitting the part in Tysha's story where Tyrion was forced to take her and pay her a gold coin, the writers may not be planning on introducing that fact at all.  For purposes of the show that story probably was meant only to serve the purposes of garnering a LOT of sympathy for Tyrion as a character (since we'll be spending a LOT of time with him in S2) and to hammer home just how cold and ruthless Tywin Lannister is.  Some people would take the fact that Tyrion went along with his father's demand (not to mention that his body actually 'responded' after seeing what he had seen) as a showing that Tyrion is not actually a good person.  Many people would probably use that part of the story as a reason to dislike the character instead of feeling sorry for him.  We don't have the luxury of Tyrion's inner monologues to hear him talk about how disgusted he was with himself and how "my body betrayed me."
459	Cereal Forel	2011-06-14	It still kind of works out, because as book readers we know what really happened and can tell he's too disgusted with himself to tell the last part of the story.
I like the new Shae, FWIW.
460	Abaddon	2011-06-14	I agree with this. Without the intricate and layered background that GRRM created for the book Shae the TV Shae will be a soulless automoton, incapable of playing her role in the series as whore, lover, maid, traitor and victim. When one realizes what a buttress to the entire series the role of Shae plays, how key a support her existence is to every scene that follows, removing her is like removing the keystone from an ancient bridge and the whole of the epic tale will fall apart around those who continue acting out their hollow part to play, unrealizing the ultimate purposelessness in their own part now that the ground on which their story is built has turned to sinking sand. It is a literal, a literal slap in the face! How can we stand for this? How? Do you not hear the people? Listen and their voices will be made clear. Do you hear the people sing? Singing the song of angry nerds! It is a music of a fandom that will refuse to go unheard! Barricades here we come, brothers.<slow clap>Well played, sir or ma'am.  Well played.
461	TheEvilKing	2011-06-14	Funny, the Unsullied reviews I've read have been unanimously positive about The Drinking Game. Probably because it's got a) Peter Dinklage to the max /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Bronn being funny and c) we get some important Tyrion backstory. Plus we get a look at this mysterious new whore. Try watching it again without your book-tinted glasses on and enjoy it for what it is.
It does raise one question, though. After hearing what happened to Tyrion's earlier whore, why does Shae stick with him? Is lots and lots of gold worth being gang-raped? Book Shae seems dumber than TV Shae. I can't help feeling TV Shae would GTFO before she gets her mixed up in Lannister family politics. Something bad might happen!
462	iheartseverus	2011-06-14	why does Shae stick with him? Is lots and lots of gold worth being gang-raped?I think because Shae heard and understood that what happened to Tysha happened because she married Tyrion=married into the Lannister family, something Tywin Lannister was never going to tolerate.
463	legba11	2011-06-14	I was thinking that, by omitting the part in Tysha's story where Tyrion was forced to take her and pay her a gold coin, the writers may not be planning on introducing that fact at all.  For purposes of the show that story probably was meant only to serve the purposes of garnering a LOT of sympathy for Tyrion as a character (since we'll be spending a LOT of time with him in S2) and to hammer home just how cold and ruthless Tywin Lannister is.  Some people would take the fact that Tyrion went along with his father's demand (not to mention that his body actually 'responded' after seeing what he had seen) as a showing that Tyrion is not actually a good person.  Many people would probably use that part of the story as a reason to dislike the character instead of feeling sorry for him.  We don't have the luxury of Tyrion's inner monologues to hear him talk about how disgusted he was with himself and how "my body betrayed me."In many ways for seasons 2 and 3 (let's hope), Tyrion is the hero and Tywin is the villain.  It's odd as Tyrion is fighting FOR the clear villains (Tywin, Cersei, Joffery), but he really is the hero, especially after the Red Wedding.  In this regard, I think this is likely true.
464	Leuf	2011-06-14	Earlier people were talking about what Ned could have shouted out, well "Brotherfucker!" would have worked but would have ruined the scene which was perfect.  Though they missed the opportunity earlier in the scene where Mormont tells Jon that he sent Thorne to King's Landing to drop Yoren's name in then to remind the viewer that he exists so he doesn't pop up out of nowhere.
465	Abaddon	2011-06-14	I think because Shae heard and understood that what happened to Tysha happened because she married Tyrion=married into the Lannister family, something Tywin Lannister was never going to tolerate.You mean, like disobeying Tywin's express order that "you will not take that whore to court" that will happen in this next episode?Of course, Shae doesn't know that, yet.  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
466	ryamano	2011-06-14	Regarding Bronn being beyond the Wall: I don't see why many people are shocked about this. Davos has been beyond the Wall as well, when he smuggled. It's basically one of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea's duties to go after smugglers that would sell weapons and armors to the wildlings. Since Bronn is a sellsword and the last ten years have been of peace in Westeros it makes sense for him to find work somewhere, maybe guarding some smugglers so that the wildlings he deals with don't try to kill him and keep his merchandise.
467	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-14	Wasn't his reaction verbatim from the books?I went back and checked.  No, it's not verbatim.  In the books, Catelyn tells Robb the terms, and Robb responds, "I consent."  He never asks about what they looked like.  Personally, I like the show version, and I don't think it hurts Robb as a character at all.  Plus, it was a great moment, especially with Theon smirking.Speaking of Theon, now that we've got a better overall picture of him, I like what they've done.  They spent a lot of time introducing him as a ward of the Starks who was taken from his family and now has a huge chip on his shoulder.  We were all worried that they were beating us over the head with it a bit too much.  And maybe they were.  Now, though, we see that even though Robb doesn't always take his advice, he's still a trusted inside member of his war councils.  It will make next season's events a bit more dramatic.
468	WildlingGirl	2011-06-14	Woa, everyone!First I'd like to say that one of my favourite parts of watching the show is coming on the boards and reading everything you guys have to say afterwards. I love sympathising or disagreeing on every single point, and it's so funny to see people who love the books equally be so torn about how things are portrayed.My own two cents:I didn't mind too much the battles missing, although Whispering Wood was a skirmish and could have been shown/heard in very short. I did exclaim "what, no Whispering Wood?!" when I saw the guys approaching Catelyn but the scene was very interesting in itself.Changing Robb's brilliant strategy was a whole different thing, but I'm waiting to see how it's going to pan out. I did like that the saved scout threw Tywin off the scent, though.Tyrion missing his battle scene made sense to me and it was funny that he was trampled, but more importantly, he was kept safe that way without showing him being unrealistically heroic. The spiked helm vs horse belly would also be funny of course, but keeping him alive until that point would be a stretch.Shae looked very exotic and appealing in my view, totally unlike Ros-type whores that Tyrion would be used to. She is a whore, as she first approaches Tyrion after she's agreed to the terms of contract, and her eyes glinted at the "gold you couldn't spend if you lived a thousand years" mention. The "Never did I ever" game was very poignant evidence of Tyrion's issues and need for companionship he feels he can't get anywhere. Bronn's reaction to the statement "look how much fun we're having" was telling everything we needed to know. Making Shae mysterious and insolent added fun and gave Tyrion a reason to keep her around, and us to wonder who she might be. On the other hand, Bronn and Shae always gave me the impression that they do start  liking Tyrion, although it's his gold that keeps them about, and they don't sacrifice their lives for him... it's kinda similar to liking your boss at work, socialising with him, but still not investing in his company when it's about to dissolve (Bronn) and looking for another boss (Shae). For Tyrion, it was a deep betrayal by both, but for them, it made sense as a career choice.Varys is totally portrayed as I had him in my head. Love him to bits.Maester Aemon also delivered despite my earlier dislike, the speech was awesome and Jon's reaction priceless. Jon's dilemma is clear and justified by the screen facts. Daenerys, Drogo, Jorah and Mirri Maz Duur... excellent scene, chills down the spine, very well done. The difference in Dany's belly size shows how much time elapsed to make that wound fester so much. Dany did look like 8 months along incidentally, she was very slim to begin with and wouldn't have gained much weight on horsemeat and constant travelling anyway. I wasn't sure about her falling on her belly but I think it works in the condensed version of events. I did miss it being night and the shadows dancing, I always connected that with Melisandre's shadowbabies in terms of magic... no matter.Finally... the scene, the epic scene. The setting was great, the crowd right, I loved the seven-pointed star banners. I was glad Yoren was pointed to Arya by Ned himself, always wondered how he'd found her. Sansa got the shock of her life, second of many I'm afraid. Ned's execution was done terrifically. I really felt for the Stark girls, for Ned, for his pain and shame at casting honour aside to save his family and getting killed for it. Jack Gleeson is the  perfect Joffrey, he really pulled off the whole "pffft soft women's hearts" flawlessly. And Ice was very much recognisable! I just want to rewatch it now but it was very painful, even knowing exactly how it would happen... sniff sniff. I'm planning a real GoT marathon as soon as it's all over and I have a whole day in my disposal  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' /> PS1. Newbie boyfriend's theory: Ned's going to turn up at the wall, with or without his head. Joffrey's not long for this world. That sword is not done talking.PS2. Newbie colleague turned up at work yesterday with the first book, and says he can't stop reading it. One more convert yay!
469	legba11	2011-06-14	Speaking of converts, I have 10 folks watching the show, three of which are reading the books now.
HBO and Martin, I will be expecting my checks within the month...
470	Carascan	2011-06-14	Hey all,first posting from me here, but after this episode i feel the need to adress the much discussed "absence of battles".It may be far-fetched, but could it be possible, that they deliberately chose to cut the battle scenes to generate a greater impact for Ned's final moments?I mean, they switched around other scenes and showed them in another context. Most notably for me was the Bran dream sequence, which happened at another time in the book than in the TV-series.Maybe the producers will show the battles in the last episode. Connected for example to Cat questioning Jaime (and he then describes, what happened in the WW and we get to see it on screen, underlined by Jaimes remarks).Or think of Tyrion, having "passed out" at the brink of battle... Maybe Bronn (or some other warrior/knight) tells him, how the battle unfolded. And we then get to see some more battle scenes.Think about the things that need to happen in the last episode. From my recollection, there's not so much left to be told (correct me if i'm wrong). So maybe they'll squeeze some scenes like mentioned above into it.
	Spoiler Also, i saw a scene from the preview for e10 where Robb seems to slash/hack at something (0:32). Maybe that hints at the "lost battle" of the WW? The title "Fire and Blood" could also suggest, that we are about to see some more battle scenes?
Aside from all this speculation, i really enjoyed the episode. Most of all (of course), the last scenes were perfect. All main characters on screen did an outstanding job here. God, how i hate that Joffrey...One thing's for sure: Even with the "main guy" being dead, i'll be thrilled to see the last episode. And then the long waiting for season 2 begins...
					
					
							Edited by Carascan, 14 June 2011 - 01:57 PM.
471	Cereal Forel	2011-06-14	You mean, like disobeying Tywin's express order that "you will not take that whore to court" that will happen in this next episode?Plus, instead of killing her, he ends up sleeping with her instead... until Tyrion finds her that is.
472	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-14	As well as they handled Ned's execution, it was very well put together, maybe the best editing since the pilot, not showing a single sequence from the Whispering Woods is inexcusable.You have a fight sequence with three of your leads (Rob, Theon, and Jamie) that doesn't require CGI or even a huge budget. No horses. Simply a wooded settting. A dozen bodies scattered about. A dozen stuntmen in combat. Rob in a fierce fight looking over tentatively as Jamies cuts through three or four men on his way to Rob. Greyjoy killing a few men with his bow. Then a confrontation between Rob and two Karstarks vs. Jamie. Jamie gets subdued after losing his blade in one of Rob's men. Rob then standing over Jamie with Theon and his wolf at his side. All of them bloodied, exhausted, and amazed they are still alive.The scene would have payed off in spades. It could have shown Theon's loyalty which makes his betrayl next season even more dramatic. Jamie combat prowess and warped sense of honor - who has been sadly off screen for almost three full episodes and most importantly it sets up Rob as Ned's worthly successor.For producers, what a missed opportunity.For the producers, that's two days of second unit work.  Or more importantly, two days of an entirely separate crew and expensive stuntmen and special efx guys.  Plus taking the principal actors away from first unit work which can be a real schedule problem depending on circumstances.  I'm not sure how much people can appreciate all the effort and time that fight scenes take.  Even for a 5 minute deal, you're talking 18-30 hours of filming.  My buddy's father in law built his own house in Malibu from the ground up being a stuntman/2nd unit (aka stunt unit) director.  It's a LOT of money involved, even without CGI work.  For a first season show, and granted I don't know if season 2 was greenlit before they shot this episode, miserly ways are paramount to getting a second season.  You go way overbudget on season 1, season 2 becomes more difficult to attain.I said before that even if the budget increased next year that little of it would see the screen because of the slew of upjumped personnel (writer's assistants become writers, writers become producers, producers become exec producers until there are over 10 producers listed etc...) but seeing how they're working around battles there's no way they can skimp on some things next season, specifically Blackwater.  Most series try to double their previous seasons.  Take True Blood for example.  A great first season with human/vampire interaction and a focus on the world as fangers integrate into society.  Then BOOM: vampires vs vampire politics, werewolves, religious fanatics, tons of new critters introduced (I may be wrong about things appearing season 2 or 3, but it works for the example).  IMO, TB jumped the shark WAAAAY too early.  GoT will do the same, thoug hopefully not jumping the shark.  They have to geometrically improve on last season, though maybe the unique status of GoT (ie main characters die early) will change the rules a bit.  But I honestly see zero possibility that they skimp on Blackwater.  Try to remember that though it was a decent budget, the dollar isn't awesome against the Euro (or Pound, but I believe N Ireland is Euro) and there are a lot of people whose salary is taken out of that budget before anything is shot and Sean Bean had to make a good chunk for being an arguably A-list name who only gets to be in 9 episodes.  I seriously am glad that they work around stuff rather than do it underbudgeted, like the battles.  There is enough character development that goes on around the battles, and quite frankly I was pretty unimpressed by much of the swordplay so far in the series, to accept skipping battle scenes.  Hopefully key players will be doing sword fighting training in the offseason so that it comes off better on screen
473	FlipFantastic	2011-06-14	If you hate Joff after this episode, you might appreciate this:http://www.thehighde...for-10-minutes/
474	WhiteHaven	2011-06-14	My GF can't still believe that Ned is dead. I always have to giggle when she explains to me that the Starks will get their revenge, soon.
Apart from that I just have one thing to say. Jorah Mormont ist AWESOME! I fell in love with his voice.
475	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-14	I really liked the scene outside Drogo's tent btw. The whole vibe and sound coming from the tent. Very spooky and just spot on imo.
476	Morrigan	2011-06-14	I really liked the scene outside Drogo's tent btw. The whole vibe and sound coming from the tent. Very spooky and just spot on imo.Yeah, the sounds were awesome, but I wish they had filmed it at night (like in the book) and showed the dancing shadows too. I wonder why they didn't keep that...
477	Grack21	2011-06-14	I think people are jumping to conclusions to soon about Season 2. I mean, GRRM is writing an episode called BLACKWATER, so I'm pretty sure it's not going to be cut out.
Like someone else said, I'd rather have them skip things then make them and have them suck. And I think people are greatly underestimating how much battle scenes actually cost.  But I'm just repeating myself at this point. Maybe someone can ask GRRM about it when he gets back from Poland.
478	Aoife	2011-06-14	Yeah, the sounds were awesome, but I wish they had filmed it at night (like in the book) and showed the dancing shadows too. I wonder why they didn't keep that...I'm not sure. Even when Dany's talking to Jorah, she mentions how he should wear his armour tonight. I'm guessing it was just too much hassle to film the whole thing at night (or "at night"), but it's still a little disappointing.
479	Impish	2011-06-14	Have to say I was very disappointed with the portrayal of the Whispering Woods.
Not so much that they didn't show anything, I wasn't really expecting them to.
But they didn't even EXPLAIN anything.  They didn't explain how Robb's force of 18000 men defeated Jaime's force of 30000.  At all.  Everyone I was watching with (non-readers all) were very confused here when they just show up dragging Jaime.. wondering WTF happened.
Why couldn't they have just added a few lines explaining how Jaime's forces were split up to besiege Riverrun, and Robb took them completely by surprise?  Instead it just came across as Deus ex Machina... victory without effort.
I am hoping the battle is described in more detail next episode... Tywin hearing of the events would be a good opportunity.
Other than that... wow what an episode.  They nailed the Baelor scene.  What a heart ripper.  Joffrey, you bastard.  Would've liked to see Tyrion get a few kills at the Green Fork, but the aftermath of the battle was great I thought.  Aemon's speech was fantastic, I'm glad they included this.  Loved the Jorah fight, and how the "armor is slow but keeps a man alive" scene foreshadowed its conclusion.   Can't wait for the finale!
480	GoTreviews	2011-06-14	Hey all,first posting from me here, but after this episode i feel the need to adress the much discussed "absence of battles".It may be far-fetched, but could it be possible, that they deliberately chose to cut the battle scenes to generate a greater impact for Ned's final moments?That would actually be very smart... you got me hopin' for some battles /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
481	So1ar	2011-06-14	Hey all,first posting from me here, but after this episode i feel the need to adress the much discussed "absence of battles".It may be far-fetched, but could it be possible, that they deliberately chose to cut the battle scenes to generate a greater impact for Ned's final moments?I mean, they switched around other scenes and showed them in another context. Most notably for me was the Bran dream sequence, which happened at another time in the book than in the TV-series.Maybe the producers will show the battles in the last episode. Connected for example to Cat questioning Jaime (and he then describes, what happened in the WW and we get to see it on screen, underlined by Jaimes remarks).Or think of Tyrion, having "passed out" at the brink of battle... Maybe Bronn (or some other warrior/knight) tells him, how the battle unfolded. And we then get to see some more battle scenes.Think about the things that need to happen in the last episode. From my recollection, there's not so much left to be told (correct me if i'm wrong). So maybe they'll squeeze some scenes like mentioned above into it.
	Spoiler Also, i saw a scene from the preview for e10 where Robb seems to slash/hack at something (0:32). Maybe that hints at the "lost battle" of the WW? The title "Fire and Blood" could also suggest, that we are about to see some more battle scenes?
i get your point but if they were going to show any battles they would have done it last week. in the preview where robb is slashing at something i think that it because he found out his father was dead so he was in a rage.Maybe that hints at the "lost battle" of the WW? The title "Fire and Blood" could also suggest, that we are about to see some more battle scenes?[/spoiler]fire and blood is the words for house targaryen so im sure it was called that because of dany's big scene at the end.
482	Captain Tripps	2011-06-14	Just realized we had about 10 minutes of screen time with a whore and a bunch of backstory, and nobody took their clothes off.  Even at the end it was...modest.
483	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-06-14	Some points on episode 9:Awesome episode over all, and probably the one that will pack the most punch this season, despite what we'll see next week.No dream sequence from Ned about Lyanna and the Tower of Joy. That will probably have to wait for a long time now until Howland Reed makes an appearance.Nice look of the Twins, if perhaps a little understated.Walder Frey is as much of a despicable piece of crap here as he is in the books.Groundskeeper Filch has apparently graduated from Hogwarts to a much higher position at the Twins. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Jon Snow has been told not to do stupid things, yet he took a swing at Thorne last week and next week we'll see him run off, and yet Mormont has given him Longclaw.Maester Aemon has been pretty invisible and nondescript so far on the show, thus lessening the impact when he reveals he's a Targaryen. Still, I felt a little shiver.For all his accomplishments as a ruthless lord and strategist, Tywin Lannister's blind spot is Tyrion. He should treat his son much better, and not only because it's his son, but because Tyrion is smart and capable.Bronn: "I think I'll go find one [whore]" when he learns next day may be the last.Shae didn't look at all as I had imagined. Is she supposed to have dark hair? I can't recall. Still, she's pretty enough. Thank the gods she wasn't replaced with Ros.The "magic scene" with Mirri Maz Durr and the tent didn't come off as very scary or mysterious. They should have set it in the dark (or dusk) and have lights and shadows moving around.We got an infodump about Tysha from Tyrion, so now the audience knows this little incident too.I was a bit disappointed that we didn't see any of the battles, but to be honest I wasn't expecting much. Even Rome avoided those kind of scenes for budgetary reasons. But a little skirmish at the fringes would have been nice.Didn't like that Tyrion got knocked out at the very beginning. He should have been there at least a little while.Even if I knew what was coming, the final scene was moving and heartbreaking. Nice touch with Ned noticing Arya and having the wits about him to tell Yoren before being dragged up on the Sept.Ned seemed quite dumbfounded when Joffrey decided to have his head. Poor honourable man.Poor Arya.And Sansa, who previously lost her wolf is now equally powerless to stop the beheading of her father, who she thought she had saved.Still, a stupid move by Joffrey. With Ned alive they could have negotiated a swap between Sansa (and Arya) and Jaime and forged a peace. Even Cersei thought this a dumb move.I really wonder how non-readers reacted to this. Will the abandon the show in disgust? A friend of mine that I just introduced to the show actually thought Ned might have survived because we didn't actually see his head being chopped off.
484	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-14	Hehe, my housemate is in the next room watching Eps 8 and 9 back to back. I heard, "You are such a little shit, Joffrey!" bellowed about an hour ago, expecting a similar reaction aaaany minute now...
485	Bronn_ManofHonour	2011-06-14	Woa, everyone!Shae looked very exotic and appealing in my view, totally unlike Ros-type whores that Tyrion would be used to. She is a whore, as she first approaches Tyrion after she's agreed to the terms of contract, and her eyes glinted at the "gold you couldn't spend if you lived a thousand years" mention. The "Never did I ever" game was very poignant evidence of Tyrion's issues and need for companionship he feels he can't get anywhere. Bronn's reaction to the statement "look how much fun we're having" was telling everything we needed to know. Making Shae mysterious and insolent added fun and gave Tyrion a reason to keep her around, and us to wonder who she might be. On the other hand, Bronn and Shae always gave me the impression that they do start  liking Tyrion, although it's his gold that keeps them about, and they don't sacrifice their lives for him... it's kinda similar to liking your boss at work, socializing with him, but still not investing in his company when it's about to dissolve (Bronn) and looking for another boss (Shae). For Tyrion, it was a deep betrayal by both, but for them, it made sense as a career choice.PS1. Newbie boyfriend's theory: Ned's going to turn up at the wall, with or without his head. Joffrey's not long for this world. That sword is not done talking.PS2. Newbie colleague turned up at work yesterday with the first book, and says he can't stop reading it. One more convert yay! His story about Tysha setup both Shae and Bronn betrayals of Tyrion, although deep down inside all three's leaving of Tyrion is about his father despising him (which seems to have lived on in Cersei). One of the things Tyrion hates to realize is that his father NEVER let him have endeavors of his own and instead kept him on a rich allowance. This really stops Tyrion from ever having any independence from Tywin. Tyrion's speech to Bronn in Episode 8, about no one ever being able to outbid him for his services (friendship) sets up what comes so beautifully. Nobody outbids a Lannister... except another Lannister.However what Bronn does with the settlement Cersei gives him is truly, truly bizarre... could Bronn be working for Tyrion secretly still?
486	legba11	2011-06-14	But they didn't even EXPLAIN anything.  They didn't explain how Robb's force of 18000 men defeated Jaime's force of 30000.  At all.  Everyone I was watching with (non-readers all) were very confused here when they just show up dragging Jaime.. wondering WTF happened.Why couldn't they have just added a few lines explaining how Jaime's forces were split up to besiege Riverrun, and Robb took them completely by surprise?  Instead it just came across as Deus ex Machina... victory without effort.I am hoping the battle is described in more detail next episode... Tywin hearing of the events would be a good opportunity.I don't think that has happened yet, Jaime was captured in a fairly small skirmish, I think Robb breaks his seige later.I don't see Bronn as ever betraying Tyrion, he doesn't even outright say no to fighting the Mountain for him (though it's unlikely he would).  Am I forgetting something?
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 14 June 2011 - 08:21 PM.
487	Aganerral	2011-06-14	One possible note about not having ToJ this season - that leaves an opening to have Sean Bean come back in a future season as a guest spot for lots of fun promotional purposes /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
488	Steel_Wind	2011-06-14	So I finally talked today with a non-reader friend of mine who has been a passionate fan of the TV series. He got the chance to watch Ep 9 last night.He had this look in his eye the moment I saw him. "So I watched it..." All he could say about Ned was "wow". Him: "Is he really dead? Is that it for Ned? He lost his head?" Me: "Dead. Completely dead. 100% DEAD."Him: "How can you kill the main character? Wow. Those guys....just... wow."Me: "Because he wasn't the main character", I replied. "You just thought he was". He took that all in stride and rolled with it.He is certainly sucking up the GRRM vibe now, and while I can tell he's rooting for Drogo, I can also tell that he is waking up to the fact that GRRM is ruthless and Drogo isn't likely to make it. In fact, he already has reached the conclusion that Dany's baby is ALSO in a lot of trouble for being brought into that tent.But THOSE are not the comments he had that I wanted to post here. The comments that worried me were in relation to the capture of Jaime. He was totally confused: "What the hell happened? I don't understand."So I explained it to him, as I often do. His response?Him: "How the hell are you supposed to figure out this show if you haven't read the book?? You tell me afterwards and I can deal with it -- but what do you do if you don't have some friend in the know? Those-battles-that-weren't. Man. How the fuck are we supposed to figure all that out on our own?"To D&D: the man has a point.
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 14 June 2011 - 09:35 PM.
489	Samalander	2011-06-15	I'm pretty sure they will show us Mirri Maz Duur's desire for vengeance. She poisoned Drogo and killed Rhaego with her spell, that's the whole point of her character. She would not end up on the pyre, if this were just two accidents ;-).She poisoned Drogo? Really? Where is this coming from? I understood from the novels he was too arrogant to comply with her directions and got himself screwed.
490	Bahimiron	2011-06-15	She poisoned Drogo? Really? Where is this coming from? I understood from the novels he was too arrogant to comply with her directions and got himself screwed.It's possible that in this thread about an episode of the TV show in this area dedicated to season one of the TV show of the TV show subforum that he could very well be talking about the motivations of the character as depicted on the TV show.
491	mcb	2011-06-15	I think people are jumping to conclusions to soon about Season 2. I mean, GRRM is writing an episode called BLACKWATER, so I'm pretty sure it's not going to be cut out.Like someone else said, I'd rather have them skip things then make them and have them suck. And I think people are greatly underestimating how much battle scenes actually cost.Yes, an epic battle would cost epic. Even quantum, maybe (if you read "Pyramids"). However, a minute of Robb's war council explaining to the viewers the whole "divide the host and give them two battles" idea wouldn't cost more than Tyrion's drinking game. To give us just the bottom line, "Jaime gets caught", is simply bad storytelling.
492	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	His story about Tysha setup both Shae and Bronn betrayals of Tyrion, although deep down inside all three's leaving of Tyrion is about his father despising him (which seems to have lived on in Cersei). One of the things Tyrion hates to realize is that his father NEVER let him have endeavors of his own and instead kept him on a rich allowance. This really stops Tyrion from ever having any independence from Tywin. Tyrion's speech to Bronn in Episode 8, about no one ever being able to outbid him for his services (friendship) sets up what comes so beautifully. Nobody outbids a Lannister... except another Lannister.However what Bronn does with the settlement Cersei gives him is truly, truly bizarre... could Bronn be working for Tyrion secretly still?I dont think Bronn really betrayed Tyrion. He was a sword for hire and said so many times, and always had a price for his services. Even so I think he liked and respected Tyrion, but being a survivor he wasnt willing tio risk everything he had earned fighting Gregor.
493	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	She poisoned Drogo? Really? Where is this coming from? I understood from the novels he was too arrogant to comply with her directions and got himself screwed.Well, the POV system deal is that our perception is the character perception, in this case young, inocent and ignorant about medicine Dany. I realy think Mirr wanted to help Drogo, but I think it all changed when she realized Drogo was not just any Khan but one of the biggest and that his son would be the stallion who would mount the world.
494	GoTreviews	2011-06-15	She poisoned Drogo? Really? Where is this coming from? I understood from the novels he was too arrogant to comply with her directions and got himself screwed.It's mostly coming from MMD final's reactions to Dany.  "you knew" > "the stallion who mounts the world will burn no cities now" pretty much claims that she wasn't trying to help Drogo at any point.The show really support that theory, since, unlike in the books were Drogo rip his bandage off, he keeps him till the end (well, till Jorah removes it at least). They're trying to make the "MMD did it!" understanding of this story arc as the obvious choice.I might be biased however: I don't think I ever believed her to be ready to help Drogo at any point in the books.
495	legba11	2011-06-15	Second watch:
So this week's theme was how your actions affect not just you but your loved ones.
We open with Ned's honor being worth more than his life (and apparantly the thousands of lives which will be lost in war).  However Varys (you bastage! you took the only thing he had left!!) has him weigh his honor against the lives of Robb, Sansa and Arya.
Then we see how Jorah's crimes have devastated his father.  (Do we know why Mormont is on the Wall?)
Catelyn has her father and brother's shoddy treatment of their most powerful bannerman thrown in her face.  (I realize the man is a creep and a lech, but he is still your strongest bannerman)
Then Aemon spells it our directly in why the Black Brothers take no wives and father no children.  And then you see how the Mad King's insanity led to the death of all his family.
Khal pays the price twice for Dany's actions.  His wound and loss of respect was caused by her refusal to follow the rules of Dothraki pillage, and then she brings the witch into it.
Jaime pays the price of Tywin's failure (and his own, but that's not in keeping with the theme).  Tywin blames the scouts, but let's face it when your intelligence overstates the WMD's... err troops by 10 fold you look at the top of the pyramid for answers.
496	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	Well, the POV system deal is that our perception is the character perception, in this case young, inocent and ignorant about medicine Dany. I realy think Mirr wanted to help Drogo, but I think it all changed when she realized Drogo was not just any Khan but one of the biggest and that his son would be the stallion who would mount the world.In my opinion it's not obvious what Mirri does with Drogo's wound in the book but when she talks about that Dany didn't save her because life after everything is taken away is worthless, then it doesn't make any sense that she would ever want to help Drogo. Neither out of compassion, nor out of fear, because she hates the Dothraki and what they do to other people and she already sees herself as dead so she has nothing to fear.I don't think the whole thing with Drogo actually dying from battle with another Kahl (which is the case if you think Mirri helped him) is nearly as intriguing as a story as Dany alone creating the doom for Drogo and the khalesaar through her imagined compassion towards Mirri.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 15 June 2011 - 08:10 AM.
497	BlackTalon	2011-06-15	I must say I was confused by this in the books, too. Drogo dies because he disregards MMDs warnings as has beeen mentioned before and what happens when Jorah carries Dany into the tent, again thatÂ´s because he disregards MMDs very clear explicit orders (even though he didnÂ´t hear them, admittedly)
Yet GRRM later makes it somehow sound like she planned and orchestrated everything, like when she tells Dany sth along the lines of "your son wonÂ´t mount the world now, will he???"
I think thatÂ´s one of the logical flaws in the book, just like SansaÂ´s so-called betrayal, when it actually mattered a damn what she told Cersei of her fatherÂ´s plans to send them away. After NedÂ´s "mercy" cersei would have acted before Roberts returned to the city in any case.
(edited bc of unintentional spoilers)
					
					
							Edited by BlackTalon, 15 June 2011 - 08:23 AM.
498	TheEvilKing	2011-06-15	I dont think Bronn really betrayed Tyrion. He was a sword for hire and said so many times, and always had a price for his services. Even so I think he liked and respected Tyrion, but being a survivor he wasnt willing tio risk everything he had earned fighting Gregor.Yeah, the post you are responding to made no sense. Yet the dude has "Bronn" in his username.At what point does he betray Tyrion? If you're referring to him not fighting the Mountain, then no.
499	Cyclone49	2011-06-15	Wow. What an episode. I knew exactly what was coming but that was still one of the most tense hours of television I've ever watched - I had chills leading up to the final scene. Really liked the addition of Ned noticing Arya and pointing her out to Yoren, that was a really heart wrenching touch.
Was slightly disappointed at the battles being completely cut out, but I can understand why it was done. It does cause a little concern for later seasons however, unless they really up the budget. The casting for Shae is interesting - certainly quite different from the book version, but a compelling take on the character all the same. Glad the Tysha story finally got included, was a little worried when it wasn't in previous episodes. 
Walder Frey is suitably repulsive too. I like how the Freys basically seem to be being portrayed as the jokes of Westeros; even the interior of the Twins looks like a shithole compared to the other castles seen so far. And I love their ridiculous headgear!
500	Bronn Stone	2011-06-15	[list][*]Groundskeeper Filch has apparently graduated from Hogwarts to a much higher position at the Twins. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Not only that, he's married a fifth-year student.  Not much to her in terms of assertiveness or insight.  Probably a Hufflepuff.
501	Starchaser	2011-06-15	Then we see how Jorah's crimes have devastated his father.  (Do we know why Mormont is on the Wall?)Jorah said his father joined the Night's Watch so Jorah could be Lord of Bear Island. Yeah, adds to the devastation even more >_>
502	aimlessgun	2011-06-15	But THOSE are not the comments he had that I wanted to post here. The comments that worried me were in relation to the capture of Jaime. He was totally confused: "What the hell happened? I don't understand."So I explained it to him, as I often do. His response?Him: "How the hell are you supposed to figure out this show if you haven't read the book?? You tell me afterwards and I can deal with it -- but what do you do if you don't have some friend in the know? Those-battles-that-weren't. Man. How the fuck are we supposed to figure all that out on our own?"To D&D: the man has a point.Funny, I had the exact same conversation. It was kind of a lot of fun describing Whispering Wood though. "Yeah man, direwolf fucked shit up and Jaime was a beast" etc. He actually guessed Ned would die around episode 4, and asked me if there was a timeskip because the kids were obviously the main characters, so that wasn't a problem.
503	Carldog	2011-06-15	About Ned getting killed:
When I first read the book several years ago, I got about 500 pages in then told a friend about this kickass book I was reading.  My buddy gets a copy, blows through it then says "dude Ned dies!" he new I was not done.  We are no longer friends.
Anyway, that scene was done well in the show.
504	legba11	2011-06-15	Jorah said his father joined the Night's Watch so Jorah could be Lord of Bear Island. Yeah, adds to the devastation even more >_>Thank you!  Which book is that in?  I need to go find it.
505	Starchaser	2011-06-15	Clash of Kings, probably the first Dany chapter but just guessing on there, he tells her about his wife being with another man now and all that.
506	valacirca	2011-06-15	So I finally talked today with a non-reader friend of mine who has been a passionate fan of the TV series. He got the chance to watch Ep 9 last night.... ... ... The comments that worried me were in relation to the capture of Jaime. He was totally confused: "What the hell happened? I don't understand."So I explained it to him, as I often do. His response?Him: "How the hell are you supposed to figure out this show if you haven't read the book?? You tell me afterwards and I can deal with it -- but what do you do if you don't have some friend in the know? Those-battles-that-weren't. Man. How the fuck are we supposed to figure all that out on our own?"To D&D: the man has a point.I totally agree. D&D dropped the ball with The Battle of Whispering Wood. I battle with Tyrion was fine the was they copped out of it, but the episode really suffered without they putting the capture of Jaime into context. If they had handled that passably, the episode would have been the best of the series.
507	howland_reed	2011-06-15	My friend surmised that Ned was dead around Episode 5, when he got speared in the leg.
Friend: "Sean Bean's not lasting the season is he."
I couldn't keep a straight face, so my response:
"Nah, wait till you see how he gets revenge in season two."
"Thanks for the spoiler, jackass."
Now he's even more pissed at me after this episode lol.
508	Narrow C	2011-06-15	My two coppers worth...I think a low-budget, montage-style battle scene could have been done (see the Battle of Agincourt scene in Kenneth Brannagh's Henry V; dudes and horses in the mud, swinging swords and falling face-first into the muck. No CGI required.)Shae doesn't bother me, but that scene did run long. She's alternating lines with Tyrion, and we're getting exposition on HIM, but she's avoiding any response which could have given us exposition on HER.  Pity.  I did love Bronn's response to Tyrion, though, after bringing him Shae... "We're in the van tomorrow."  "Think I'll get one for myself..." Filch as Walder Frey?  Well, he scores full points in the creepiness category...I loved how the EW article considered Ned's offing to be "groundbreaking" and unexpected.  Were they thinking D&D would break away from the primary storyline of the books the series is based on? They're not making up the source material as they go along. Should Marc Anthony have beaten Octavian and lived Happily Ever After with Cleopatra?  Maybe Moses should have said, "hey, fellas, let's head west. I hear Tunisia's lovely this time of year."Besides, they needed Sean Bean to give the series a big name actor to draw people in. They couldn't afford him for more than a year anyway, not with that big a cast.
509	mcb	2011-06-15	I loved how the EW article considered Ned's offing to be "groundbreaking" and unexpected.  Were they thinking D&D would break away from the primary storyline of the books the series is based on? They're not making up the source material as they go along. Should Marc Anthony have beaten Octavian and lived Happily Ever After with Cleopatra?  Maybe Moses should have said, "hey, fellas, let's head west. I hear Tunisia's lovely this time of year."My thoughts exactly - although triggered by Sean Bean's praise of HBO's courage (Â<U+0093>But I thought it was a great decision by the writers. They not only kill the king off, they kill his right hand manÂ<U+0094>). You usually don't get credits for thinking outside the box, if in your adaptation of "Romeo and Juliet" both lovers die.
510	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-15	I'm curious about one thing: Why did Ned whisper Baelor to the guy (I don't remember his name) who held Arya before Ned was beheaded? What does Baelor really mean? (I reread the first book not too long ago, but I still don't remember the meaning of the word)
511	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-15	I'm curious about one thing: Why did Ned whisper Baelor to the guy (I don't remember his name) who held Arya before Ned was beheaded? What does Baelor really mean? (I reread the first book not too long ago, but I still don't remember the meaning of the word)The statue that Arya was clinging to was a statue of Baelor. When Yoren looked at the statue, he saw Arya, and went to protect her.
512	TheMountainThatAbides	2011-06-15	I'm curious about one thing: Why did Ned whisper Baelor to the guy (I don't remember his name) who held Arya before Ned was beheaded? What does Baelor really mean? (I reread the first book not too long ago, but I still don't remember the meaning of the word)He whispered Baelor to Yoren because Arya was standing on the statue of Baelor. He wanted him to look after her.
513	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-15	The statue that Arya was clinging to was a statue of Baelor. When Yoren looked at the statue, he saw Arya, and went to protect her.He whispered Baelor to Yoren because Arya was standing on the statue of Baelor. He wanted him to look after her.Ah, now I see, thanks /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I thought the guy was looking for Arya anyway and wanted to keep her safe and get her out (IIRC, that's the way it was described in the book). But I can see why they did it like that in the TV show.
514	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-15	Have D&D done any interviews or video where they talk about their decision to omit everything in The Whispering Wood?  I didn't mind it as much as some, but I do think it could have been done better.  And it looks like it confused some non-readers, although my non-reader friends picked up on it easy enough.
515	Derfel Cadarn	2011-06-15	Have D&D done any interviews or video where they talk about their decision to omit everything in The Whispering Wood?  I didn't mind it as much as some, but I do think it could have been done better.  And it looks like it confused some non-readers, although my non-reader friends picked up on it easy enough.Maybe we'll get a flashback next episode?  They may have wished to use their limited time to show Jaimie captured to give people a false sense of Ned's safety.  "Ah, they can trade them".
516	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-15	I do have one major complaint about the episode that I remembered after watching it again.  Pauper Arya is supposed to be not only a filthy street urchin who hides her definitively un-urchin-like sword and is often confused as a boy.  She looked almost exactly the same as she always has, slightly disheveled, slightly dirty.  Then she jumps up on the highest point in the crowd to where the first thing Ned sees is her.  Every Lannister guardsmen as well as the royal family have been looking for her for quite awhile, but no one sees her up on the statue pedestal, looking the same as she does all the time?  They needed to make her dirtier and less recognizable, a father would still be able to tell it was her.  But it's actually quite absurd that none of the people on the "stage" saw her when Ned clearly did.
517	BarrileteCosmico	2011-06-15	The omission of the whispering wood plans did bother me, but not as much as Tyrion not talking about his 'gold'. Do you guys think they'll save that revelation for later or that it won't get shown at all?
518	howland_reed	2011-06-15	Ah, now I see, thanks /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I thought the guy was looking for Arya anyway and wanted to keep her safe and get her out (IIRC, that's the way it was described in the book). But I can see why they did it like that in the TV show.Nah, in the books, since we're in Arya's PoV, we just know that Yoren found her and grabbed her and made her turn away.  We have no idea really how Yoren spotted her in the crowd, but Ned pointing her out to him makes sense and is a good use of some creative license on the writers part.I love how the show set it up so that casual viewers would think that a raven would get to KL's in time to let the Lannisters know that Robb has Jaime.Trump card comes too late.
519	Areo	2011-06-15	Do HBO plan to make "Ser Ilyn, bring me his head" t-shirts? Cuz that scene was amazing, really did justice to the books. Respect!
520	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-15	Nah, in the books, since we're in Arya's PoV, we just know that Yoren found her and grabbed her and made her turn away.   We have no idea really how Yoren spotted her in the crowd, but Ned  pointing her out to him makes sense and is a good use of some creative  license on the writers part.Ah, my memory must have failed me, because I imagined that the reader somehow knew that Yoren was looking for her. But like you said, it makes sense that she didn't, and it was a nice creative touch that the writers added the shot with Ned and Yoren.
521	Lion of Venice	2011-06-15	The forum seems to have eaten my post (my first post, for that matter!) so hello everyone, again!
Anyway, I just wanted to praise the TV Walder Frey and Bronn in this episode, they are perfect! Also, the scene of Ned's death was even better then in the book in my opinion, being closer to Ned and his reactions.
I didn't like TV Shae, she seems some sort of Lady Taena, only less sweet, and Roz seems to have Shae's personality in the TV show... I don't know why book Shae wasn't good enough for the TV, I always liked her as she was.
522	Jaxom 1974	2011-06-15	Still reading through the responses from both threads (very repeitive in terms of what the "issues" were...but I digress...)
My reactions:
1. Tyrion and the Battle of the Green Fork: I admit to doing a double take when I realized they were going to skip it once they hit him with the war hammer...I was okay over all with that decision...
2. But the Battle of the Whispering Wood...I was okay with not seeing it, because we're not supposed to.  What I was slightly let down with was that I thought we were going to be getting it when we saw Catelyn at the top of the rise looking down over the forrest.  Then all of a sudden, here comes Robb and it's over...
2A. (SIDEBAR) - I'm annoyed that Ser Rodrik is still hanging about.  Get back to Winterfell, darn it!  That's how it went in the books.  Another opportunity missed to have the honor guard about her...
3. Shae.  I am more than prepared to accept her as a change.  The alteration of having Tyrion tell his story of Tysha to her and Bronn in the manner they did was odd to me.  It could have easily been done on the Mountains of the Moon with Bronn alone as it was in the book...but whatever...
Everything else just rocks.  And for fun, the Sports Radio station I listen to during the day just had a small conversation about GoT and how one host needs to get on it and watch it and that while he is a fantastic actor, Peter Dinklage has an unfortunately funny name...and he's actually not British... /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
523	Leuf	2011-06-15	Well, no, Tywin was facing Bolton with over 10000 soldiers. Bolton lost but retreated in good order. They skipped over Robb's plan of taking the cavalry to relieve Riverrun which is why defeating Jaime was so important. I don't think that was portrayed in a convincing manner.In the book, yes, on the show it was 2000.  Which means Robb had around 20-22k when you add in the Freys vs Jaime's 30k.  I believe they just simplified things dramatically to make it easier for the audience to understand without getting into the nitty gritty, but then also wanted the audience to simultaneously be confused and think Tywin beat Robb for a couple of seconds.  They went halfway with explaining it and halfway with trying to make you think Robb lost and achieved neither.  The problem is that 2000 men have no chance of beating Tywin or convincing him that Robb's whole army is still there, so why in the world would they rush down with a night march to go die and reveal the truth even faster?  There's no point at all to Robb dividing his forces the way it is shown on the show, other than for the cheap unconvincing moment of trying to make you think Robb has lost for a few seconds.  Everything as far as the battles go was just not done well.
524	Aganerral	2011-06-15	I do have one major complaint about the episode that I remembered after watching it again.  Pauper Arya is supposed to be not only a filthy street urchin who hides her definitively un-urchin-like sword and is often confused as a boy.  She looked almost exactly the same as she always has, slightly disheveled, slightly dirty.  Then she jumps up on the highest point in the crowd to where the first thing Ned sees is her.  Every Lannister guardsmen as well as the royal family have been looking for her for quite awhile, but no one sees her up on the statue pedestal, looking the same as she does all the time?  They needed to make her dirtier and less recognizable, a father would still be able to tell it was her.  But it's actually quite absurd that none of the people on the "stage" saw her when Ned clearly did.I think this mostly has to go with necessities of TV.  She still needs to be recognizable to viewers.  Plus, they probably don't want to make it look like a kid is really suffering.Seeing her with Needle does raise a good question...how exactly could she hide that while in the books?  Needle isn't small like a dagger or knife, about the only thing she could do is hide it down her pants leg, but then she'd be walking stiffly and probably couldn't catch pigeons /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  On TV it's weird to see a street urchin with a sword, but if you think about it, in books she's a street urchin with a somehow hidden sowrd AND a wooden training sword.
525	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-15	The omission of the whispering wood plans did bother me, but not as much as Tyrion not talking about his 'gold'. Do you guys think they'll save that revelation for later or that it won't get shown at all?I don't know why this is a big deal.  I admit, I don't know why they left it out, other than maybe to reveal it later in another "Tyrion bares his soul" scene.  But I don't think it's essential.  They got the point across.  Tyrion was shamed.  Tywin is a giant ass.  Jaime is both protective AND deceitful.  You don't need Tyrion's participation at the end to get that.
526	Samalander	2011-06-15	I must say I was confused by this in the books, too. Drogo dies because he disregards MMDs warnings as has beeen mentioned before and what happens when Jorah carries Dany into the tent, again thatÂ´s because he disregards MMDs very clear explicit orders (even though he didnÂ´t hear them, admittedly)Yet GRRM later makes it somehow sound like she planned and orchestrated everything, like when she tells Dany sth along the lines of "your son wonÂ´t mount the world now, will he???"She was Maegi. As such, who knows what future events she could predict? To me, she comes across as a more serious person than Mel, and we all know what Mel can do. I think there was no actual plan in her mind until Drogo's wound festered and Dany eagerly gave her the go ahead. She warned Dany off, but she knew the price would become the unborn child. How? back to the Maegi thing. The warning bit, I think, was less about protecting herself from the consequences, but rather a manifestation of really evil sense of humor (as in, warning somebody ahead of time, knowing they won't be able to do anything with your warning).
527	Starkess	2011-06-15	I think this mostly has to go with necessities of TV.  She still needs to be recognizable to viewers.  Plus, they probably don't want to make it look like a kid is really suffering.Seeing her with Needle does raise a good question...how exactly could she hide that while in the books?  Needle isn't small like a dagger or knife, about the only thing she could do is hide it down her pants leg, but then she'd be walking stiffly and probably couldn't catch pigeons /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  On TV it's weird to see a street urchin with a sword, but if you think about it, in books she's a street urchin with a somehow hidden sowrd AND a wooden training sword.She has a cloak that she takes to carrying in her right arm to hide Needle hanging at her side. The wooden sword she carries about, but no one seems to care.
528	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-15	Hi all, been lurking for a while but after watching this episode thought I had to comment. Am I the only one who thinks that the programme is making Tyrion the comic relief? Is it because he is a dwarf? (I remember the same being done to Gimli in the Two Towers.) I think there are many aspects to Tyrion's character but they seem determined to turn him into 'that funny little man'.
529	Starkess	2011-06-15	Hi all, been lurking for a while but after watching this episode thought I had to comment. Am I the only one who thinks that the programme is making Tyrion the comic relief? Is it because he is a dwarf? (I remember the same being done to Gimli in the Two Towers.) I think there are many aspects to Tyrion's character but they seem determined to turn him into 'that funny little man'.Tyrion is very much "that funny little man" in the books. He uses sarcastic humor as his armor against the cruelty of the world.
530	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-15	Tyrion is very much "that funny little man" in the books. He uses sarcastic humor as his armor against the cruelty of the world.Exactly.  The books don't have very many outright humorous moments, but the ones that are there mainly originate from Tyrion.  It's part of his personality.The show needs humor as well, and Tyrion is a great vehicle for that.  Although I thought one of the funniest moments was last episode after Catelyn tells Robb that he has to marry a Frey, and Robb, completely stone-faced, says, "I see," while Theon smirks next to him.
531	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-15	Tyrion is very much "that funny little man" in the books. He uses sarcastic humor as his armor against the cruelty of the world.I agree with that, but there is a world of difference between that and "ha ha the dwarf missed the battle because he got hit in the head by one of his own men, and then trampled!" They're making the character a figure of ridicule which I think will cause problems later on as the story develops.
532	Leuf	2011-06-15	Tyrion is very much "that funny little man" in the books. He uses sarcastic humor as his armor against the cruelty of the world.But he's not slapstick let's all laugh at the dwarf funny.  You're laughing with him in the books, not at him.  In fact it's his reaction to that sort of humor that helps frame him for Joffrey's murder.  But it's only been that one scene where they've done that to him.
533	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	I don't know why this is a big deal.  I admit, I don't know why they left it out, other than maybe to reveal it later in another "Tyrion bares his soul" scene.  But I don't think it's essential.  They got the point across.  Tyrion was shamed.  Tywin is a giant ass.  Jaime is both protective AND deceitful.  You don't need Tyrion's participation at the end to get that.You could say he was too ashamed to complete the story and that he may complete it latter.
534	cosnik	2011-06-15	who does larry williams play? i was wondering about the hubbub over him on the first page and couldnt find him in the cast list on imdb
535	zmflavius	2011-06-15	who does larry williams play? i was wondering about the hubbub over him on the first page and couldnt find him in the cast list on imdbHe's actually a prominent reviewer/video-blogger who's been watching AGOT.
536	fitheach	2011-06-15	I was thinking about the Tyrion/Shae/Bronn party, and Bronn admitting he has been beyond the wall... In episode 5 when Bronn is on the road with Catelyn and Co., taking Tyrion to the Vale- Tyrion said "I hear the Eyrie is impregnable", and Bronn responds "give me 10 men and spikes"...
I definitely think Bronn is a wilding (not saying he's Mance- not going there at all), or a former black brother.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 15 June 2011 - 10:41 PM.
537	HokieStone	2011-06-15	I definitely think Bronn is a wilding (not saying he's Mance- not going there at all), or a former black brother.Maybe a wildling - I seriously doubt he's former Night's Watch.  Since there is no such thing as "former" Night's Watch...unless you're dead.  Isn't he granted land and a title by Cersei in ASOS?  If so...that's not a good way to stay hidden if you're a deserter.  But a wildling...yeah, that's an interesting thought.
538	zmflavius	2011-06-15	Maybe a wildling - I seriously doubt he's former Night's Watch.  Since there is no such thing as "former" Night's Watch...unless you're dead.  Isn't he granted land and a title by Cersei in ASOS?  If so...that's not a good way to stay hidden if you're a deserter.  But a wildling...yeah, that's an interesting thought.I personally don't believe he's a personal former night's watchman...But I think that it's very possible to be a former night's watchman, just as someone in Westeros can be a thief with two hands and ten digits, or a murderer who hasn't been hanged, or an ungelded raper.  Given how competent Bronn is, I wouldn't be surprised if he was capable enough to desert and pull it off.
539	fitheach	2011-06-15	Maybe a wildling - I seriously doubt he's former Night's Watch.  Since there is no such thing as "former" Night's Watch...unless you're dead.  Isn't he granted land and a title by Cersei in ASOS?  If so...that's not a good way to stay hidden if you're a deserter.  But a wildling...yeah, that's an interesting thought.My thoughts on Bronn being former Nights Watch- is that if anyone could be a deserter and not be found, it's Bronn. He'd just change his name and stay low... Although, Lord Bronn is not so low. I think he's probably a wilding working for Mance- getting info for the King beyond the Wall (and some riches for himself?).  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> It's a crackpot theory I know, and I never thought this with the book Bronn- but they threw this beyond the wall for show Bronn (as far as I can recall Bronn never mentions in the novels going beyond the wall)... Hmmmm.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 15 June 2011 - 10:58 PM.
540	BlackTalon	2011-06-16	I think heÂ´s neither a wildling nor a deserter, my guess is he used to smuggle stuff beyond the Wall - armor and steel weapons, that would really be in keeping with his character IMHO.
We know that this happens frequently, Davos also used to do that when he was a young lad - and his captain promptly got caught by the NightÂ´s Watch.
541	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-16	He's now Lord Stokeworth besides.
542	Cereal Forel	2011-06-16	Maybe we'll get a flashback next episode?  They may have wished to use their limited time to show Jaimie captured to give people a false sense of Ned's safety.  "Ah, they can trade them".I'm really hoping for this. It would make sense too because they probably wanted to focus mostly on Ned at the end of the episode. Jaime could have a flashback of his capture while he rots in Riverrun next episode, or really even next season if need be.I could have sworn I remember reading where D&D were excited to give us the battle of whispering wood.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 16 June 2011 - 08:53 AM.
543	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-16	My thoughts on Bronn being former Nights Watch- is that if anyone could be a deserter and not be found, it's Bronn. He'd just change his name and stay low... Although, Lord Bronn is not so low. I think he's probably a wilding working for Mance- getting info for the King beyond the Wall (and some riches for himself?).  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> It's a crackpot theory I know, and I never thought this with the book Bronn- but they threw this beyond the wall for show Bronn (as far as I can recall Bronn never mentions in the novels going beyond the wall)... Hmmmm.But then maybe he was just lying?
544	Cereal Forel	2011-06-16	you don't have to be a wildling or a member of the nights watch to go beyond the wall...
545	Knight Of The North	2011-06-16	My thoughts exactly - although triggered by Sean Bean's praise of HBO's courage (Â<U+0093>But I thought it was a great decision by the writers. They not only kill the king off, they kill his right hand manÂ<U+0094>). You usually don't get credits for thinking outside the box, if in your adaptation of "Romeo and Juliet" both lovers die.To be fair, I think Sean Bean is referring as much to Martin's original book as to the TV Writers.Just sayin'.
546	Cruella_Da_Oz	2011-06-16	Ned's death was more impactful here than in the book. Great job. 
We need to keep this director! More than anything lack of impressive shots and cinematic feel were my biggest dissapoinments (some scenes looked  good but overall...), yet here finally it felt like a movie and not daytime soap with CGI. Love how they've done final scene.
Great acting by MW in the end.
Change of Shae took me by surprise. Maybe they changed her because Tyrion's attraction to book!Shae doesn't do him any favors, she's so obviously a perfect whore playing a perfect part, perfect for objefication and stroking of ego, she certainly did nothing to increase my respect for Tyrion. So we'll see how it will go. However, original Shae made sense as she acted exactly as a prostitute would act, good business  sense to give your client exactly what he wants. Maybe this Shae will fool viewers together with Tyrion? Like, from this hard ass it will look like she beging to grudgingly care for him and then BAM? I don't know.
Her line about Tysha was a totally reasonable criticism of the whole story, but... why was it there?  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> So weird. If D&D wanted to criticize Martin here through  Shae they totally had a point, IMO, but since they'll have to sell viewers exactly the same story they pointed out as unrealistic... not sure I get what they were going for.
More Alan Taylor (?)!
I think I love Joffrey btw. He actually looks like he belongs on Iron Throne, ironically. I mean the way he sits there. Very natural.
547	Leuf	2011-06-17	Her line about Tysha was a totally reasonable criticism of the whole story, but... why was it there?  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> So weird. If D&D wanted to criticize Martin here through  Shae they totally had a point, IMO, but since they'll have to sell viewers exactly the same story they pointed out as unrealistic... not sure I get what they were going for.I was looking over the TWOP forums at the reactions from the people who haven't read the books, and they seem to have really latched onto that line.  Instead of feeling sympathy for Tyrion they are thinking he should have known it all along.  Which is pretty ironic considering future events.  I think the writers were more interested in what the line showed about Shae rather than any concern about how people interpret the story though.
548	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-17	To be fair, I think Sean Bean is referring as much to Martin's original book as to the TV Writers.Just sayin'.You are assuming that Sean Bean has actually read the book...
549	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-17	Since we don't have a thread about the little things for this episode I just remembered that I loved the part when Dany asks Mirri who's death will pay for Drogo's life and Mirri gives a quick look towards Dany's belly before she asks them to bring Drogo's horse. Well done since a non-reader will just see the look as how you sometimes look at nothing when you think, while the rest of us of course know exactly what's going on.I had noticed the chains on the Greatjon's chest before but I had missed that the guard on his sword also was in the form of chain links. I really enjoy all those little details.You are assuming that Sean Bean has actually read the book...He has said in interviews that he read the book so it is known.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 17 June 2011 - 03:29 PM.
550	Marsala	2011-06-19	Littlefinger knew. He knew! He had that smug look on his face. He knew what was coming.
551	legba11	2011-06-19	LF's expression could be read a few different ways.  He thrives on Chaos, he has said as much and this was Chaos.  He could just be enjoying the moment (also this was a man he did not like at all).
It seems likely that he was in Joffery's ear, however.
552	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-19	My 2 cents (having finally got thru all 31 pages of this and the previous thread)
1. agree with almost all that the final scene at the Sept of Baelor is pretty much as good as I've seen tv (or movies for that matter) get.  It was a faithful adaptation while also ADDING something that fit well and made sense.  It certainly made you care for the actors involved: whether that was pity for the Starks or intense hatred for Joffrey-- people have a reaction to what happened.
2.  MILD disappointment about the battles as others have said, hoping there might be some limited flashbacks to the Whispering Woods or at a minimum some clever exposition to explain it-- could be done by either a scene in the Lannister camp about the failing of the scouts (and Gregor's line about cutting out their eyes for the next scouts) OR when they relieve Riverrun they can explain to the thankful occupants there how they did it....
3. One area where I guess the episode DIDN'T measure up to me was the scene between Jon and Aemon.  I think Aemon did fine, but I just can't warm to this Jon.  In the books I like him and look forward to his chapters, but in the show he just comes across as so whiny, petulant and angsty.  There's also just something about his 'look'-- I know lots of women on here find him dreamy, but I can't stand it.  The funny thing is that I know a lot of book readers have had the 'whiny Jon' complaints, so its very likely that the actor is hitting the notes just how they want him too, but since it's not how I pictured it....
4. Can't believe season 1 is over tonight.   Strong work HBO.
553	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-19	My 2 cents (having finally got thru all 31 pages of this and the previous thread)1. agree with almost all that the final scene at the Sept of Baelor is pretty much as good as I've seen tv (or movies for that matter) get.  It was a faithful adaptation while also ADDING something that fit well and made sense.  It certainly made you care for the actors involved: whether that was pity for the Starks or intense hatred for Joffrey-- people have a reaction to what happened.2.  MILD disappointment about the battles as others have said, hoping there might be some limited flashbacks to the Whispering Woods or at a minimum some clever exposition to explain it-- could be done by either a scene in the Lannister camp about the failing of the scouts (and Gregor's line about cutting out their eyes for the next scouts) OR when they relieve Riverrun they can explain to the thankful occupants there how they did it....3. One area where I guess the episode DIDN'T measure up to me was the scene between Jon and Aemon.  I think Aemon did fine, but I just can't warm to this Jon.  In the books I like him and look forward to his chapters, but in the show he just comes across as so whiny, petulant and angsty.  There's also just something about his 'look'-- I know lots of women on here find him dreamy, but I can't stand it.  The funny thing is that I know a lot of book readers have had the 'whiny Jon' complaints, so its very likely that the actor is hitting the notes just how they want him too, but since it's not how I pictured it....4. Can't believe season 1 is over tonight.   Strong work HBO.As for Jon, it's a lot different when you see it onscreen, but really I think Jon is as whiny and petulant in the books.  And despite my hatred for whiny petulant heroes, I like this Jon.  I see the force of command in him that will come in later.  I especially like him and Sam, I actually get more of a friendship between them onscreen than I did in the books.  In the books it seemed like a popular kid taking pity on a doofus.  Maybe that's more a factor of the actor playing Sam than Jon, but it works very well IMO.  He has a tough learning curve ahead of him and the petulance of youth (what is he, 16-17?) coming up so just ascribe it to character development.I can't believe it's over either, I really hope they go 12 eps next year, with a 90 minute ep 1 and 12!  I honestly have no idea what the actor that plays Joffrey is going to do if this show gets as popular as Entourage or other HBO shows.  He's absolutely loathed by everyone watching.  I wouldn't be surprised if he had security with him after last week.  Many actors wither and die under typecasting.  For example, TOm Wopat from Dukes of Hazzard hates the fact that he's Luke (or Bo, can't remember) and bitches about it all the time, William Atherton (of the Asshole Trilogy:  Die Hard reporter, Real Genius Professor, Ghostbusters city official) hasn't done anything but arrogant assholes, Draco Malfoy been seen anywhere but Potter movies?  Etc...   After Sansa beatings next season, who knows if he'll get attacked on the streets for being the most despised figure on current TV.  I don't like the Aemon actor at all.  Quite frankly, all the Maesters really piss me off and are weak points in every scene IMO.  But for some reason his high pitched warble worked in the discovery scene.  I give great props to people I dislike doing great work that makes me forget that I dislike them (examples:  Glenn Close in the Shield and Bean here in GoT).  Doesn't mean I don't think they're good, just that I don't like them.  Hopefully award seasons reward them for overcoming at least this man's prejudices.  Anyways, I'm very sad it's over tonight though I expect to have some massive chills as, for example, Dany walks out with dragons around her neck*.  All in all, as long as Tim Van Patten doesn't direct tonight's episode, I think this is at least as good as any adaptation to the screen has been.  Hopefully they don't go the way of Deadwood (who decided he language needed to be it's own character and overdid it while de-emphasizing real characters and then leaving us in limbo).  I'd like to see them continue and add credence to the fantasy genre.  *- For some ungodly reason, the LA Times ran a story this week about what D&D are going to do next season and very inconsiderately let slip, or actually blatantly proclaimed, that CGI dragons were in the final episode.  Weak spoiler for all involved.  Can't think that D&D were happy about that, even though it was pretty obvious from early on with all the lingering shots of the eggs that they'll come into play later.  At least the show hasn't had those shots for a few eps to throw off the scent.  That's really the only scene I'm looking forward to specifically tonight, and one that IMO they need to absolutely nail.  In fact, IIRC the Westeros stuff is all tying up loose ends for an "act" ending and the most important stuff is Dany oriented.  At first I thought they were accelerating here storyline too quickly, but it worked out well.
554	Ormond	2011-06-19	Real life has gotten in the way the last couple of weeks, so I was only able to watch Episode 8 a few days ago and watched Episode 9 today. Then I have spent the last two and a half hours trying to read all of this Ep 09 thread before I posted. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I can understand the criticism that the Whispering Wood battle should at least have been better talked about, if not seen, for nonreaders to fully understand the circumstances of Jaime's capture.But I have a hard time understanding the objections to the lack of battle scenes that are along the lines of "they need to show the real violent nature of Westerosi culture,"  that men die and die without dignity or company. That this world is horrible and unfair and dangerous.Why do you need battle scenes to show that, with everything else that has happened in this series? Surely anyone who has watched all nine episodes should have gotten the point that not only men, but women and children, are likely to "die without dignity or company" in this world, and that it's a "horrible and unfair and dangerous" place. I honestly can't say that a battle scene would make that any clearer, and might even make it less clear, since to me the death of soldiers in battle is a lot less "unfair" than a lot of the deaths and maimings they have shown onscreen. I was glad that someone mentioned briefly that part of the reason for not showing Tyrion in battle as in the book is because of the probability that Dinklage doesn't have the physical ability to perform in a prolonged battle scene. As was mentioned, most reasons for dwarfism (of which there are many different kinds) lead to other physical problems besides just short stature. I'm not sure that GRRM himself understands that completely. Just as the "aging up" of the child characters makes them more realistic and believable than they were in the books, making Tyrion a bit less physically competent than in the books actually makes him more believable as a character, IMHO.I'm glad someone finally mentioned Michelle Fairley's acting, as I have been really impressed by it. Of course the overall level of acting has been amazing. Though I was a bit disappointed at first that the series was being done with mostly UK actors, I know I have read that British actors are on the whole better trained than American ones, and I believe it even more after watching this series. Nearly every actor, including many of those who play rather minor characters, has done a job between very good and truly excellent. With such a large cast, that seems rather remarkable to me, and I am afraid that it wouldn't be the case if the show had been cast in the USA. Finally, I'm sure others have said this on a thread I haven't read -- but I am absolutely thrilled by the theme music. Somehow that piece just fits in perfectly with the credits and the overall tone of the series. I think the composer deserves some sort of award, along with awards to most of the actors. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
555	Unnamed	2011-06-20	I finally managed to read through all the posts here, and I've noticed that no one seems to have the same theory on the Mirri/Dani thing that I do, based on:Mirri's comments before the blood magic scene.If Jorah had not carried Dani into the tent, the baby would have been fine (that is, this is what I believe).The stillborn fetus is described as being somewhat dragon-like.I always thought that Mirri knew that Drogo would "live" in a vegetative state (although it doesn't make sense to me unless he was already dead), and that the horse's life was used to "power" this. It also seemed that Jorah carrying Dany into the tent was a critical mistake. If it did not matter, why make a point of having it play out that way?But here's the key point: There's every reason to believe that Dani had a live normal baby, until she was carried into the tent, then gave birth to some reptilian thing. THEN, she is able to hatch fossilized dragon eggs. I always believed that the horse paid for Drogo's "life", but the baby paid for the dragon eggs coming to life. They were in the tent, and I assumed that they were able to suck the life out of Dani's baby as an unintended side effect of Mirri's blood magic. If not, what else explains the miraculous births of the 3 dragons?For what it's worth, I never felt that Mirri was plotting Drogo/Rhaego's deaths from the beginning. I always read her response to Dani as an after-the-fact justification, along the lines of, "Well, it's a shame it didn't work out, but I really don't care. I never really liked your husband or your baby anyway."Also, when she's saying Dani knew the price, I don't think she meant the stillbirth--I think she meant that Dani "knew" that Drogo would not be fully alive. Of course, I also don't tend to assume that characters are always telling the truth or saying what they really think. Given the situation, I tend to read Mirri as someone being defensive after a big fuck-up--even bigger than she expected.Interestingly, after watching the last show, I now also wonder if Mirri's life also was necessary as part of the "price" for bringing the dragons back, but I still think that Jorah carrying Dani into the tent where there were dragon eggs and "dancing dead" was the critical event that altered "world" history.Anyone else see it that way? In particular, anyone else agree that Dani's baby's life was spent animating dragons, not Drogo?-VM
556	Trebla	2011-06-20	GoT producers interview, Battle of the Green Fork decisionSome fans were bummed they didnÂ<U+0092>t see anything from the battles, even though theyÂ<U+0092>re not very detailed in the book either. I donÂ<U+0092>t think itÂ<U+0092>s a spoiler to say thereÂ<U+0092>s a big battle in the second book. Will you be able to show that?DB: There was never much discussion of shooting The Battle of Whispering Wood [Robb vs. Jaime's army]. We did have plans to show Tyrion marching into battle behind The Mountain. We had a whole way we wanted to shoot it following TyrionÂ<U+0092>s eye level as The Mountain is just (cutting soldiers down). Ultimately we had to make some really tough decisions. We ran out of time to shoot it properly and we much rather have a great scene with our characters than a crappy version of the battle. We want to have some great battles, weÂ<U+0092>re working very hard to have great battles in season two. WeÂ<U+0092>d like to have more direwolves too.DW: ThereÂ<U+0092>s so many things we can do so much better than films. But there are a few things like battles and creatures where thereÂ<U+0092>s a brute force financial component to doing those well, and it involves being very creative and selective about how you show those things to make them achievable. We donÂ<U+0092>t want them to look like a Playstation 2 game, we want it to look at the same level [of quality] as the rest of the show.
557	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-20	So what great scenes did they have instead of the crappy version of a battle? A pointless drinking game just to give an actress more screen time, or Tyrion being knocked out like so many bad comedies? (carry on films come to mind here).
558	King_Baratheon	2011-06-20	I finally managed to read through all the posts here, and I've noticed that no one seems to have the same theory on the Mirri/Dani thing that I do, based on:Mirri's comments before the blood magic scene.If Jorah had not carried Dani into the tent, the baby would have been fine (that is, this is what I believe).The stillborn fetus is described as being somewhat dragon-like.I always thought that Mirri knew that Drogo would "live" in a vegetative state (although it doesn't make sense to me unless he was already dead), and that the horse's life was used to "power" this. It also seemed that Jorah carrying Dany into the tent was a critical mistake. If it did not matter, why make a point of having it play out that way?But here's the key point: There's every reason to believe that Dani had a live normal baby, until she was carried into the tent, then gave birth to some reptilian thing. THEN, she is able to hatch fossilized dragon eggs. I always believed that the horse paid for Drogo's "life", but the baby paid for the dragon eggs coming to life. They were in the tent, and I assumed that they were able to suck the life out of Dani's baby as an unintended side effect of Mirri's blood magic. If not, what else explains the miraculous births of the 3 dragons?For what it's worth, I never felt that Mirri was plotting Drogo/Rhaego's deaths from the beginning. I always read her response to Dani as an after-the-fact justification, along the lines of, "Well, it's a shame it didn't work out, but I really don't care. I never really liked your husband or your baby anyway."Also, when she's saying Dani knew the price, I don't think she meant the stillbirth--I think she meant that Dani "knew" that Drogo would not be fully alive. Of course, I also don't tend to assume that characters are always telling the truth or saying what they really think. Given the situation, I tend to read Mirri as someone being defensive after a big fuck-up--even bigger than she expected.Interestingly, after watching the last show, I now also wonder if Mirri's life also was necessary as part of the "price" for bringing the dragons back, but I still think that Jorah carrying Dani into the tent where there were dragon eggs and "dancing dead" was the critical event that altered "world" history.Anyone else see it that way? In particular, anyone else agree that Dani's baby's life was spent animating dragons, not Drogo?-VMI completely agree with all the zbove. I've always thought this was the case with Drogo, Mirri Maz Dur, Rhaego, and the Dragons. I thought it was common knowledge until I started reading forums and talking to other readers
559	Unnamed	2011-06-21	I completely agree with all the zbove. I've always thought this was the case with Drogo, Mirri Maz Dur, Rhaego, and the Dragons. I thought it was common knowledge until I started reading forums and talking to other readersThanks...it makes me feel a little less like a lone nut.-VM
560	gullyfoyle	2011-06-26	Just finished reading Game of Thrones and have started on Clash of Kings, and I agree with this theory. Each dragon needed a death to bring it to life. Drogo, Rhaego and Mirri Maz Duur were the sacrifices.
561	Ashara	2011-06-27	Also: no Tower of Joy? What the hay, D&D? I know you're in the know, and will continue to tease us about it like GRRM doesI just finally caught up with the last 2 episodes, and it appears that most of the "positive Rhaegar"/"hints about Jon" were completely eliminated. All we've got were straightforward, Robert's version of events (repeated by Bran). I presume this is to prevent confusion, but I am wondering about a vehicle to convey the alternative interpretation. Will it all be just left to Mira and Jojen?
					
					
							Edited by Ashara, 27 June 2011 - 08:15 AM.
562	Daemrion	2012-01-14	I just saw a bit of the episode whilst channel surfing and I'm wondering why there was snow at Whispering Wood?? I thought there was no snow in the Riverlands yet.
563	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-14	I'm not sure if there's a better place to put this, so I'll put it here.
I'm worried.  I've been reading comments from non-readers, and hearing about them from readers who have been watching with non-reader friends.  Those comments are very critical of Ned's death.  A lot of them have stated in no uncertain terms that they will not be back.  It stems from a number of different things Â<U+0096> 
1. Some people just hate watching a show that rips their heart out.  They want to be entertained.  SOME sad moments are okay, but something like this crosses the line.
2. Some people are huge Sean Bean fans and feel that without him and his incredible presence, there isn't a reason to watch.
3. Some people haven't significantly connected with any of the other characters, and given that TV is character driven, there isn't a reason to stick around.
My personal feeling is that all of those sentiments have merit.  Those are legitimate feelings.  Sure, as readers of the book, we know that there is a treasure trove of great story and character development remaining in GRRM's novels.  But non-readers don't know that.  They're too blinded by their anger or sadness to respond positively to what often come across as arrogant appeals from GRRM fans.
Whether you agree or disagree with the sentiments, they exist.  People are upset.  They're leaving.  The question is: will the show survive?  We know they've been given a second season, which is good news.  But none of us want to see the show end after season two.  
What do you think will happen?  Are a lot of these people just reacting emotionally when in reality they'll be back for more next year?  Will the show pick up enough new viewers to offset the ones who bail and where will those viewers come from?  Will there be other things that offset the loss of these viewers to create a sustainable series, such as high DVD/BluRay sales, or budget cuts?  Is anyone else as worried about season three as I am?
					
					
							Edited by Datepalm, 14 June 2011 - 03:14 PM.
564	MrDoog	2011-06-14	I'd guess that the vast majority of those people will be back. If a show manages to evoke that much feeling with viewers then it's worth watching - and smart viewers will realise that.
Some of my favourite shows frequently killed off key characters such as the Sopranos, Band of Brothers and OZ and all of these programs pulled in pretty impressive ratings despite character deaths. I wouldn't worry about it.
565	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-14	I'd guess that the vast majority of those people will be back. If a show manages to evoke that much feeling with viewers then it's worth watching - and smart viewers will realise that.Some of my favourite shows frequently killed off key characters such as the Sopranos, Band of Brothers and OZ and all of these programs pulled in pretty impressive ratings despite character deaths. I wouldn't worry about it.I've seen some of those comparisons made.  But with The Sopranos, imagine that Tony was killed off at the end of Season 1 (I never watched the show, but I know that he was the main character).  Would it have had the run it had?  Would people have come back?That's how a lot of people viewed Ned Stark.  Maybe not to quite the same extent as Tony Soprano, but not far off either.  I agree with your first statement - the smart viewers will be back.  Those viewers will understand that Ned's death creates a much richer story line and opens the door for other characters to step into the void - characters that are more nuanced.  My worry is that HBO doesn't get paid for the intelligence of its viewers.  It gets paid for the number of eyeballs.  I hope the show can survive the loss of the less intelligent ones.
566	tarantella	2011-06-14	If the show didn't make many people connect to any character other than Ned, that's the show's failure.  I didn't that impression myself, though.  Almost all the actors are doing a great job, and I don't see how anyone can't be interested in what happens to Tyrion or Jaime, or Arya, or exactly what drives Varys to do what he does, or just what the hell kind of person this Stannis guy is everyone keeps bringing up.
But again, yeah, we've read the books, so we already know these are interesting characters worth reading about.  I don't remember Ned's death coming as much of a shock when I read AGOT, probably because I'd heard to expect that sort of thing before I started reading it.  I definitely felt 
	Spoiler  the Red Wedding though 
 - I never intended to drop the series, but I did put the book down for a while after a "what the hell" kind of moment.  I imagine a lot of non-readers just had that "what the hell" moment a couple of days ago.  Hopefully they'll come out of it.
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:43 PM.
567	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-14	When I was reading, after Ned died, I didn't pick up my jaw for 15 minutes.  I then immediately called my friend who had given me the book and yelled at him for a good ten minutes.  I was not only surprised, I was PISSED.  
Now, that didn't hurt enough for me to stop reading, but TV appeals much more to those with shorter attention spans.  I think one source of consolation is that Lost thrived despite confusing the crap out of its viewers for six years.  But network TV vs HBO...it's a different animal.
568	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-14	Spoilers for future books:
	Spoiler  I dont know. It was not only the story that kept me interested in GoT but also all the details and the POV format where you only know what the character know and you need to make up in your mind what actually hapened. In TV that is too explicit, yet at the same time you dont get to know what is going inside the characterÂ´s head. In the TV you dont have the dreams, the emotions, the conflicts, the desires, the memories and the stories that make the book great. Damn, I just finished reading Storm of Swords and Sansa remembers a memory from her childhood where she remember that Jory was laughing while stoping a fight between her and Arya. Jory, the guy who died fighting Jaime in 2 seconds while being stabed in the eye. In the book I felt sadness when Jory died because I KNEW Jory, just as I knew Rodrick Cassel, Maester Luwin, Old Nan, Micken and everyone that has some small importance for the characters. In the series? Cool, look at that move Jaime had against that Ned bodyguard. Im re-reading the books right now and I was shocked when Ygrite and Old Bear Mormont died because I didnt remember they died nor how. In the show I doubt people will bother. 

I also think the series suffers because it doesnt let the moments breath. All scenes of importance are too quick and doesnt have time to develop themselves. It makes the series look like a documentary.
Now, the TV series forgot all these small awesome details and focused on the story, and the story is Starks VS Lannisters. They even added extra scenes showing Jaime and Ned having conflicts between themselves. ANd the good guys lost. Now, when that happens in movies I usually end up hating the movie. No matter how realistic it is, if the good guys lose I will hate it. Its fiction, Im old enough to know that reality isnt like that. And Im glad GoT isnt like that, but because its deep, complex and has a lot of imagination. The TV series doesnt. Not only its suposed to be LOTR meets Sopranos, they dont have any good battle and they ended up killing the main series anchor.
Ill keep watching but I think many people will drop it.
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:41 PM.
							
								hide spoilers
569	Leuf	2011-06-14	I think that's why the episode focused as much as it did on Tyrion and why they saved the Tysha story for it.  He's had the best lines throughout the series.  They've got the last ep to build up all the remaining characters.
The problem with next season is after this season ends big for Dany 
	Spoiler  she has basically nothing to do for a very long time.   Asking a tv audience to endure a totally separate plot line that just goes on and on for years is a lot.

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:45 PM.
570	So1ar	2011-06-14	as much as i love this books i think ned's death will hurt the show tbh. we stuck it through because we knew these characters inside and out. we were in their heads and knew their every fear and desire. in television you don't get that. you see these characters from the outside and the few enough that are likeable you route for. ned stark was the main character for this show. maybe not so much in the books but for the tv show he was the man. now that he's gone i can't see the vast majority of non-readers sticking around because of arya, tyrion, jon, robb, and dany. if you asked a reader of the novels if they would stick around the answer is most definitely yes. that is because we know these characters inside and out and want to see them progress through the story. i can't see non-readers having as much of an emotional attachment to these other characters and thus, not sticking with the show.
571	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-14	I think that's why the episode focused as much as it did on Tyrion and why they saved the Tysha story for it.  He's had the best lines throughout the series.  They've got the last ep to build up all the remaining characters.The problem with next season is after this season ends big for Dany 
	Spoiler  she has basically nothing to do for a very long time.  Asking a tv audience to endure a totally separate plot line that just goes on and on for years is a lot. 
Heck, asking that of book readers is a lot.  I would always groan to myself whenever I saw Daenerys at the top of the next page.  I did enjoy her chapters more the second time through, but they're still so detached that it's hard to get invested in them.
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:45 PM.
572	AquariumDrinker	2011-06-14	As long as the cgi looks good, I think we will have a finale with a lot of excitement.
Also, 
	Spoiler there will be Tyrion headed to Kings Landing to straighten Joff out, I think that will be handled with heavy emphasis on Tyrion taking charge of things and correcting mistakes and will keep people interested in next season
 as well as the Starks winning the war. I think that the series will end with a hint of excitement about the coming season and with a promise of vengeance for the Starks. Season 2 will be the key to the series survival.
573	uryu ishida	2011-06-14	No doubt there will be people who drop the show because of Ned's death, but I think we overestimate their numbers due to disproportionate press coverage.  Most people who put so much emotion into the show are now committed to seeing its resolution, much like the readers were.  Plus all the press coverage about what a controversial move this was can only be a good thing, I think.
574	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-14	[mod] If a thread isn't marked specifically as BOOK SPOILERS, assume that it's a NO SPOILER thread. From now on, please put all book spoilers (and Ep 10 spoilers) under the spoiler tags. Thank you. [/mod]
575	Lord of Groans	2011-06-14	I think it's a legitimate concern. Ned is the main character, or hero, in the first book and his quest doesn't end well. Without some investment in the other characters, I can see why viewers that haven't read the books would feel a little bit alienated.
576	gogorath	2011-06-14	Not worried.  
A lot less people will leave than claim they will.  And a lot more people will prostelytize between now and Season 2.  DVDs will be lent as the buzz continues.
Furthermore, what's the point in worry?  The story's not the same without these things.  There should be zero discussion of changing major plot points -- there's no point in a GoT series that changes for a perceived worry that people won't like the story (which I think is silly anyway).
577	gogorath	2011-06-14	I think it's a legitimate concern. Ned is the main character, or hero, in the first book and his quest doesn't end well. Without some investment in the other characters, I can see why viewers that haven't read the books would feel a little bit alienated.I have no idea why you think there would be no investment in other characters.  I had a friend write me today and say "I like how they transitioned the focus from Ned to Robb."  Dany, Tyrion and Jon, at minimum, get as much screen time.  Yes, none are as noble, but most are more entertaining.
578	gogorath	2011-06-14	i can't see the vast majority of non-readers sticking aroundReally?  The "vast majority"?  Good lord, I had two friends I was watching with express relief Ned was dead because "He was an idiot" and "I was tired of his whining."  Ned Stark felt like the central character because he fit the heroic profile, but I doubt the "vast majority" of the non-readers even thought of him as their favorite character, much less the only character they cared about.This is a set of viewers who love Raylen Givens, Dexter, Stringer Bell and Al Swearengen, right?  I guess I really don't understand the doom and gloom.
579	The Sand Snake	2011-06-14	My friends are legit threating not too watch the show in the wake of Ned's death.  I even warned them that someone verrrry important would die this season.  I think its pretty funny and I also think that they'll relent and eventually keep watching. the shows too good not too just stick it out and by now.both of them have picked up the books and are 100 or so pages in. 
People actually reading the books will help keep viewers I think to
580	WinterBreeze	2011-06-14	Well not to worry Ned fans! His son Rob really takes after him and will likely fill the void in your hearts.
581	Captain Tripps	2011-06-14	I honestly think (and hope) it will get more people into the books, especially with the year long wait between this and the next season.  They already have an emotional attachment, negative or positive, either generate interest.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 14 June 2011 - 07:29 PM.
582	So1ar	2011-06-14	Ned Stark felt like the central character because he fit the heroic profile, but I doubt the "vast majority" of the non-readers even thought of him as their favorite character, much less the only character they cared about.well the non-readers that i've talked to all said ned was their favorite by far. sure they liked jon and tyrion, but ned was the man. also, i didn't say he was the only character i felt non-readers cared about. what i did say was i got the impression that they didn't care enough about the other characters to keep watching. since there is only one episode left i'm sure alot of people will tune in for it. but the second season is already been green-lit so who cares. we'll at least get two seasons.
583	Mad Queen	2011-06-14	I think some people should definitely stop watching now, because if Ned's death has upset them so much, other events in the future will scar them for life. This kind of story won't please everybody. But I doubt that the "vast majority" of non-readers will stop watching. On TWoP, for instance, only a couple of non-book readers said they MIGHT. And I predict the season finale will set a new record in viewership.
584	Eve	2011-06-14	Ned's death happened in the first book, yet people are waiting impatiently for the FIFTH book to come out.  I really think after this initial shock, the viewers will continue to watch.
585	fall from grace	2011-06-14	well the non-readers that i've talked to all said ned was their favorite by far. sure they liked jon and tyrion, but ned was the man. also, i didn't say he was the only character i felt non-readers cared about. what i did say was i got the impression that they didn't care enough about the other characters to keep watching. since there is only one episode left i'm sure alot of people will tune in for it. but the second season is already been green-lit so who cares. we'll at least get two seasons.I have about five non-reader friends that are watching, and even though the majority of them are Sean Bean fans, none of them consider Ned to be their favorite character. All of them love Arya and Tyrion and many of them like the Dany story. They all seemed pretty shocked over Ned's death, but are excited to see next week's episode - two of them even mentioned that they picked up book one. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />That being said...
	Spoiler  I'm totally not going to continue watching if Drogo dies. /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' /> /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
586	Ser_Niall	2011-06-14	I think the show will be fine.  The characters in the book that keep me reading, as well as many others, are who I consider the real "main characters" of the story: Jon Snow and Dany Targaryen (also Jaime and Cersei, but less so than the previous).  In hindsight, the show probably should have played up these two more because they will be carrying the series in the long run.  It might have been a bad casting decision to put Sean Bean as Ned Stark, because people automatically think that the big name actors will be around for a long time.  If an unknown was playing Ned, non-readers wouldn't be as upset about his death.  However, with Bean in the role, it made the scene that much more emotional.
The 2nd season will be a challenge.  Lots of good storytelling here, but in my opinion its more about the war, and less about character development.  Season 3, if the show makes it there, will be incredible.  Storm of Swords is my personal favorite of the series so far, and it really develops several characters, like Jon and Jaime.
587	The Dude	2011-06-14	Ned's death happened in the first book, yet people are waiting impatiently for the FIFTH book to come out.  I really think after this initial shock, the viewers will continue to watch.Yes, a good number of us got over this fact in book one and have stuck with the series despite being strung along for years and suffering worse than Ned's death.I think his death only serves to draw us in deeper (readers and viewers). He's totally set up as the tragic figure, but we don't see it first. We just go along assuming the standard tropes that major protagonists don't get killed off. Yes in hindsight we see that it was inevitable. Yes, it was upsetting but also exhilarating because there's real fear and consequences within GRRMs story.It's what keeps us coming back, too
588	Brush Guy	2011-06-15	Well not to worry Ned fans! His son Rob really takes after him and will likely fill the void in your hearts.
	Spoiler You bastard. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
589	ferthepoet	2011-06-15	Honestly, does anyone really thinks HBO would have done themselves a better serving by keeping Ned Alive, turning away possibly all the readers?
590	Skillet	2011-06-15	I know this is a small sample size, but...http://www.sodahead....estion-1883435/
At the time I posted this, 115 people said that killing Ned (and thus staying true to the books) was a good move, as opposed to 5 people who said that for the sake of the series he should have been spared. I'm one of the 115, and I imagine that at least 95% of the viewership will NOT tune out just because Sean Bean is gone.
Ned's dead, baby. Ned's dead.
591	Asarlai	2011-06-15	The non-reader I watch with loved the show, and his favorite part was the Robert-Ned dynamic. Bam, bam, they both died. He's also been looking forward to Drogo invading...
Come to think of it, Ned-Robert was my favorite part, too, but the book does a better job of playing up the other characters, and I liked the Jon parts a lot, too, then other parts like Arya. Hopefully the Robb scenes will be much better without the Cat "my little boy fighting a war" POV.
592	Black Sheep	2011-06-15	I don't think that anyone who said he's gonna quit watching will really quit. There's only one episode remaining this season, and everyone is gonna watch it, if only to see if the good guys are gonna get their vengeance.
Then you'll have a year wait until season 2, and with so many non-readers claiming it's the best thing they've ever seen on TV, it's hard to imagine after such a long wait (well, not so long in our experience...) they won't tune in to get the rest of the story. And I think everyone is gonna get over the loss of Sean Bean.
593	Asarlai	2011-06-15	Most people will keep watching in spite of the loss of Ned, but will they actually get over it? Should they?
594	TripleOZero	2011-06-15	I don't think the death of Ned will impact viewership. HBO has already set a precedent for this. 
[INCOMING DEADWOOD SPOILER] (yeah, go figure...)
In Deadwood, Wild Bill Hickok was set up as a fan favorite in the first three episodes. At the end of the fourth episode, he gets murdered without any warning.  He was simply shot and that was that. The series used his character to make an early statement that no one is safe, even characters that viewers may love. Those who were not familiar with the source material (in this case, 'Wild West' history) would have never saw it coming. 
I kept watching anyway.
Sounds familiar?
595	Ellroy	2011-06-15	Honestly? Even if the TV show bombs because the audience cannot cohexists with some autentic storytelling I really don't care. If people do not want to be challenged that's not the show for them. 
ASoIaF is meant to be depressing and shocking and if they change the core of the story to please the audience I would be really pissed. Better if they leave now because it's only the beginning of a very dark ride and the thing will get very worst before they begin to get better (I mean, book 5 on the horizon and things are still looking pretty badly /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />).
At the end, I still have my books and for me the TV series (while excellent in itself) is just a nice and entartaining extra. I'll buy the DVD and what not, but most of all because of GRRM's interview.
What disturbs me most is the lack of sophistication and the sense of entitlement of the viewing public. I mean, by the part was so upset by Ned's death: their criticism are far from legitimate. ASoIaF has a story. If you do not like it stop watching the show: no one is forcing you.
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 15 June 2011 - 05:13 AM.
596	Ser Pistus	2011-06-15	1. Some people just hate watching a show that rips their heart out.  They want to be entertained.  SOME sad moments are okay, but something like this crosses the line.Are there a lot of such hardcore Ned-fans? When I read the book, I liked Ned because he is a good guy, and I rooted for him to succeed with his investigation. But he was never my favorite, and I guess most readers (and viewers) like Tyrion and/or Arya best - like I did.
597	ferthepoet	2011-06-15	Yah I think the death of Ned is the least of the threats to Game of Thrones viability, the biggest threats are I think:
1.  The cost of producing the show which should be among the highest ever for a TV production
2.  Real life game breaking events, for example, if Dinkleage or Masie Williams were to die it could be doom for the series as I think no one would accept recast of those roles or the show without those characters.  
3. The volatility of the reader fan base. I think most of us readers have all been contributing to the success of the show, and I would dare bet that each reader has practically forced at least one non reader be a friend, family member or significant other to watch the show.  But the reader fan base could turn on the show at any moment if they do a sufficiently significant deviation from the books.  Keeping faithful to the books would be a huge task and definitely impossible if they do intend to adapt the whole of ASOS in 10 episodes.
4. Another show becoming the network darling, right now HBO seems to be very happy with the show and could even be considered more popular than previous flagship True Blood, but if another show in the network became much more popular than thrones while at the same time being much cheaper to produce it could lead to HBO giving thrones the Ax.
598	gotthammer	2011-06-15	Well not to worry Ned fans! His son Rob really takes after him and will likely fill the void in your hearts. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
599	Dracarys!	2011-06-15	I don't think it will suffer that much - the story offers many other characters besides Ned one can root for.
I converted many of my non-reader friends to the TV series and most of them were shocked that such a seemingly important character was offed, but they didn't threaten to stop watching. Actually I think it only piqued their interest and made them focus on other characters (they all love Tyrion and Arya).
On another hand, I have a friend who read aGoT and was so pissed at Ned's death that she stopped reading altogether /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
					
					
							Edited by Dracarys!, 15 June 2011 - 05:37 AM.
600	Xanderpanda	2011-06-15	The thing that bothers me about most the raging I've seen in various forums, news article comments etc is the weird belief that none of the other characters can hold the show. Episode 8 and 9 barely had any Ned yet people were highly praising them until he died and now they act like the show can't possibly be good without him.
Some of the comments on the HBO thread are funny to read but scary too. Honestly though I think in the end the majority of people will tune in for the final and get over it. Those that don't wont effect the viewership much especially considering the rise season 2 will probably receive from buzz anyway.
601	Nihilist	2011-06-15	Most people I know who watch the show are not going to continue.
Main complaints:
"This doesn't make sense, really unbelievable"
"Ned Stark dies!"
"Why didn't we see any battle at all? They build up for nothing?"
"I can't hear what he is saying over the moaning whore."
And all legitimate. Don't really blame them for it.
602	ferthepoet	2011-06-15	Most people I know who watch the show are not going to continue.Main complaints:"This doesn't make sense, really unbelievable""Ned Stark dies!""Why didn't we see any battle at all? They build up for nothing?""I can't hear what he is saying over the moaning whore."And all legitimate. Don't really blame them for it.The First two I don't think are legitimate at all, The second two though, yah, they need to work on that for the second season
603	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	As long as the cgi looks good, I think we will have a finale with a lot of excitement.Also, 
	Spoiler there will be Tyrion headed to Kings Landing to straighten Joff out, I think that will be handled with heavy emphasis on Tyrion taking charge of things and correcting mistakes and will keep people interested in next season
 as well as the Starks winning the war. I think that the series will end with a hint of excitement about the coming season and with a promise of vengeance for the Starks. Season 2 will be the key to the series survival.If the add the sentence 
	Spoiler Im going to do justice
 then we have a winner.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 15 June 2011 - 07:16 AM.
604	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	I have no idea why you think there would be no investment in other characters.  I had a friend write me today and say "I like how they transitioned the focus from Ned to Robb."  Dany, Tyrion and Jon, at minimum, get as much screen time.  Yes, none are as noble, but most are more entertaining.Yes, Robb is the hope of house stark. That means the starks can still win (and they have Jaime).
605	Nihilist	2011-06-15	The First two I don't think are legitimate at all, The second two though, yah, they need to work on that for the second seasonA lot of things in this adaptation don't make any sense...How Tywin's scouts can mistake 2,000 for 20,000 for instance. How Roz can teleport to King's landing. Or how Tyrion and Bronn survive with no food or horses in the Vale.
					
					
							Edited by Nihilist, 15 June 2011 - 07:25 AM.
606	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	I think many devastated viewers will find that they are emotionally attached to the series when things calm down. Good art really moves you, both for good and bad, and from the reaction I've seen among non-readers this death has touched them more than almost any other in film and TV history. That's good writing and I think that the disappointment will turn into curiosity.
As a side note I want to give props to TripleOZero for warning about the Deadwood spoiler. Some morons don't understand that you don't spoil other shows freely and I've had some shows I've been interested in spoiled on this board. Now I've already seen Deadwood but I still appreciated the warning and good deeds should be noticed.
607	aimlessgun	2011-06-15	Hopefully people will understand that their shock and rage and grief is a good thing.However, I respect that some people simply don't want that in their entertainment. I had a conversation with a guy (in relation to different material) that he had enough real tragedy in his life that he wasn't looking for it on the screen.
608	Abaddon	2011-06-15	Most people will keep watching in spite of the loss of Ned, but will they actually get over it? Should they?Aw hell, I'm still not 'over it'.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> Doesn't mean it didn't have to be done.
609	Abaddon	2011-06-15	What disturbs me most is the lack of sophistication and the sense of entitlement of the viewing public. I mean, by the part was so upset by Ned's death: their criticism are far from legitimate. ASoIaF has a story. If you do not like it stop watching the show: no one is forcing you.You're being unfair and unrealistic.  I bet a ton of readers had the same reaction, it's just it wasn't everyone all at once, spamming twitter/blogs/etc.  In addition, we readers could immediately move on to the next chapter and read the conclusion, where the TV audience that has not read the books has a week to stew before getting the conclusion to the season.People are reacting in the heat of the moment, and the depth of the reaction is an indication that the audience is truly hooked.  Perhaps a small percentage of viewers (those who came only for Sean Bean, for example) might be done, but I am confident the vast majority of the most vocally negative are just as hooked as we are.
610	Isabella Stark	2011-06-15	I think the tv show will lose some viewers the same way there are plenty of readers out there who stopped reading because they got sick of getting attached to characters and then watching them die.  People have different needs for their entertainment.
That said, I think Ned's death will really help GOT's reputation as a groundbreaking, rulebreaking tv show, and that will attract viewers.  Entertainment Weekly called it "one of the most shocking twists in TV history."  That's gonna attract some attention.  People will want to see what the fuss is about.  Non-reader viewers are gonna make new people watch, just so they can see their reaction when Ned dies:)
When GOT first premiered, there were naysayers who said, "looks like just another fantasy show to me."  And fans exercised great self restraint in not saying, "but major characters get killed!!"  Now word will get out, and maybe some people who weren't initially attracted will take a second look.
Also, I think plenty of viewers got attached to other characters like Arya and Tyrion.  They're really curious about what's beyond the wall, and want to see the Starks get revenge.  By the end of Ep 10,  I think plenty of people are going to want to find out what happens next.
611	gogorath	2011-06-15	well the non-readers that i've talked to all said ned was their favorite by far. sure they liked jon and tyrion, but ned was the man. also, i didn't say he was the only character i felt non-readers cared about. what i did say was i got the impression that they didn't care enough about the other characters to keep watching. since there is only one episode left i'm sure alot of people will tune in for it. but the second season is already been green-lit so who cares. we'll at least get two seasons.It wasn't that I don't believe there are people like that out there, but you (and others) are acting like this will be a ratings apocalypse ("vast majority").  I'll believe it when I see it.  I suppose it's possible that my friends are more likely to accept / be enthralled by a plot twist like this, but I doubt it.
612	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-15	Are there a lot of such hardcore Ned-fans? When I read the book, I liked Ned because he is a good guy, and I rooted for him to succeed with his investigation. But he was never my favorite, and I guess most readers (and viewers) like Tyrion and/or Arya best - like I did.I was a hardcore Ned fan.  I loved his refusal to compromise his principles (except for the sake of his daughters' lives at the very end).  I loved that he wouldn't get involved in the game.  He was definitely my favorite character.  I was very upset when he died.  So I can easily see how there would be plenty of people who really got behind Ned in the TV series as well.  He was the good guy who was easy to root for.
613	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-15	Hopefully people will understand that their shock and rage and grief is a good thing.However, I respect that some people simply don't want that in their entertainment. I had a conversation with a guy (in relation to different material) that he had enough real tragedy in his life that he wasn't looking for it on the screen.I almost quit the show Lost for similar reasons.  I was entertained through season 3, but then they kept asking more questions and creating more mysteries without giving us answers.  There was all this extra online stuff that you could watch and read to help you understand.  I was thinking, "What the hell?  This is a TV show.  I don't want to have to do homework for it to be enjoyable!"  I ultimately stayed with it because the writing and acting was good, but I know several people who abandoned it.I hope it was merely a vocal minority who expressed their disgust, and that most who are upset will stick around to see a good story.  I'm more confident of that today than I was yesterday.  You all have allayed my fears somewhat.
					
					
							Edited by The Knight of Grasses, 15 June 2011 - 02:04 PM.
614	ser_nerdick	2011-06-15	I think many devastated viewers will find that they are emotionally attached to the series when things calm down. Good art really moves you, both for good and bad, and from the reaction I've seen among non-readers this death has touched them more than almost any other in film and TV history.Seriously? Now I wish I hadn't read the books... I'd think the tv series is spectacular!
615	Cat O'Nine	2011-06-15	Also, I think plenty of viewers got attached to other characters like Arya and Tyrion.  They're really curious about what's beyond the wall, and want to see the Starks get revenge.  By the end of Ep 10,  I think plenty of people are going to want to find out what happens next.THIS!!!I know several non-readers who are watching the series and all have been hugely impressed. Several are now reading the books. One of them is reading them because he wants to see 'that little shit Joffrey bite it' and refuses to wait for the series to find out if this actually happens and said that for a few moments after watching it he actually understood those people who play shout at soap actors in the streets. He swears if Jack Gleeson had been in the room he would have decked him. My Dad was a bit shocked by the manner of his passing but not actually surprised that it happened and my brother had been calling him 'Dead Ned Walking' for weeks. Dad actually made point I've thought for a long time. Game of Thrones is about clearing out the old men, their war was done 15 years earlier, this is a young man (or woman's) war, the rest of the books/series will be about seeing how that plays out. Everyone I know who is watching wants to keep going.Something I have noticed though, it is not Ned's death that is the kicker for my friends and relatives. Up until he died many of them were actually pointing out how stupid/naive/dumb they thought Ned was and how he'd have to change his tactics or take a hard fall. They liked him but saw him as a noble fool and possibly a bit of a relic. What really got them was Joffrey's betrayal contrasted with Ned's nobility at the very end. Suddenly they are utterly apoplectic and want VENGEANCE, NOW, IN BIG CAPITAL LETTERS.
					
					
							Edited by Cat O'Nine, 15 June 2011 - 04:06 PM.
616	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	Seriously? Now I wish I hadn't read the books... I'd think the tv series is spectacular!I would hope that the death in the book gave you a similar feeling and being sold on a book series is always better than being sold on a TV series as the book medium is significantly deeper than anything shown on a screen.
617	Lion of Venice	2011-06-15	I wouldn't worry about viewers leaving the show because of a character death, if they care so much it means that they love the show, and that's a good thing! If on the other hand no one complained about Ned's death it would have been a bad sign.
Plus, plenty of interesting things should happen in the final episode of this season, those will keep the viewers interested I'm sure.
618	Brienne the Beauty	2011-06-15	Strong feelings are what makes a hit show. Almost no-one will quit the show because of Ned's death, but many will swear they will, which should get others to watch the repeats to see what the fuss is about. Result = big viewing figures next year.
Those who do not like sad or tragic shows will never like ASOIAF. It is not 100% bleak and cynical, but those elements are woven through the whole story. They can't be lost viewers because they'd have never liked it anyway, without completely neutering the story and removing all the drama.
619	Mortagon	2011-06-15	I have several friends who haven't read the books. Their reactions to Ned's early demise was mixed, some saw it coming, some just stared at the screen in disbelief, and a couple even cried. But none of them said they would quit watching, quite to the contrary, if anything this shocking twist strengthened their dedication to the show (and their hatred towards Joffrey /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />). 
Of course there will always be those that gets so upset that they quit watching, but TV shows have lost viewers over lesser things. I have firm belief that most will tune in to the last episode, and with all the buzz I'll bet they'll attract even more viewers. When season 2 arrives I think the show will have a really strong fanbase, and if it can keep up with the quality of season one, I'm pretty sure we'll see a third season.
620	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	Seriously? Now I wish I hadn't read the books... I'd think the tv series is spectacular!Well, it is one of the best books Ive ever readed.The best TV show Ive ever seen is Babylon 5 and GoT hasnt beat it, at least not yet (and probabily wont since I already know all the story).An amazing book beats an amazing series always.I would hope that the death in the book gave you a similar feeling and being sold on a book series is always better than being sold on a TV series as the book medium is significantly deeper than anything shown on a screen.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 15 June 2011 - 05:53 PM.
621	uryu ishida	2011-06-15	A lot of things in this adaptation don't make any sense...How Tywin's scouts can mistake 2,000 for 20,000 for instance. How Roz can teleport to King's landing. Or how Tyrion and Bronn survive with no food or horses in the Vale.A lot of things in any TV show don't make sense, even excellent TV shows.  Hell a lot of things from the books don't make any sense either.  Sounds like you and your friends are nitpicking for the sake of nitpicking.Also, the show clearly shows Tyrion and Bronn with food.  And once they meet up with the hill tribes, seems pretty easy to get out of the Vale.  It's not a very far distance from the Eyrie to the Trident, and there's a well-traveled road the entire way.
					
					
							Edited by uryu ishida, 15 June 2011 - 08:53 PM.
622	Curethan	2011-06-15	Whatever they lose in veiwers, they will make up more in people who want to know what made the former cry so hard.
623	Aquaman43	2011-06-16	THIS!!!I know several non-readers who are watching the series and all have been hugely impressed. Several are now reading the books. One of them is reading them because he wants to see 'that little shit Joffrey bite it' and refuses to wait for the series to find out if this actually happens and said that for a few moments after watching it he actually understood those people who play shout at soap actors in the streets. He swears if Jack Gleeson had been in the room he would have decked him. My Dad was a bit shocked by the manner of his passing but not actually surprised that it happened and my brother had been calling him 'Dead Ned Walking' for weeks. Dad actually made point I've thought for a long time. Game of Thrones is about clearing out the old men, their war was done 15 years earlier, this is a young man (or woman's) war, the rest of the books/series will be about seeing how that plays out. Everyone I know who is watching wants to keep going.Something I have noticed though, it is not Ned's death that is the kicker for my friends and relatives. Up until he died many of them were actually pointing out how stupid/naive/dumb they thought Ned was and how he'd have to change his tactics or take a hard fall. They liked him but saw him as a noble fool and possibly a bit of a relic. What really got them was Joffrey's betrayal contrasted with Ned's nobility at the very end. Suddenly they are utterly apoplectic and want VENGEANCE, NOW, IN BIG CAPITAL LETTERS.Summed up perfectly. I watch with two non-readers. They were shocked, but they still love the show. As soon as it was over Sunday, my son grabbed my Kindle and queued up AGoT to start reading.
624	Narrow C	2011-06-16	Ned Stark = Sirius Black. The character, while beloved, no longer served a purpose, and had to go. (Replace Sirius with Gandalf/Obi-Wan/Leto Atreides as needed.)
Any person watching the series expecting it to be a nice little Tolkeinesque fantasy series where awful things don't happen should probably have let that notion go as soon as they saw Jamie doggie-styling his sister...
Have there been any movies or series where Sean Bean was still alive at the end? LotR, Patriot Games, GoT... maybe Troy?
Had Ned LIVED, you would have seen desertions from the book-readers...
					
					
							Edited by Narrow C, 16 June 2011 - 03:05 PM.
625	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-16	Have there been any movies or series where Sean Bean was still alive at the end? LotR, Patriot Games, GoT... maybe Troy?Sharpe
626	TMWNN	2011-06-17	[After a very important moment in the books] I never intended to drop the series, but I did put the book down for a while after a "what the hell" kind of moment.  I imagine a lot of non-readers just had that "what the hell" moment a couple of days ago.  Hopefully they'll come out of it.I agree with those who say that the so-called threat of viewers permanently quitting the show en masse is grossly exaggerated, and is being driven to some extent by media coverage over the novelty of HBO's action.That said, if there really is a meaningful number of viewers who vowed to stop watching after the execution, the fact that this is not a daily show likely helps. The week between episodes gives traumatized viewers the chance to calm down and reflect on their true feelings about the show. If, like US broadcast-network miniseries, HBO aired Game of Thrones on 10 consecutive days, this might not happen.
627	TMWNN	2011-06-17	But with The Sopranos, imagine that Tony was killed off at the end of Season 1 (I never watched the show, but I know that he was the main character).  Would it have had the run it had?  Would people have come back?That's how a lot of people viewed Ned Stark.  Maybe not to quite the same extent as Tony Soprano, but not far off either.I never also watched The Sopranos; not into mob shows. However, to answer your question, if Tony had died in as compelling a storytelling fashion as Ned did, yes, I think people would have returned. The onus would of course have been on The Sopranos' cast and crew to continue to offer quality entertainment without James Gandolfini, just as the onus is now on the people behind Game of Thrones. Fortunately, its actors and writers have one benefit over the older HBO show: Source material of proven high quality.
628	ferthepoet	2011-06-17	If you have been watching the show you know it's an ensemble show, it's not the kind of show where you have one character carry the weight of the show, people are talking like if this was killing House in the first season house or Dexter in the first season of Dexter, but this show is called Game of Thrones not Eddard, and airtime wise Eddard was barely present in the last two episodes before his demise.
629	Xanderpanda	2011-06-17	http://tvovermind.za...e-thrones/61889
read some of the comments, I face palmed a few times...
630	oneeye	2011-06-17	Ned was the main character in the first book, and especially to people who had not read more "hard" fantasy it was a shock. I kept reading though because of the kids, and Tyrion, never dreaming Jaime would become such an interesting character later.
Having said that scifi/fantasy/history documentaries have been struggling these last years in the ratings anyway unfortunately, but my ranting won't help.
631	Carldog	2011-06-17	If the directors improve and the show gets more $ then things should be on the up and up. If not, we may not see season three.  I think us fanboys/girls may have to carry it.  We will see an better product next season, I believe (not that this season was poor, but it's clear there is room for improvement).
632	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-17	I never also watched The Sopranos; not into mob shows. However, to answer your question, if Tony had died in as compelling a storytelling fashion as Ned did, yes, I think people would have returned. The onus would of course have been on The Sopranos' cast and crew to continue to offer quality entertainment without James Gandolfini, just as the onus is now on the people behind Game of Thrones. Fortunately, its actors and writers have one benefit over the older HBO show: Source material of proven high quality.I guess I disagree with you then.  I think a lot of people would have left.  Enough to push the show off the air?  I don't know.  We'll never know because it didn't happen.
633	Delta1212	2011-06-17	I guess I disagree with you then.  I think a lot of people would have left.  Enough to push the show off the air?  I don't know.  We'll never know because it didn't happen.Killing off Tony probably would have killed The Sopranos, but plotwise, even premisewise, Ned Stark was not Tony Soprano.
634	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-17	Killing off Tony probably would have killed The Sopranos, but plotwise, even premisewise, Ned Stark was not Tony Soprano.It's true.  I was only using the comparison he/she had made originally.After having read all the discussion, here are my conclusions: I think some people will leave as threatened.  However, I'm guessing that a good portion of those would have left anyway at some point, simply because they're just not interested in a story where there are so many shades of gray, and it's difficult to tell the good guys from the bad guys.  But I'm also thinking that the people who are threatening to leave are a vocal minority, and probably not as significant as I first feared.  A lot will return once they get over the emotional impact of Ned's death.
635	3rd Grunt from the Right	2011-06-17	My biggest worry is that HBO is an American company and I've lost count of the number of shows cancelled mid-story because the ratings were falling. Most recent example I can think of is The Event. If the ratings do drop in season 2 due to popular characters dying in season 1 are HBO likely to cancel the show and not finish the story? What is HBO's track record on this (I'm in the UK so know very little about American broadcast companies).
Another query I have is that the impression I get is that most shows have a season per year. If ASOIF has 7 books in total will GRRM managed to get the final volumes written in time for the TV to the same standard as the existing books - bearing in mind the interval between the last and next book? If he can't complete the books in time could the show survive a 2 or 3 year break between seasons?
636	Eve	2011-06-17	http://tvovermind.zap2it.com/cable/hbo/game-of-thrones/sundays-big-death-good-game-thrones/61889read some of the comments, I face palmed a few times..."Take a stroll out the moon door."  LOL!
637	House Snow	2011-06-17	Oh come on.  People are not going to leave after that last episode.  That last scene was a hook if I ever saw one.  If this wasn't based on a book and noone knew what was going to happen GOT would likely lose more viewers going into season 2 if they had a happy ending than what they actualy did/ what actually happened. People care now.  I myself didn't really get into GOT until they killed Ned. Thats why I'm so pleased with the kid they casted as Joffrey.  When the season started I thought well it doesn't really matter how good or bad an actor Gleeson is .  In retrospect he needs to be as hatable as a chacter can be b/c IMO the show depended a lot on him making people seethe when he killed Ned, and needed to be a good actor.  Mission accomplished
638	Kaitscralt	2011-06-17	I've heard a lot of people (not just in the popular reviews) say that if Drogo dies after Ned then they are done with the show. There is too much quality stuff on HBO to watch something that is constantly depressing.
639	Oneru	2011-06-18	They may be pissed now, but they'll be back. They'll rage for a bit, but they'll still be curious what will happen to the other characters. Even though they might have seen Ned as their favourite character, I don't think it's very likely that Ned could be the only character anyone could like from the show, there are so many different characters in there, some of which are worked out so great, it can't be just Ned they're watching and (were  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />) rooting for. 
They'll be back.
640	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2011-06-18	Any person watching the series expecting it to be a nice little Tolkeinesque fantasy series where awful things don't happen should probably have let that notion go as soon as they saw Jamie doggie-styling his sister...We are talking about the same Tolkien who had Denethor burning himself alive, catapaulted heads at the Battle of Pelennor Fields, the Dead Marshes, Minas Morgul, and a hero who ends up failing at the last minute? Never mind The Silmarillion, where the death toll puts Martin to shame (and which also features incest)...
641	Lumpyface	2011-06-18	My biggest worry is that HBO is an American company and I've lost count of the number of shows cancelled mid-story because the ratings were falling. Most recent example I can think of is The Event. If the ratings do drop in season 2 due to popular characters dying in season 1 are HBO likely to cancel the show and not finish the story? What is HBO's track record on this (I'm in the UK so know very little about American broadcast companies).CarnivA le was cancelled after 2 seasons, leaving the story unfinished.
642	metr0man	2011-06-18	I think the big difference is that a lot of TV viewers get their enjoyment out of characters, plain and simple. That's what keeps them coming back. 
I'll be honest, if while watching LOST, they had killed off Sawyer and Hurley in Season 2, I don't know if I would have kept watching. 
Would it have been shocking of Dr. House (the main character in HOUSE, played by Hugh Laurie), had kicked it in season 2? Sure woulda been. And the show would have lost droves of viewers. 
This is a big difference as compared to most fantasy readers, who read series like ASoI&F and Malazan, and the rest... series' that are essentially about kingdoms. Most fantasy series' are plot-driven. The story isn't ABOUT a character, it's ABOUT... the game of thrones for the realm. 
This is a sentiment we're going to have to get used to, because the longer the series goes on, the more the "likeable honorable" characters will get sh-t on, and the more the bad guys will flat out win. 
You're going to have a lot more people quite watching. It's the destiny of the series. Still, I want them to keep the integrity of the story intact and follow the books regardless.
If it were up to me, I would do a couple of things if I was HBO... 
	Spoiler 
1) I would actually "light spoiler" the fact that Tyrion (a charismatic and popular character) is going to become The Hand of Joffrey and essentially butt heads with him and Cersei. Center Season 2's promotion around Tyrion in the Viper's Den. 
2) Try and do some slight re-arranging, so viewers don't have to wait until Season 4 (! assuming they split ASoS) for some comeuppance. TV is a different medium, everything being slowed down and dragged out the way fantasy novels do it just isn't going to fly. You're going to have a ton of complaints if it's season after season of the bad guys winning - especially after the Red Wedding. S3 imo HAS to end with Tywin and Joffrey getting killed. 
I'm not sure how to get there really... maybe start Jamie/Brienne's trek in late Season 2, and also compress Arya's travels (basically vastly streamline the Yoren-to-Harrenhall journey, and once at Harrenhall, jump straight to the J'quen storyline to move things along), and cut out some of the meandering beyond the Wall, basically from Craster's to the point where Jon joins the Wildlings. 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 18 June 2011 - 02:59 PM.
643	metr0man	2011-06-18	I never also watched The Sopranos; not into mob shows. However, to answer your question, if Tony had died in as compelling a storytelling fashion as Ned did, yes, I think people would have returned. The onus would of course have been on The Sopranos' cast and crew to continue to offer quality entertainment without James Gandolfini, just as the onus is now on the people behind Game of Thrones. Fortunately, its actors and writers have one benefit over the older HBO show: Source material of proven high quality.As someone who has watched every episode of the Sopranos, let me tell you imo if Gandolfini had kicked it in Season 1, the show would have lost droves of viewers, regardless of how it was executed. Tony WAS the show.
644	Sofokles	2011-11-09	This show is completely different from any other and therefore a bit hazardous for producers.
Show that lacks a strong protagonist and where new characters are added in following seasons its hard to predict how viewers will react. Im sure fans of the books series will continue to watch but im not sure if anyone else.
645	ServantOnIce	2011-12-20	Since most of us if not all of us have read the books, many of us readers are having the same issues.  I am in the minority in that I loved "Feast for Crows" while folks I know hated the book because it had "no action."  Now I hated "Dance with Dragons" as it was pointless and the prologue had no meaning to the story.  The last portion of Dance with Dragons was the best, it was Martin returning to the form we loved in the first 3 books.
I do think as I have said in discussions with others about the series that Martin killed off too many main characters and likable characters and replaced them with characters we don't care about and who aren't as good.
I like Victarion Greyjoy but he's just not smart. I don't understand Asha Greyjoy as her character adds nothing to the story.  Tyrion became very boring in DWD and I struggled to finish his chapters.
The TV audience won't be around after seasons 3 and 4. If the Red Wedding is the season finale of Season 3 (we know they are splitting SOS to save money and develop story) how many folks are going to be back?   Heck folks have sword off "Boardwalk Empire" after Jimmy D. got killed!
TV audiences are fickle, Martin has a choice to make, stay true to the story and lose viewers as readers are getting disinterested or throw us some loops and keep House Stark strong for the TV audience.  
We shall see . .
646	cat catching	2011-06-15	Sorry if I'm potentially rehashing a discussion somewhere about this, but I did a quick search and couldn't find anything. I'm confused about TV Shae. I've read all the existing books a good few times, but I can only recall Shae mentioning being treated like a kitchen wench by her father and nothing much else, so the rather bitter way she talked about old mum and dad in Episode 9 of the TV series was a bit confusing. Is she lying about her parents? Is she meant to be someone significant?
Is this something new, or something I've forgotten from the books? If it's the latter, can someone point me towards a chapter?
647	Ser Pistus	2011-06-15	For the TV-show they created some interesting background for her. TV-Shae is not a common westerosi whore, but a foreigner, and she also hints that she is of noble birth, if I recall correctly.
648	DonalNoye	2011-06-15	In the books Shae was also raped by her father. She never talks about her mother.
649	Ckrisz	2011-06-15	For the TV-show they created some interesting background for her. TV-Shae is not a common westerosi whore, but a foreigner, and she also hints that she is of noble birth, if I recall correctly.I'm unsure if she said her parents are of noble birth - rather she is insistent that her mother was not a whore.
650	Ser Pistus	2011-06-15	I'm unsure if she said her parents are of noble birth - rather she is insistent that her mother was not a whore.What I had in mind is this:T: So what's a lowborn girl to do?S: Drink.T: Are you sure...S: Drink!
651	The hairy bear	2011-06-15	Yes, they way the scene was filmed seems to make tv Shae noble born (Shae was about to drink when Tyrion mentioned "lowborn", and then she passed the cup to him). It may be that the adaptation is trying to add a surprising revelation to the books, which wouldn't be bad by itself.
Normally we'd be suggesting potential parents among the entire Westerosii nobility, but the problem is she is foreign now. So, who her parents could be? Illyrio? Some Qartheen nobles that we'll see next season? Mmmm...
652	Ser_Piggy	2011-06-15	I have a theory, and some fans of the books won't like it.
I think "TV Shae" is a Sand Snake, possibly there to check out the Lannister strength or for revenge.  Although I have not actually read or seen it myself, it is said elsewhere on this forum that George RR Martin confirmed that a minor character who dies later in the series of books, will die in the first series of the TV Show.  I think it will be Shae that dies in the last episode.  Whether it be an actual death, or just the alter ego, remains to be seen but I'm pretty convinced it's going to happen.
I think Shae's role in King's Landing will be taken by Ros instead.
653	Anomandaris86	2011-06-15	So did book Shae not have an accent? I can't remember.
654	Aganerral	2011-06-15	As far as I recall, book Shae was nothing more than a common girl who decided to become a camp follower.  There was nothing inconsistent with that assessment of her.
The idea of Shae as a sand snake is interesting, but then everyone from Dorne would have to have a German accent too /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
If she's from one of the free cities, it's possible for her not to be lowborn, as Westeros considers the term.  Westeros is basically lords of various tiers then the lowborn subjects from what we've seen.  The free cities have ruling classes, but the structure there seems like it could have more of a merchant middle class than we've seen in Westeros.  Maybe that's what they're targeting for Shae.
As for the character who dies in season 1 instead of 3, I doubt that's Shae.  There would be no reason to even bother introducing her if Roz is just going to be Tyrion's KL whore.  Also, GRRM implied that it was very minor, and I don't think any book reader would consider Shae to be a near inconsequential character.
655	The hairy bear	2011-06-15	I don't think TV Shae is a spy. Any spy worth that name would lie in a drinking game without a second thought. Covering your ancestry with a veil of mystery instead of having a cover story prepared? Bad move.
If Shae was a spy, her mother would have been a whore and her father would have left when she was very young.
656	Rand	2011-06-15	Yes, they way the scene was filmed seems to make tv Shae noble born (Shae was about to drink when Tyrion mentioned "lowborn", and then she passed the cup to him). It may be that the adaptation is trying to add a surprising revelation to the books, which wouldn't be bad by itself.Normally we'd be suggesting potential parents among the entire Westerosii nobility, but the problem is she is foreign now. So, who her parents could be? Illyrio? Some Qartheen nobles that we'll see next season? Mmmm...In the unspoiled TWoP some people are speculating she's Jorah's ex wife /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
657	morbiczer	2011-06-16	GRRM said that the character who dies two seasons early is a really minor character. I wouldn't call Shae a minor character. 
I wonder whether they decided to give her a non-Westerosi background because they chose a non-English actress for the role, and they had to explain her accent somehow, or whether decided to make her foreign born, and were looking for someone with an accent suring casting.
658	Aganerral	2011-06-16	GRRM said that the character who dies two seasons early is a really minor character. I wouldn't call Shae a minor character. I wonder whether they decided to give her a non-Westerosi background because they chose a non-English actress for the role, and they had to explain her accent somehow, or whether decided to make her foreign born, and were looking for someone with an accent suring casting.From comments in other threads, my understanding is that it's the former.  They really liked the actress, but she had a German accent so they changed the character to fit.
659	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-16	Yes, they way the scene was filmed seems to make tv Shae noble born (Shae was about to drink when Tyrion mentioned "lowborn", and then she passed the cup to him). It may be that the adaptation is trying to add a surprising revelation to the books, which wouldn't be bad by itself.Normally we'd be suggesting potential parents among the entire Westerosii nobility, but the problem is she is foreign now. So, who her parents could be? Illyrio? Some Qartheen nobles that we'll see next season? Mmmm...I took that to be entirely her messing with Tyrion, not that she was about to drink when "lowborn" came out.  The whole scenario Tyrion was fleshing out about her was wrong, not just the lowborn part.  Doesn't rule out nobility of some kind, but I don't see anything to support that it was the lowborn part that was false.
660	Kosciuszko	2011-06-16	In the unspoiled TWoP some people are speculating she's Jorah's ex wife /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />And others seem convinced she's a Targaryen o.O
661	TMWNN	2011-06-17	If she's from one of the free cities, it's possible for her not to be lowborn, as Westeros considers the term.Agreed.I can't help rolling my eyes when I read here and elsewhere that TV Shae is "totally different!!!11!!!!" from the book version. Oh, please. There's absolutely nothing we've heard or seen that contradicts the books, because we learned almost nothing about her background despite the many, many pages spent on her. (Even the television version's "foreign" accent can be argued as a case of omission in Tyrion's POV, rather than us being told that she spoke with a clear Riverlands accent, or something.) It's entirely possible that the two Shaes will more clearly diverge at some point, but it certainly hasn't happened yet.
662	reiver	2011-06-17	Agreed.I can't help rolling my eyes when I read here and elsewhere that TV Shae is "totally different!!!11!!!!" from the book version. Oh, please. There's absolutely nothing we've heard or seen that contradicts the books, because we learned almost nothing about her background despite the many, many pages spent on her. (Even the television version's "foreign" accent can be argued as a case of omission in Tyrion's POV, rather than us being told that she spoke with a clear Riverlands accent, or something.) It's entirely possible that the two Shaes will more clearly diverge at some point, but it certainly hasn't happened yet.Rubbish. Already we've seen her challenge and correct Tyrion more than we've seen in all the books. She's a considerably more assertive character in comparison to the books' one which immediately went into the pleasing mode. To suggest that they've not already diverged is bizarre.I'm not passing judgement on the change as i will have to see how it plays out first but seriously if you can't see the differences already...
663	TMWNN	2011-06-17	Rubbish. Already we've seen her challenge and correct Tyrion more than we've seen in all the books. She's a considerably more assertive character in comparison to the books' one which immediately went into the pleasing mode. To suggest that they've not already diverged is bizarre.I'm not passing judgement on the change as i will have to see how it plays out first but seriously if you can't see the differences already...I was talking about biographical data, not characterization. In any case it's hardly fair, or precise, to compare the characterization of an important secondary character that appears throughout ~2500 pages with one episode's worth of dialogue, especially when a plurality of her sentences are one word: "Drink". If we see Shae later help Tyrion kill Tywin, or seduce Sansa after becoming her maid, well, that's another story.As a poster stated in the episode-discussion thread:Changes to Shae.  I don't care.  She was a whore in the books whose only  purposes were to create a "love interest" for Tyrion and then to betray  him later.  There isn't anything to suggest that they couldn't  accomplish that with this version of Shae.  Give her a chance.As the immortal Bahimiron also stated in that thread:I agree with this. Without the intricate and layered background that  GRRM created for the book Shae the TV Shae will be a soulless automoton,  incapable of playing her role in the series as whore, lover, maid,  traitor and victim. When one realizes what a buttress to the entire  series the role of Shae plays, how key a support her existence is to  every scene that follows, removing her is like removing the keystone  from an ancient bridge and the whole of the epic tale will fall apart  around those who continue acting out their hollow part to play,  unrealizing the ultimate purposelessness in their own part now that the  ground on which their story is built has turned to sinking sand. It is a literal, a literal slap in the face! How  can we stand for this? How? Do you not hear the people? Listen and their  voices will be made clear. Do you hear the people sing? Singing the  song of angry nerds! It is a music of a fandom that will refuse to go  unheard! Barricades here we come, brothers.(A hint for you: Bahimiron is being sarcastic.)
664	Tadco26	2011-06-17	Rubbish. Already we've seen her challenge and correct Tyrion more than we've seen in all the books. She's a considerably more assertive character in comparison to the books' one which immediately went into the pleasing mode. To suggest that they've not already diverged is bizarre.I'm not passing judgement on the change as i will have to see how it plays out first but seriously if you can't see the differences already...I agree that there are more changes to her character than similarities.  The superficial ones don't bother me such as being older and foreign.  The writing on the other hand comes across markedly different.  The books make her much more like Ros is in the TV show.  She plays the role of being completely smitten and subservient from the start.  The dialogue has been significantly altered from the original.  Here are the core lines spoken during the same time frame as the show shows in the book:He cocked his head to one side. Â<U+0093>I am Tyrion, of House Lannister. Men call me the Imp.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>My mother named me Shae. Men call me Â<U+0085> often.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>I am a Lannister. Gold I have in plenty, and youÂ<U+0092>ll find me generous Â<U+0085> but IÂ<U+0092>ll want more from you than what youÂ<U+0092>ve got between your legs, though IÂ<U+0092>ll want that too. YouÂ<U+0092>ll share my tent, pour my wine, laugh at my jests, rub the ache from my legs after each dayÂ<U+0092>s ride Â<U+0085> and whether I keep you a day or a year, for so long as we are together you will take no other men into your bed.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>Fair enough.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>Shall I take my gown off, mÂ<U+0092>lord?Â<U+0094> she asked. Â<U+0093>In good time. Are you a maiden, Shae?Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>If it please you, mÂ<U+0092>lord,Â<U+0094> she said demurely. Â<U+0093>What would please me would be the truth of you, girl.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>Aye, but that will cost you double.Â<U+0094> When Tyrion returned to his tent, Shae rolled onto her elbow and murmured sleepily, Â<U+0093>I woke and mÂ<U+0092>lord was gone.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>MÂ<U+0092>lord is back now.Â<U+0094> He slid in beside her. Her hand went between his stunted legs, and found him hard. Â<U+0093>Yes he is,Â<U+0094> she whispered, stroking him. He asked her about the man Bronn had taken her from, and she named the minor retainer of an insignificant lordling. Â<U+0093>You need not fear his like, mÂ<U+0092>lord,Â<U+0094> the girl said, her fingers busy at his c*ck. Â<U+0093>He is a small man.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>And what am I, pray?Â<U+0094> Tyrion asked her. Â<U+0093>A giant?Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>Oh, yes,Â<U+0094> she purred, Â<U+0093>my giant of Lannister.Â<U+0094> In comparison the HBO Shae comes across as quite insubordinate.  Rather than complimentary she challenges Tyrion's boasts about the quality of his company and says he was stupid to believe his wife was not a whore 
	Spoiler even though we later find out she wasn't.
  She refuses to play his drinking game that she is being paid for(this is a whore who has sex with strangers for money...), threatens him when he asks about her parents and is quite commanding in wanting to know about Tyrion's wife.  Based on what happens to other commoners who interact with lords in the books, it seems likely a commoner, much less a whore might be tossed out, beaten or even killed for making such insolent comments to a lord.  Besides the impression the books give is that Tyrion is desperately looking for someone to show him love, and Shae is very good at fooling him into believing in the books, but she seems to be much more stand offish in her comments on the show.  Clearly she didn't attend Littlefinger's how to be a good whore class.Even outside the context of what happened in the books, if you were on a first date, and you asked the other person about their parents and they threatened to stab your eyes out if you asked again would you be thinking the date was going well?  If they refused to answer any questions or engange in any meaningful dialogue would you be looking forward to a second date?  Much less a whore...  Would you really call your boss stupid on your first day on the job even in jest?  Or threaten them if you were hoping to keep the job?Outside of the sex I don't see anything she did that could be considered endearing or seductive, while Shae in the books is the exact opposite in doing whatever she can to please Tyrion.
665	Aoife	2011-06-17	On the other hand, if they go down the road of Shae becoming less obviously smart-mouthed against him, and appearing to fall in love with him for himself... well, I think a lot of (non-book) viewers may be sucked in by it, just as Tyrion would be. "She was so cold at the start, she must mean it!" 
In fact, it would probably be actually showing what that big LF monologue was all about, how people know that maybe they shouldn't trust you, but you make it so that they can't help themselves, and so on.
666	undertow	2011-06-17	The idea of Shae as a sand snake is interesting, but then everyone from Dorne would have to have a German accent too /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />If she's from one of the free cities, it's possible for her not to be lowborn, as Westeros considers the term.  Westeros is basically lords of various tiers then the lowborn subjects from what we've seen.  The free cities have ruling classes, but the structure there seems like it could have more of a merchant middle class than we've seen in Westeros.  Maybe that's what they're targeting for Shae.Didn't Oberyn spend time in the free cities as a mercenary?  I doubt he only made Sand Snakes in Westeros.
667	Ser_Piggy	2011-06-18	Agreed.I can't help rolling my eyes when I read here and elsewhere that TV Shae is "totally different!!!11!!!!" from the book version. Oh, please. There's absolutely nothing we've heard or seen that contradicts the books, because we learned almost nothing about her background despite the many, many pages spent on her. (Even the television version's "foreign" accent can be argued as a case of omission in Tyrion's POV, rather than us being told that she spoke with a clear Riverlands accent, or something.) It's entirely possible that the two Shaes will more clearly diverge at some point, but it certainly hasn't happened yet.Wasn't there scene in ACOK where Shae was getting the hump about potentially working in the kitchens.  She tells Tyrion that her Father made her scour pots and pans, and that's why she ran away.  Tyrion responded by saying she originally told him that her Dad made her his whore and that's why she ran away.  She retorted to that, that she didn't like his cock anymore than scouring pots and pans.
668	morr	2011-06-20	In the unspoiled TWoP some people are speculating she's Jorah's ex wife /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />it makes no sense ))
669	shadowbinding shoe	2011-06-25	I agree with Tadco26 about this. A Westerosi whore wouldn't dare to be so uppity. She'd be raped and whipped at the very least.
My personal impression was that HBO-Shae was supposed to be Tysha (Tyrion's wife) in disguise or possibly her daughter.
					
					
							Edited by shadowbinding shoe, 25 June 2011 - 11:01 AM.
670	brokor	2011-06-25	I agree with Tadco26 about this. A Westerosi whore wouldn't dare to be so uppity. She'd be raped and whipped at the very least.My personal impression was that HBO-Shae was supposed to be Tysha (Tyrion's wife) in disguise or possibly her daughter.how can she be her daughter? tysha got deflowered by tyrion like 8-9 years ago.
671	shadowbinding shoe	2011-06-26	how can she be her daughter? tysha got deflowered by tyrion like 8-9 years ago.Yes, I wasn't sure about the timeline. I still think she's supposed to be Tysha come back after living in exile.
672	GoldSeven	2011-06-30	The idea of Shae as a sand snake is interesting, but then everyone from Dorne would have to have a German accent too /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />It wasn't a German accent. I teach English in Germany and I hear English spoken with a German accent every day. That was not it. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'd need to watch it again to find out what her accent sounded like... I thought it was more southern. Definitely a trilled "r" in there. We Germans don't do those.
673	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-07-05	Yes, I wasn't sure about the timeline. I still think she's supposed to be Tysha come back after living in exile.Tyrion really wouldn't recognize Tysha? I find that a bit of a stretch considering how much he's supposed to have obsessed about her over the years.  Unless Tysha took a course in Faceless Men training, I'd say it'd strain credibility more than any of the other possibilities (not that Tysha learning to be a Faceless in of itself is a bit unlikely. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> ).
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 05 July 2011 - 06:50 PM.
674	Kadence	2011-07-10	The Sand Snake theory is interesting, but I don't think the TV producers would be thinking of them yet. Also her being Oberyn's kid would complicate things for them later. But that is an interesting notion.On the other hand, if they go down the road of Shae becoming less obviously smart-mouthed against him, and appearing to fall in love with him for himself... well, I think a lot of (non-book) viewers may be sucked in by it, just as Tyrion would be. "She was so cold at the start, she must mean it!" In fact, it would probably be actually showing what that big LF monologue was all about, how people know that maybe they shouldn't trust you, but you make it so that they can't help themselves, and so on.Yes that's true. Her going from stanoffish to more "caring" and fond of Tyrion might actually fool Tyrion, causing the betrayal to be more painful, and represent a darker turn for his character. Whereas in the book Tyrion caring about her seems somewhat naive. Which even Tyrion realizes, but can't help himself.The change in her demeanor to him in that sense is better - except for the fact that it's completely illogical, as a whore who behaves as rudely as she does wouldn't be a whore for long. And would endanger herself considering the company she keeps.I'm also concerned that her character will bully Tyrion and be the boss of the relationship in season 2. Which just isn't the way it should be. Tyrion shouldn't be getting bossed around by anybody but Tywin.
675	Skore	2011-09-23	"Treat em mean to keep em keen" is the phrase that describes my thoughts on her attitude. At the end of the day he still got to stick Imp Jr. into her so I don't think he minds a bit of sass from his wenches.
676	Corvinus	2011-06-06	So in this episode we will get the first taste of large scale battles. I actually hope we get more than a taste.
In the book, the battle of the Green Fork was described in a fair amount of detail from Tyrion's POV, while the Whispering Wood was only partially described from Catelyn's POV. So I won't cry about if the Whispering Wood is not shown, but I would like it if the Green Fork was shown in all its glory (and gore). For example, there is one visual description where we are told of how the Lannister army deploys over the field.
So, I think this is another big test for HBO. Will we see a grand battle, or will it all be just around Tyrion and his wildlings?
I hope HBO did not fail this test, like Starz did. Camelot also had its battle this week (the battle of Bardon Pass), but in my book a dozen men against four times their number is not a battle, merely a skirmish.
677	Asharak	2011-06-07	Taking into consideration that the two battles in book 1 are the least epic in the series, I would be really worried if they didnÂ<U+0092>t do them some justice. If they fail at these two how on earth would they be able to do the Backwater battle in book 2 and the Night Watch vs. Wildlings battle in book3?
While the battle at the crossroads is described in much more detail in the book, I find the participants of the battle in the Whispering Woods much more interesting, and itÂ<U+0092>s after all the most important of the two. I would prefer that they focused on that one in the episode, since Jaime has been the main "villain" of s1, and seeing The Young Wolfs army vs. the Kingslayers army feels more satisfying after all that build up.
					
					
							Edited by Asharak, 07 June 2011 - 10:40 AM.
678	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	Im expecting some CG of the armies gathering and then Tyrion POV while he is near his man and some blured armies in the back. Once he charges the focus will be on him and some retainers near him (about 40 or 50 would be more than enough to portray size). The hardest part would be the clash of the armies Gregor style, when his knights charge the spear wall, but they may go without it.
I at least hope Tyrion fights that knight and make him wield. 
The Whispering Woods could be done easily, in the night, with dense woods and a valey with about 40 or 50 knights riding with Jaime in front. Then lots of horns and a charge. I hope they show us the part where Jaime charges toward Robb and gets knocked.
Now, they could use CG for the armies, I dont think it is that expensive right now. I play a game called Shogun 2: Total War and not only the armies look really good but Im pretty sure somehow that same technology could be used for TV.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 07 June 2011 - 11:33 AM.
679	Maltaran	2011-06-07	I at least hope Tyrion fights that knight and make him wield. Will they show him disembowelling the horse by headbutting it with his spiky helmet?
680	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-07	I will be happy even if they only show short POV esque bursts of each battle as long as
a) Jaime kills a lot of people leading his retinue to inches away from killing Robb
/cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Robb killing a few people would add to his badass ratings to replace Ned next season, but if he actually gets to fight Jaime, it will be another nail in the entire point of Jaime losing his sword hand, unless they choose to advance the plot a whole season and skip the Red Wedding
c) they do at least show the 2 seperate battles
681	Anomandaris86	2011-06-07	I'm worried about this.
682	Lokhtar	2011-06-07	Meh, I don't really care.  I'd rather them not show anything then show the piss-poor representation of the battles they have to show due to the budget.  You really don't want to be dumping millions on big budget fights, because in a show with modest ratings such as this, the budget is a big killer in terms of getting the series renewed every year.  
I'd much rather have the series without the 1-2 big fights/year and the budget remain lower, rather than jack up the costs which would put the series at a much higher risk of cancellation if the viewership is disappointing.  Even one decently sized battle scene costs a LOT of money.  Obviously it'd be great if the series had a $200 million budget and would never be canceled, but that's really not going to happen.
Look at what happened to Rome - I loved that show so much and yet they had to condense what was going to be four seasons into one just because HBO couldn't afford the extravagant budget (and Rome didn't even show any big battles - even so the production costs were tens of millions - with big battles it would have been ridiculous).  Thankfully the budget for GOT is less than Rome, so it might be able to get away with lower ratings.
					
					
							Edited by Lokhtar, 07 June 2011 - 04:23 PM.
683	So1ar	2011-06-07	i'm not holding my breathe for anything special. that's not to say it won't be good, but for a tv show i'm not expecting much in terms of large scale scenes.
684	R_Thunder	2011-06-07	Was it Showtime that did a fairly large sized Medievil battle with "The PIllars of the Earth"?  Pretty good if I remember.
685	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-07	I'm personally much more of a political junkie than a war boffin. I think the battle will be ample for TV, but nothing too saucy. As with Rome mentioned above, the battle scenes in that were a bit average, but with lessons learnt from that production, I'm fairly certain GoT was treated with better project management and reservation than many previous titles. Should be worth the wait nonetheless. Would like to see Tyrion charge the horse with the spiky helm too!
686	Asharak	2011-06-08	"Meh, I don't really care. I'd rather them not show anything then show the piss-poor representation of the battles they have to show due to the budget. You really don't want to be dumping millions on big budget fights, because in a show with modest ratings such as this, the budget is a big killer in terms of getting the series renewed every year"
It felt really cheap in Rome when they after 7 ep. of build up of the conflict between Caesar and Pompey they just skipped over the battle, they failed to deliver on the climax of that part of the series. Before the battle everyone in Caesars camp was sure they had no chance in hell for survival, and then 2 seconds later after skipping the fight he had "magically" won anyway. To me the victory felt unearned, because they didnÂ<U+0092>t show the battle, it felt like Caesar just won because the "script demanded it". 
After 8 episodes of build up to the fights between the Lanisters and Starks, we need to see some fighting between the Lannisters and Starks, because thatÂ<U+0092>s where the show has been leading us, or else it will ring false. At least to me.
687	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-08	I haven't been very impressed with the fights so far.  Any action at all was very welcome to me after the onslaught of dialogue in Eps 1-4, but on an absolute scale, it all felt pretty expedited and half-assed.  The Ned-Jaime fight was a welcome departure from the book (though Jory getting knife through the eye felt pretty cheesy), and Syrio's last stand was awesome.  But the Cat & Co v. Wildlings fight was too short, the Jon v. Wight scene was way too short, and Bronn's trial-by-combat fight did not sufficiently display his bad-assness (he should've fought more gracefully - like a cat, perhaps more like Syrio).
Since Tyrion's proficiency with an axe was omitted in the Wildling fight, it'd be a nice addition in Ep 9.  The trailer clip has a nice shot of him in armor, so I think we're due some Tyrion ass-kicking.
I expect the episode will flow a lot like the books - Green Fork from Tyrion POV, Whispering Woods via hearsay.  I wouldn't expect much production value or substance for the Green Fork, however.
688	Cot	2011-06-08	I'm a strong believer if in the "if you can't do it properly, then don't do it" school.  Shittily done big battles completely ruins any suspension of dispelief/atmosphere.  This has been my biggest criticism of the series so far - Drogo's wedding, the khalasar generally, Rob's army - it really does ruin the epic feel.  Just don't bloody show it!!
689	Black Sheep	2011-06-08	As long as they will make some clever artistic shots, focus on some crossing sword and do not reveal that there are no more than 100 extras in the scene, I'll be fine with it. 
Of course I'd like to get some feel of battle, especially men crying in pain and asking for mercy, because that what really stood out for me in Martin's delivery of battle scenes.
Shot of CGI armies might help to establish some epic feel, and the terrain of the riverlands (woods, hills, rivers) might ease out the work on them. 
But as long as they don't handle it the way they handled the Hand's Tournament I'll be okay.
690	Khal Bob	2011-06-08	I'm hoping HBO makes a major improvement over how the large-scale battles were handled in Rome, because that was a big problem with that series, IMHO.  CGI is actually expensive but it clearly hasn't been used to expand the scale of any of the other mass events in this show (the tournament, the wedding, etc), so here's hoping that the show has been saving its CGI budget for the upcoming battles.  
Honestly, though, I wouldn't be surprised if we see something along the lines of what we saw in Rome - prelude to battle with a bunch of extras lined up on a ridge or something (letting your imagination fill in the thousands of additional troops where you can't see them), a "battle" scene consisting of some close-up fights and sound effects to give you the sense of a large battle having just occurred, with quick cut to aftermath where what happened in the battle is explained in dialogue instead of it having been actually shown to you.
691	Asharak	2011-06-08	IÂ<U+0092>m a big fan of Branaghs version of "Henry V". The battle at the end of the movie looks and feels very big and intense, but thereÂ<U+0092>s no real wide shots, and mostly 15-20 men on screen at any time (mostly). IÂ<U+0092>m pretty certain this method of filming it could be used effectively on both battles in book 1(maybe a little more close up, and shorter), and it would look wonderful. 
Part 1 of the battle:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=R98H2E9JWuY
692	Daemonhunter	2011-06-08	Have you seen the Sharpe series? (Sharpe's Eagle, Sharpe's Rifles, etc.) It's about a British Rifleman during the Napoleonic Wars starring Sean Bean. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Well, in that series, battles that should've involved hundreds of infantry columns were reduced to thirty men on screen. In almost every episode. But it didn't take away the sense of danger, intensity and adventure of battle.
Asharak's link is a good example. A smart film maker (or TV producers in GoT's case) would make good use of close up shots, editing, some sound effects and epic music.
693	Asharak	2011-06-08	Sharp is one of my favorite TV series of all time, far and away Sean Beans best role. Though its mostly small scale, the intensity is definitely always strong. There are some bigger battles though, the battle of Badajoz(SharpeÂ<U+0092>s Company) is pretty darn epic.
My personal favorite engagement (mostly because of the stuff from 4:30 and onwards) in the series, from SharpeÂ<U+0092>s Eagle:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=PbMmDuvZh9Q
694	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-09	IÂ<U+0092>m a big fan of Branaghs version of "Henry V". The battle at the end of the movie looks and feels very big and intense, but thereÂ<U+0092>s no real wide shots, and mostly 15-20 men on screen at any time (mostly). IÂ<U+0092>m pretty certain this method of filming it could be used effectively on both battles in book 1(maybe a little more close up, and shorter), and it would look wonderful. Part 1 of the battle:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=R98H2E9JWuYExcellent example of what D&D should be going for, if they don't have a Peter Jackson-ian budget.  Branagh's "Henry V" was awesome.
695	Maginor	2011-06-09	Now, they could use CG for the armies, I dont think it is that expensive right now. I play a game called Shogun 2: Total War and not only the armies look really good but Im pretty sure somehow that same technology could be used for TV.They could use something like Massivehttp://www.massivesoftware.com/which was originally made for Lotr. The program itself is not that expensive ($17,999), but you still have to train a few people to use it as well as build up a large library of different soldier models and animations for them. You also have to integrate the simulated battle with the live action and the landscape. This is very time consuming stuff and a big investment. Also if they had made that investment, they would probably have used it for the Dothraki horde on the march and the tourney crowd.I imagine restricting camera angles to not show too many soldiers at a time, as well as using some crowd duplication techniques would be more doable on their budget. This is also what HBO has been doing before I think.
696	Xanderpanda	2011-06-09	Showtimes 'The Tudors' had some pretty decent battles throughout its 4 season run particularly in the final season and I believe it was on a lower budget to what Game of Thrones has from HBO. So it is possible to see some decent stuff in a TV series.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GEh0pj3Umqs
Edit:
From what I can see from searching online for reported budgets it cost $3.5 mil per ep for The Tudors as opposed to $5 mil for Game of Thrones so they should be able to match the same effect if not out do it.
Edit 2:
Also while they tried to avoid showing major battles in Rome they did have this one at least which was done fairly well.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0wQ_6cVXTQk
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 09 June 2011 - 05:54 AM.
697	Steel_Wind	2011-06-09	The Borgias battle scenes in Episode 8 and 9 of the season were "impressive enough". Certainly, a cut above what HBO did in Season 1 of Rome.  (Hell, every aspect of the production values on The Borgias is damned impressive, tbh.)We've seen some CGI with the tents in the Lannister camp (and some more, though to a lesser degree, in seeing the Stark host). I expect more of this for the Battle of the Green Fork. For all that, the tale in the book is told from Tyrion's POV and it is deliberately a worm's eye view from Tyrion's perspective. We aren't intended to take in the full sweep of the battle as a reader. I am not sure that as a viewer that should change much.As noted elsewhere, the darkness and trees in the Whispering Wood lend themselves well to depicting this on screen without breaking the bank. Breaking the Lannister host besieging Riverrun? Different story. I expect D&D to downplay that or discuss it as a report in Robb's tent. That's ok by me as there is no need for massive CGI at this stage. I'd rather they spent that money next season on the Battle of the Blackwater -- when it matters.
698	Xanderpanda	2011-06-09	On top of the two clips I posted above I just found this as well from a BBC dramatic doco showing the rise and fall of Hannibal.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=2NpKkiqLJoM
So yeah I think we have more then enough examples to prove its not impossible to portray some fairly decent battles particularly with HBOs skill and budget. Obviously we wont get anything on the scope of Lord of the Rings, Braveheart, Troy etc but they can surely manage to convey that large scale battles are taking place. The real worry will be end of season 2 as Blackwater will be hard due to logistics.
699	gogorath	2011-06-09	I expect very little in terms of epic battles and sweeping, wide shots.  More close-ups of Tyrion and hopefully Jaime's actual capture (though the chances of seeing Grey Wind scything through Lannisters is probably non-existent).
700	Xanderpanda	2011-06-12	I just recently caught up on the last few episodes of 'The Borgias' having stopped mid season and Showtime managed to show some rather large scale epic and well done battles on a similar budget. It would seem showtime has no qualms in putting in the effort as I already pointed out with 'The Tudors'. Also as someone else pointed out 'The Pillars of Earth' on Starz had some pretty large scale on screen battles. It is obviously very possible on the budget to achieve so I doubt that while everything else has been kept as close as possible to the books that they would skimp out on such things. I'm not saying that they need to show constant epic battles but they at least need to a few shots to detail how large scale this war truly is and I think they will.
701	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-12	How will the battles look? Non-existent, apparently.
702	Ran	2011-06-12	Borgias didn't show any battles at all. They showed cannon blasting some random dudes.Animating large-scale melee combat is much, much more expensive.
703	Nihilist	2011-06-12	They didn't just not show the battles, they butchered them. How are new viewers supposed to know that Tyrion actually fought in the battle(if he even did in this version?). He gets knocked out and then appears in a cart...The fact that they didn't show The Whispering Woods which would have been EASIER to show than just about any other battle in the books makes me feel REAL bad about what we are going to see in the future.
704	Shepherd6	2011-06-12	They didn't just not show the battles, they butchered them. How are new viewers supposed to know that Tyrion actually fought in the battle(if he even did in this version?). He gets knocked out and then appears in a cart...The fact that they didn't show The Whispering Woods which would have been EASIER to show than just about any other battle in the books makes me feel REAL bad about what we are going to see in the future.I totally agree with this. I am disappointed that Tyrion didn't seem to fight at all. It wouldn't have been necessary to have him be amazing, just decent, sort of blundering through in fear and with luck. I thought it was important to illusrate that he is brave enough to fight.The Whispering Wood could have been done very dark, showing only the scene around Robb and Jaime. But I suppose nothing is better than badly done, and if the Blackwater is epic it will make up for many sins.
					
					
							Edited by Shepherd6, 12 June 2011 - 09:46 PM.
705	Asarlai	2011-06-12	Well, now we know how epic they were...
706	Grumkin	2011-06-12	Well, I hope the $$$ they saved on battles means we get to see some cool-looking cgi dragons.
707	Shepherd6	2011-06-12	Well, I hope the $$$ they saved on battles means we get to see some cool-looking cgi dragons.Thankyou. That thought hadn't occured to me and cheers me up.
708	Clumber	2011-06-13	Fuck dragons. I would rather the dragons be merely mentioned if it meant we could have had something of the Whispering Woods, which was perfectly set up in the books to be a battle that required only a dozen people on screen at once. Because seriously?
709	Lokhtar	2011-06-13	Seems I was right /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />. 
It's going to be Rome-esque.
710	Lokhtar	2011-06-13	There's a reason two hour fantasy epics cost 150 million dollars guys....
711	Asarlai	2011-06-13	Fuck dragons. I would rather the dragons be merely mentioned if it meant we could have had something of the Whispering Woods, which was perfectly set up in the books to be a battle that required only a dozen people on screen at once. Because seriously?I'll glue the paper-mache wings on the komodo dragons myself.
712	Ran	2011-06-13	Nihilist,
I believe it's supposed to be understood that Tyrion did not in fact fight. He was found unconscious near the camp or whatever, and it was assumed it was the result of fighting, but ... he never fought.
Re: Whispering Wood,
I always wanted it to be as in the books -- you see nothing. Maybe you hear something of it, but you never see it. So ... pretty glad of that. They have clearly changed the scope, anyways -- a much bigger battle where Robb apparently deliver a crushing defeat to the whole of Jaime's force.
713	Corvinus	2011-06-13	Well I am very disappointed that we had two battles, yet none were shown. I understand that a lot happened in this episode, and the episode was quite good, but still.
714	Xanderpanda	2011-06-13	Well that sucks if The Borgias can show two massive armies about to face off couldn't HBO at the very least have done the same. I mean I get the expensiveness of showing a full on battle I had no illusions about that but they need to at the very least show off the huge scope of this war. As I've pointed out multiple times in this thread there are many cable show examples of large scale armies on screen on a TV budget why the hell is HBO always so stingey. Rome suffered the same problem I thought they would have learnt but clearly they havn't. /rage
715	Anomandaris86	2011-06-13	But I suppose nothing is better than badly done, and if the Blackwater is epic it will make up for many sins.I think the chances of that are pretty much nil now.
716	Grack21	2011-06-13	I think the chances of that are pretty much nil now. You should email GRRM directly and let him know he, so he can stop writing it.
717	Asarlai	2011-06-13	I think the chances of that are pretty much nil now.Especially since Mr. Martin struggled writing the script, saying that he made the scene way too high budget in the book.
718	jlk7e	2011-06-13	The Whispering Wood isn't shown in the books.  As far as the Green Fork, it was an anti-climactic battle where nothing of any particular importance happened.  I'm fine with them skipping it.  If they skip the Blackwater next season, that'll be another thing entirely, but neither of these battles is actually important to show.
ETA: I don't see why the fact that they skipped one anti-climactic battle where nothing important happens and another battle that also isn't shown in the books is evidence of what they will do with the actual important battle that is depicted in the books next season.
					
					
							Edited by jlk7e, 13 June 2011 - 01:39 AM.
719	Anomandaris86	2011-06-13	You should email GRRM directly and let him know he, so he can stop writing it.Doesn't mean shit. He already mentioned that a scene was cut from his episode this season (showing riders going to the castles of all the bannermen in the North) they can easily cut from his episode next season as well.
720	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	I wonder if the tv show will have any effect on the way George writes ASOIAF. Will he make his future battle scenes in ASOIAF smaller scale so he can pander a possible adaptation of his future novels if Game of Thrones is renewed for a 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th season?
721	Asarlai	2011-06-13	I wonder if the tv show will have any effect on the way George writes ASOIAF. Will he make his future battle scenes in ASOIAF smaller scale so he can pander a possible adaptation of his future novels if Game of Thrones is renewed for a 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th season?Why would he? He wrote big, exciting battles already, yet there wasn't much trouble adapting them, so they'd just do that again. When the wolves and dragons take on bigger roles, it will get harder.
722	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	Why would he? He wrote big, exciting battles already, yet there wasn't much trouble adapting them, so they'd just do that again. When the wolves and dragons take on bigger roles, it will get harder.Well by making battles smaller scale, it makes it easy to adapt in the future. George already mentioned that he had trouble writing the script for Blackwater because it was far too big.
723	aimlessgun	2011-06-13	Well the episode worked, mostly. But still a large disappointment. 
Frankly the biggest disappointment is not seeing Jaime hacking through a dozen men trying to get at Robb once he realizes the battle is lost. I'm sort of PO'ed we didn't get that, actually.
724	Asharak	2011-06-13	After all that build up they could have at least given us one battle as a climax to the story, the Whispering woods  would not bee particularly hard to show, just people fighting among the trees.
"I always wanted it to be as in the books -- you see nothing. Maybe you hear something of it, but you never see it. So ... pretty glad of that."
We didnÂ<U+0092>t even get to hear it, at least they could have given us that.
Going by this episode, when we get to the adaption of book 3 we will spend one or two seasons being told about how dangerous the attack of the wildlings at the wall will be, and then we wonÂ<U+0092>t get to see it. We will have countless episodes in s2 about the growing threat of Stannis and the imminent attack on the Red Keep, and then the battle itself will be skipped. That is not good storytelling, a story needs a climax, it shouldnÂ<U+0092>t just jump over it, thatÂ<U+0092>s cheating the audience.
If they wouldnÂ<U+0092>t show us two battles as simple as the ones in book 1, no way will we get the big ones in book 2 and 3, because they would be a lot harder to do.
725	Goblonaut	2011-06-13	Yea, I was kinda disappointed too about the battles, though I will be satisfied if they show the battle of the camps more properly. I think they could do Blackwater better, considering that Sean Bean is somewhat a high paid actor, and he won't feature in the next season(unless a flashback etc) so they would get more money for doing some great battles.
If I had several million dollars, I would gladly donate some to my favorite series to do them properly.
726	Flou	2011-06-13	I wish they would have shown what Catelyn saw in the books. Torches in the forest, sounds of fighting & dying men. Show some of the planning and maybe Catelyn watching as the men leave to the battle.
Now it kinda felt totally lackluster event. Since there was no real excitement. I was wondering what they were even looking at, at first.
Didn't really expect anything from the Bolton vs Tywin fight, since Bolton wasn't cast nor named during this season. And to be honest I think it was a wise move not to throw Tyrion into midst of fighting. Makes him more realistic. And they really didn't have the budget for the fight anyways. 
Hopefully we will see more with Battle of the Blackwater.
727	Greywolf2375	2011-06-13	Didn't even notice the battles weren't there.  With so many characters and plot lines, much rather them spend time & money on that.  Since the battle on the Blackwater would appear different than just two fields of soldiers, that might be interesting to see how they render it.  Aside from Moore trying to kill Tyrion there isn't a lot in it still that would require being seen.
728	DonalNoye	2011-06-13	Just because it doesn't need to be seen doesn't mean it shouldn't be. TV is a visual medium, and therefore it needs to be visually impressive. The way we're going, Blackwater is just going to be a closeup on Sansa's face while Ros and The Hound describe everything that's happening, South Park style. That would get the point across just as well, but personally, I would rather see Tyrion rally his troops and ride into battle. I want to see Davos' apprehension, and I want to see the river erupt into wildfire. I want to see Podrick save his master from Mandon Moore, and I want to see Renly's ghost smash Stannis' army.
729	Starchaser	2011-06-13	I haven't nitpicked anything all season but now I'm seriously disappointed. I feel scammed. If they can't show a minor battle they're not going to be able to do any of the best scenes justice. They should've waited until technology was cheap enough to do it right or not do it at all.
730	aeoleron9	2011-06-13	WTF was up with Tyrion getting knocked out...looks like some lame slapstick comedy. All I wanted with Greenfork was something of an epic entrance and cut to the aftermath, which could've been easily achieved by cutting out that hammer-meets-head nonsense. Whoever came up with that idea anyway.
And WTF is up with the weird numbers. As if Robb could just sneak 18k men around without Tywin noticing. And then there's whispering wood itself. The memorial turning point of the Stark-Lannister conflict. The one battle they could've stick to the books without a crazy budget. And they just cut it.
What can I say. I'm still in shock. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
731	So1ar	2011-06-13	the whispering wood scene overall was poorly done. it would have been by FAR the easiest battle scene to show in the entire series. but apparently they couldn't even afford to have catelyn see some torches and hear swords clanking. whatever hbo. but the thing that annoys me the most is we didn't get to see robb stand in front of his men BEFORE the battle so the audience would know where they were and what was about to happen. instead we got a weird moment where the audience didn't know what just happened and then suprise! jaime has been captured. 
tbh i'm really upset with the battles. i wasn't expecting lotr style combat. but i mean come on. how expensive is it just to show some large scale soldiers lining up and then cut to some close groups doing one on one fighting for about 2 minutes? i.e. show both armies lining up and cut to tyrion and the mountain clans fighting and then tyrion is knocked out during that fight. *sigh*
732	jellydonut	2011-06-13	There's a third battle in the first book, where Robb lifts the siege on Riverrun.
Considering they changed it so he has the bulk of his army with him, and the battle is set in the final episode, I can only assume they held their guns for that particular battle.
*waits to be proven wrong by scenes cutting from Robb's tent to the courtyard in Riverrun* /wacko.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wacko:' />
733	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-13	This was pretty much what I expected from these battles. None of them are particularly important and even Rome, with twice the budget, held showing army combat to a minimum (and it still was about the part of the show with the lowest quality, although it doesn't mean it was bad). I'm not bothered by it either.
734	Bronn Stone	2011-06-13	Just because it doesn't need to be seen doesn't mean it shouldn't be. TV is a visual medium, and therefore it needs to be visually impressive. The way we're going, Blackwater is just going to be a closeup on Sansa's face while Ros and The Hound describe everything that's happening, South Park style. That would get the point across just as well, but personally, I would rather see Tyrion rally his troops and ride into battle. I want to see Davos' apprehension, and I want to see the river erupt into wildfire. I want to see Podrick save his master from Mandon Moore, and I want to see Renly's ghost smash Stannis' army.And I would rather flap my arms and fly.  You can't always get what you want.In the world of magic fairy dust land, HBO will sprinkle a few hundred million dollars per season and make your wishes come true.  Not happening here.Remember, GRRM designed the freakin' story to be unfilmable, out of his frustrations with the limitations he saw in Hollywood.  The story GRRM wrote CAN. NOT. BE. FILMED. It can however, be adapted.  The epic scale of the battles can, will and must be lost.  George understands it.  I understand it.  Many other folks here understand it.  But some here just refuse to get it.In the world of make-believe I can be the astronaut-rockstar-princess-physicist-karate master-neurosurgeon I always dreamed I'd be.  But here and now, we get what we get and we can either like it or not.  But whining isn't going to change that.
735	pixelchild	2011-06-13	the whispering wood scene overall was poorly done. it would have been by FAR the easiest battle scene to show in the entire series. but apparently they couldn't even afford to have catelyn see some torches and hear swords clanking. whatever hbo. but the thing that annoys me the most is we didn't get to see robb stand in front of his men BEFORE the battle so the audience would know where they were and what was about to happen. instead we got a weird moment where the audience didn't know what just happened and then suprise! jaime has been captured. tbh i'm really upset with the battles. i wasn't expecting lotr style combat. but i mean come on. how expensive is it just to show some large scale soldiers lining up and then cut to some close groups doing one on one fighting for about 2 minutes? i.e. show both armies lining up and cut to tyrion and the mountain clans fighting and then tyrion is knocked out during that fight. *sigh*hi. i couldn't possibly agree with you more. i will admit that i was waiting for this episode more than any episode in the entire series solely because i wanted to watch the battles. i was so excited and as soon as i saw tyrion's fade to black from getting knocked out and then the aftermath of the battle, i was so disgusted i lost interest in the episode and honestly, a bit in the series. i complained so much out loud my girlfriend told me i was ruining the entire thing for her so i shut up.some people like political intrigue and development and don't really care about battles being shown. i'm not one of them. i love epic battles.they could have at least given us some CGI. even if they decided to forego the battles, it could have been done in a better way.this truly TRULY makes the series lose it's epicness.my question: do you think that this will be it? that for the rest of the series on HBO on whichever book, the battles will be foregone?
736	julandro	2011-06-13	Sorry, but it's a bit disappointing that not show a battle
737	pixelchild	2011-06-13	And I would rather flap my arms and fly.  You can't always get what you want.In the world of magic fairy dust land, HBO will sprinkle a few hundred million dollars per season and make your wishes come true.  Not happening here.Remember, GRRM designed the freakin' story to be unfilmable, out of his frustrations with the limitations he saw in Hollywood.  The story GRRM wrote CAN. NOT. BE. FILMED. It can however, be adapted.  The epic scale of the battles can, will and must be lost.  George understands it.  I understand it.  Many other folks here understand it.  But some here just refuse to get it.In the world of make-believe I can be the astronaut-rockstar-princess-physicist-karate master-neurosurgeon I always dreamed I'd be.  But here and now, we get what we get and we can either like it or not.  But whining isn't going to change that.do you think if enough complaints come in, they'll at least use cgi for the battles in CoT, etC?
					
					
							Edited by awkwardchiho, 13 June 2011 - 12:43 PM.
738	Nihilist	2011-06-13	And I would rather flap my arms and fly.  You can't always get what you want.In the world of magic fairy dust land, HBO will sprinkle a few hundred million dollars per season and make your wishes come true.  Not happening here.Remember, GRRM designed the freakin' story to be unfilmable, out of his frustrations with the limitations he saw in Hollywood.  The story GRRM wrote CAN. NOT. BE. FILMED. It can however, be adapted.  The epic scale of the battles can, will and must be lost.  George understands it.  I understand it.  Many other folks here understand it.  But some here just refuse to get it.In the world of make-believe I can be the astronaut-rockstar-princess-physicist-karate master-neurosurgeon I always dreamed I'd be.  But here and now, we get what we get and we can either like it or not.  But whining isn't going to change that.This is an utterly ridiculous post. No one is expecting Braveheart style scenes. We are, however, shocked by the way they handled the battles.Battle of the Green Fork- We are given no description on what is actually happening. Would it have hurt to have a scene explaining Tyrion is on the left with Ser Gregor(we only get that Tyrion is in the vanguard..), Kevan commanding the middle, and Addam commanding the right, with his father commanding the reserve? This gives us a SENSE of the battle without having to use any of your PIXY dust.- Why not have a meeting with Ser Gregor where he says his infamous "Hold the river if you can" line. It actually tells us what Tyrion is doing and we need not see any battling at all(this could have happened in the camp and didn't even need to be on the battlefield!).- Tyrion gets knocked out and then appears in the cart? I watched with 5 people who didn't read the books and all of them thought he slept through the battle...Poor editing and writing.- We are expected to believe that Tywin can't tell the difference between 2,000 and 20,000 troops? Really?Whispering Woods- Easiest battle to film in the entire series. Woods + darkness and fog. How could they have passed up the chance to at least film Jaime Lannister calling out Robb's name? Or perhaps a scene where Jaime is leading his party to catch the "small force" and then sees Robb riding down(close-up of Robb and Jaime). We don't even get a DESCRIPTION of the battle from Catelyn, who is describing it in the book(though she does not see it). Even the seen we DO GET doesn't give us the information that its corresponding scene in the book does.These battles were simply disastrously filmed.
					
					
							Edited by Nihilist, 13 June 2011 - 11:18 AM.
739	Abaddon	2011-06-13	This is an utterly ridiculous post.You're right, your post is utterly ridiculous.  Thanks for summing it up so succinctly off the bat so I could skim the rest.
740	Grack21	2011-06-13	And that example I gave just proves that he doesn't have creative control. At the end of the say it's all up to the producers who can cut whatever they want. Try comprehending what I write before you mouth off. Bsssst. Wrong. No where does he say he was upset that the scene was cut. It's been obvious from day one he's in charge. And if you really think they're going to cut an entire episode written by GRRM then well, you're kidding yourself.
741	So1ar	2011-06-13	Bsssst. Wrong. No where does he say he was upset that the scene was cut. It's been obvious from day one he's in charge. And if you really think they're going to cut an entire episode written by GRRM then well, you're kidding yourself.actually he's not in charge. george has said so several times. he can have some input in a few decisions that are made such as casting etc., but he is not calling all the shots. i don't think anyone believes they'll cut an entire episode he's writing. he is writing the blackwater episode afterall, but they will cut anything that is seen as too expensive. having said that, episode 8 was still the best episode so far imo. this one should have been, but failed because of the battles. imo it's not so much that we didn't get to see any actual fighting(which would have been nice) but they way the greenfork and the whispering wood were set up. if you're not going to show the battle at least describe what is about to happen. for instance, we could have seen tywin giving commands from the reserves(and a quick 5 second view of large forces marching with banners flapping everywhere?) and asking, "where is the young wolf?" cue robb in front of a small force of calvary at night describing the plan to capture jaime. *sigh* i digress.
742	Cot	2011-06-13	Best episode for me so far, with the Aemon/Jon scene the highlight, beautifully done.
I'm annoyed by the lack of a big setpiece, not because I'm an action fanboy.  However, the problem is, if you have build up, like this series has had for the last two episodes, you have to have a climax, a pay off.  Yes, Ned's death was the climax of this episode, but it wasn't connected well enough to all the build up up North.  That was the biggest disappointment to me.  If we had the climax being a smaller skirmish with Jaime being captured, or the Green Fork in its entirety, or even the relief of Riverrun, would have been the perfect episode.
As it didn't i had this feeling something was lacking.  And they can do epic, i thought the Twins was really well done for example.
Still great episode, but hope they splurge more next season.
743	The King of Ashes	2011-06-13	This episode is going to turn a lot of people away from the series for two reasons. The first is that Sean Bean fan's will have lost Ned and be put off, but that can't be helped. 
The second reason is the clear sign the producers have sent us on the direction they're gonna go with battles. I know a lot of people who were watching game of thrones because they like medieval warfare and combat and were itching for some action but this episode has let them know they're not gonna get it. I'm not even that bothered about battle scenes but it still left a sour taste considering how easy it would have been to do Whispering Wood well and how any get out clause would have been better for the Green Fork than Tyrion sleeping through it. It all felt ridiculous and, for me, was the only disappointing episode this season.
744	Greywolf2375	2011-06-13	I haven't nitpicked anything all season but now I'm seriously disappointed. I feel scammed. If they can't show a minor battle they're not going to be able to do any of the best scenes justice. They should've waited until technology was cheap enough to do it right or not do it at all.I'm not sure how this logic follows.  Just because they did not show the battles in this episode doesn't mean they won't be able to do Blackwater or something else later in the series due service.I asked my wife - who has read the books but doesn't remember them exceptionally well - if she felt anything was missing or out of place.  She thought Shae acted differently. didn't remember Robb being as forceful and character wise developed.  Nothing about the battles - she got what she needed from seeing the ends with Rodrick and Catelyn and seeing Tyrion (with the Halfman! chant which I thought was great).We've made hundreds of posts about the sexposition, why did we need to have scenes of the battles when in and of themselves they do not put forward the plot - all ready being shoehorned into less than an hour?
745	Morrigan	2011-06-13	I understand all the budget reasons, and no one should have been expecting big Gladiator/Braveheart-style battles.
But how hard could it have been to show a few men and riders running through the woods, hearing the "whispers" of the clash of metal, and seeing Jaime cut his way through a few men before getting close to Robb? You didn't have to do much, that would have been plenty really, and it would have shown what a formidable knight Jaime is.
And for the Green Fork, it was already pretty chaotic from Tyrion's POV. Just show him surrounded by the clangor and the mess and stumbling about and surviving through luck (kind of like the battle against the hill tribe), with intelligent camerawork it need not be big or expensive at all.
746	Grumkin	2011-06-13	I can understand their reasoning for the unseen battles: why spend millions of dollars of our limited budget just to get a half-decent battle scene, then moments later upstage it with the most dramatic scene of the entire season?  The final scene was going to trump any kind of battle they could have filmed.  Next season, the battle of the blackwater won't have this kind of ultra-dramatic moment to lean on; it will have to stand on it's own, so I think we'll see some action.
747	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	I wonder if the tv show will have any effect on the way George writes ASOIAF. Will he make his future battle scenes in ASOIAF smaller scale so he can pander a possible adaptation of his future novels if Game of Thrones is renewed for a 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th season?No.He wrote AsoiaF because he was pissed off that he could never do things properly on TV. That is why the books have so much details: He didnt care one bit about restrictions.
748	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	This episode is going to turn a lot of people away from the series for two reasons. The first is that Sean Bean fan's will have lost Ned and be put off, but that can't be helped. The second reason is the clear sign the producers have sent us on the direction they're gonna go with battles. I know a lot of people who were watching game of thrones because they like medieval warfare and combat and were itching for some action but this episode has let them know they're not gonna get it. I'm not even that bothered about battle scenes but it still left a sour taste considering how easy it would have been to do Whispering Wood well and how any get out clause would have been better for the Green Fork than Tyrion sleeping through it. It all felt ridiculous and, for me, was the only disappointing episode this season.Cant you even get Robb in a table discussing strategy with his bannerman? That would take 2 minutes or less. Yet they spent so much time in Tyrions fucking drinking game.
749	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	I can understand their reasoning for the unseen battles: why spend millions of dollars of our limited budget just to get a half-decent battle scene, then moments later upstage it with the most dramatic scene of the entire season?  The final scene was going to trump any kind of battle they could have filmed.  Next season, the battle of the blackwater won't have this kind of ultra-dramatic moment to lean on; it will have to stand on it's own, so I think we'll see some action.Well it would be amazing if they compared RobbÂ´s great moment of triumph with his father being beheaded.Yet they not only didnt show the battle but also gave Robb the lamest speach ever.
750	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	The thing with WW is it's a frigging night battle- it's  about the only time they can convincingly do a battle scene and pull it off without worrying about the size of armies etc. So they skipped it...
751	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-13	This is an utterly ridiculous post. No one is expecting Braveheart style scenes. We are, however, shocked by the way they handled the battles.Battle of the Green Fork- We are given no description on what is actually happening. Would it have hurt to have a scene explaining Tyrion is on the left with Ser Gregor(we only get that Tyrion is in the vanguard..), Kevan commanding the middle, and Addam commanding the right, with his father commanding the reserve? This gives us a SENSE of the battle without having to use any of your PIXY dust.- Why not have a meeting with Ser Gregor where he says his infamous "Hold the river if you can" line. It actually tells us what Tyrion is doing and we need not see any battling at all(this could have happened in the camp and didn't even need to be on the battlefield!).- Tyrion gets knocked out and then appears in the cart? I watched with 5 people who didn't read the books and all of them thought he slept through the battle...Poor editing and writing.- We are expected to believe that Tywin can't tell the difference between 2,000 and 20,000 troops? Really?- We are given a sense of the battle by the visual of the battlefield at the end.  The things you mentioned are just not important.  We already know Tyrion (a character we care about) was supposed to be in the van.  The others just don't matter.  I'm not sure we even know who Adam Marbrand is at this point.- Again, we know Tyrion is in the van.  It might have been nice to see The Mountain, just to emphasize that he's Tywin's blunt instrument, but otherwise, it's not important.- I thought it was pretty clear that Tyrion had been unconscious the whole time.  I don't know why anyone would assume he was sleeping.  We saw the hammer crack him in the head.- This was the point of the scout that Robb let go last episode, as well as the ravens they shot down coming out of the Twins.  Tywin's scout had informed him of the 20k figure (heck, maybe even more than one scout had reported back) prior to Robb splitting the army.  Once battle was joined, Tywin probably figured it out pretty quickly, but Robb's whole strategy was to deceive Tywin, and it worked.  I don't find it that hard to believe.Whispering Woods- Easiest battle to film in the entire series. Woods + darkness and fog. How could they have passed up the chance to at least film Jaime Lannister calling out Robb's name? Or perhaps a scene where Jaime is leading his party to catch the "small force" and then sees Robb riding down(close-up of Robb and Jaime). We don't even get a DESCRIPTION of the battle from Catelyn, who is describing it in the book(though she does not see it). Even the seen we DO GET doesn't give us the information that its corresponding scene in the book does.It wasn't a dealbreaker for me, but I do agree that the Whispering Wood was a lost opportunity.  They could have shown Jaime's prowess, more of Grey Wind, and explained what Robb was trying to do a bit better without breaking the bank on a large scale battle.
752	Xanderpanda	2011-06-13	I've said it before in this thread and I'll say it again. This day in age it is not that hard to show a battle on a cable budget. Showtime has had no trouble showing large scale battles and armies in multiple scenes in more then one of there shows. Shows whose budgets have been lower then GoT. It is very possible to show decent enough shots for a few seconds so the audience can see the scale of the war taking place.
753	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	Season 2 Blackwater predictions. To all those saying that HBO won't screw us over on the Blackwater. Here's how they'll do it.
The Hound tells Tyrion of the horrors outside the walls and deserts. Then a long talking scene with Sansa happens. Tyrion gives a long speech to his men and is seen charging out of the gates with his men. Fade to black. He wakes up in a bed and Pod tells him of his heroic deeds and how Renly's ghost saved the day. Davos gives a long speech and then commands his lone ship to enter fiery haze with everything obscured by smoke. Fade to black. He wakes up in Sallador's ship and is told of what happened. No actual fighting happens.
I'll repost this after the Blackwater airs.
754	Stubby	2011-06-13	[MOD]
Enough with the sniping at each other please.
[/MOD]
755	Nihilist	2011-06-13	- We are given a sense of the battle by the visual of the battlefield at the end.  The things you mentioned are just not important.  We already know Tyrion (a character we care about) was supposed to be in the van.  The others just don't matter.  I'm not sure we even know who Adam Marbrand is at this point.We are not given a sense of the battle. We are given a sense of the AFTERMATH of the battle. How does showing a bunch of dead bodies on a field give us any idea of what actually took place? Even a couple lines between Tyrion and Tywin about what actually HAPPENED in the battle would have helped. Addam Marbrand is mentioned when Tywin gets the report that Robb is moving to meet him. So this wouldn't have been the first time he is even mentioned. I find the position, that mentioning a few specifics about the battle is a waste of time, ridiculous(you really needed 9+ min drinking game is that it?).What we do have of the battle:-Tyrion rallies his Mountain men and they run off in a direction(we don't know where they are actually going just into the battle).-Tyrion gets knocked out by his own men. -Tyrion wakes up on a cart. Bronn points out they won and Tyrion is a shit warrior(he isn't even a warrior it seems).-We learn that the 2,000 sent by Robb are dead and that Tywin Lannister and his scouts need eyeglasses.Man, I'm feeling that battle.- Again, we know Tyrion is in the van.  It might have been nice to see The Mountain, just to emphasize that he's Tywin's blunt instrument, but otherwise, it's not important.Knowing where Tyrion is actually supposed to go on a battlefield isn't important? Nor is Tywin's positioning or strategy? If they ain't going to show us the battle why not throw us a a freaking bone?  - I thought it was pretty clear that Tyrion had been unconscious the whole time.  I don't know why anyone would assume he was sleeping.  We saw the hammer crack him in the head.Hmm what are you doing when you are unconscious...sleeping. And if he was unconscious the whole time...then he never was ACTUALLY IN the battle was he?- This was the point of the scout that Robb let go last episode, as well as the ravens they shot down coming out of the Twins.  Tywin's scout had informed him of the 20k figure (heck, maybe even more than one scout had reported back) prior to Robb splitting the army.  Once battle was joined, Tywin probably figured it out pretty quickly, but Robb's whole strategy was to deceive Tywin, and it worked.  I don't find it that hard to believe.So mistaking a force 1/10th the size of the actual force is believable? The whole ruse works in the books because Robb commits the MAJORITY of his forces to the battle. This way simply makes no sense. Any non-retard would have scouts for miles around his encampment. How these scouts can't tell the difference between 2,000 and 20,000 is mind boggling.It wasn't a dealbreaker for me, but I do agree that the Whispering Wood was a lost opportunity.  They could have shown Jaime's prowess, more of Grey Wind, and explained what Robb was trying to do a bit better without breaking the bank on a large scale battle.On that at least, we agree. Except the deal breaker part. It was a deal breaker for me.
756	Corvinus	2011-06-14	I was just thinking for season 2 they could at least show the little battle (skirmish) when Arya's party is attacked by Ser Amory Lorch. That should fit in the budget, and it ought to have plenty of gore which HBO likes. 
No hopes for the Blackwater. Some hopes for Winterfell.
757	Anomandaris86	2011-06-14	Season 2 Blackwater predictions. To all those saying that HBO won't screw us over on the Blackwater. Here's how they'll do it.The Hound tells Tyrion of the horrors outside the walls and deserts. Then a long talking scene with Sansa happens. Tyrion gives a long speech to his men and is seen charging out of the gates with his men. Fade to black. He wakes up in a bed and Pod tells him of his heroic deeds and how Renly's ghost saved the day. Davos gives a long speech and then commands his lone ship to enter fiery haze with everything obscured by smoke. Fade to black. He wakes up in Sallador's ship and is told of what happened. No actual fighting happens.I'll repost this after the Blackwater airs.Fuck, I didn't need to read that.
758	Sega AM2	2011-06-14	Is anyone really shocked that HBO didn't show both battles at all? GRRM himself said he didn't know HBO would handle the battle sequences and it is obvious now why they kept him in the dark. 
When the show basically wrote off the direwolves completely the last few episodes I figured that CGI wasn't really in the budget and that we wouldn't see a larger version of Grey Wind or Ghost. And early scenes like the Hand's Tournament had sparsely a hundred extras in that scene as spectators, as opposed to the book where thousands from all over the realm come the King's Landing to spectate and participate. If HBO scaled down the Hand's Tournament then of course they would either scale down or eliminate battle sequences. 
The worst is that we barely even see Robb's army, for people who haven't read the books it must be difficult for them to understand that Robb marches with 18,000 men behind him. It seems like Robb leads a band of maybe dozens if you are only a television viewer. 
Very odd choices from HBO so far in the show and I can't say that I am impressed. Odd things like giving Littlefinger the Hound's lines about his burns and cutting Jorah's "when the high lords play their game of thrones" line puzzle me and I guess they'll be trying and failing to improve upon GRRM's work. Maybe they don't respect the source material enough and they think that they can do better than GRRM on his own story?
759	Anomandaris86	2011-06-14	So mistaking a force 1/10th the size of the actual force is believable? The whole ruse works in the books because Robb commits the MAJORITY of his forces to the battle.Can someone refresh my memory on the logistics of this? As I remember it it was close to an even split.
					
					
							Edited by Anomandaris86, 14 June 2011 - 03:49 AM.
760	gotthammer	2011-06-14	I also found the lack of battles disappointing. What's worse, I think, is also how the two events that should have had battles were depicted...they kinda felt 'rushed' (I also kinda get that feeling for most of the half of the episode, I think).
I guess for some folks, like me, there was an expectation to see more 'cool stuff'. I mean, the intro and the establishing shots for various locations were great...so I kinda assumed that we would see 'more'. 
The Hand's tournament was disappointing (I really wanted to see Thoros, and I think my friend wanted a better intro for Dondarrion), but kinda understandable. 
The lack of showing the battles in this episode, even one of them (particularly the one for the Whispering Woods) was rather...sad. 
Oh well, I hope they do show battles and stuff next season (I wonder if they'll ever show the Ironborn AT sea. I mean, if they can't show a skirmish in the woods, at night... *shrugs* )
/smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
761	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-14	Is anyone really shocked that HBO didn't show both battles at all? GRRM himself said he didn't know HBO would handle the battle sequences and it is obvious now why they kept him in the dark.I wasn't the least surprised. Looking at Rome, which had twice the budget and very little battle scenes (which still looked of less quality than the rest), it seemed obvious that there would be very little of that in GoT. As for what they told GRRM I have a very hard time believing that they deliberately keep things from him just because they think he won't like it. He's just not been that involved in the project since he has his writing.
762	elmis	2011-06-14	Can someone refresh my memory on the logistics of this? As I remember it it was close to an even split.If I remember it correctly...In the books Robb takes all his knights and mounted men west towards Rivverrun where they surprise Jamie and his three hosts. As far as I can recall, they took about 7000 men (uncluding the men from the Twins). The rest of his forces (the foot and their commanders, Lord Bolton ect) move south toward the Ruby ford where they engage Lord Tywin.Bolton is left in charge of that host because he knows that he won't overcommit in the battle against Tywin. He'll attack then withdraw, enabling Robb to lift the siege on Rivverrun.
763	elmis	2011-06-14	I didn't really care that we didn't get to see the battle at the Green Fork, having Tyrion get knocked out and waking up when it was done wasn't a bad idea. I have a problem that apparently a Stonecrow or whatever was the one that knocked him out. That whole speech and the charge of the savages was not that great. 
They really could have shown some of the battle in the Whispering Woods. I really felt like they missed their chance there. It is Robbs first taste of battle, we really get to see how good Jamie is, the sons of Karstark/Umber dying, it could have been some powerful stuff. Instead we get some riders galloping across fields filled with snow (also wtf, snow? Riverrun isn't THAT far north of King's Landing which is shown to have a Mediterranean climate.), and a super lame speech.
764	stannis for king	2011-06-14	my post from another thread
i didnt like how they robbed us of the whispering wood, iirc it was more a skirmish with a few knights as jaime was rather over confident with his siege of riverrun and often went out with his scouts, so numbers shouldnt be a problem with regards to cost..
and in the books i really loved jaimes 'i would offer you my sword, but i seemed to have misplaced it' knowing full well that it was 'misplaced' in one of lord karstark's sons neck.. without seeing that it lost its dark humour and arrogance for me.
i just hope they have saved budget for next weeks episode, a bit worried that dany is going to come out of the fire with spyro, yoshi and godzuki around her!   
still though, i am loving this adaptation, its only a opinion on my part, but the more i think about it and the more comments i read, the more sceptical i become. i know non-book readers i have encouraged to watch this have been asking me when are we gonna see some action... i promised them this episode would be full of it... oh well  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
					
					
							Edited by stannis for king, 14 June 2011 - 07:43 AM.
765	Talleyrand	2011-06-14	I'm still trying to figure out how none of Tywin's scouts can tell the difference between 2,000 and 20,000. I suppose only members of the great houses can count
766	Leuf	2011-06-14	I'm not even really sure if that was just the Whispering Wood or if they simplified things so much that Jaime's army is actually defeated already.  They didn't set anything up as far as luring Jaime into the trap so if you haven't read the books wouldn't you just think in order to capture Jaime they had to defeat his army?  If that's the case then it makes sense that they didn't show the Whispering Wood, because it just doesn't happen.  If that was the Whispering Wood then they did a terrible job of setting it up and not showing it.  
Whether there's 2000 or 12000 men for Tywin's army to fight doesn't really matter once he's engaged to the battle.  The thing was that he had to think all of Robb's army was there so they couldn't get a message to the other army to warn them.  If the surprise is already complete it doesn't matter that Tywin knows he's been had as soon as he can see the army.
767	Morrigan	2011-06-14	I'm still trying to figure out how none of Tywin's scouts can tell the difference between 2,000 and 20,000. I suppose only members of the great houses can countUhh what? The scout didn't mistake 2000 men for 20000. He did mistake 18k with 20k, but the whole point of the strategy is that the scout will report 20k, but Robb will send only 2k against Tywin and sends the rest against Jaime.
768	Talleyrand	2011-06-14	Uhh what? The scout didn't mistake 2000 men for 20000. He did mistake 18k with 20k, but the whole point of the strategy is that the scout will report 20k, but Robb will send only 2k against Tywin and sends the rest against Jaime.No, how were none of the scouts able to tell that the force that left the Twins to go for Tywin was a tenth of the size they thought it was
769	Morrigan	2011-06-14	What scouts were those? By the time the 2k men were around, it was too late for them to realize the main force wasn't there, they were already engaged.
770	So1ar	2011-06-14	What scouts were those? By the time the 2k men were around, it was too late for them to realize the main force wasn't there, they were already engaged.he's assuming tywin had scouts all over the place to warn them of any force marching towards them(which i'm sure he did), and the 2000 men didn't just appear over the horizion and yell "suprise!"
771	Marcus Adler	2011-06-14	I'm worried about this.It appears your worries were well justified.   /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
772	gotthammer	2011-06-14	A slightly related point:
I think that putting subtitles for locations would have helped. If I hadn't read the books, I wouldn't know where the 'other battle' was.
Something like, for the aftermath of the battle of the Green Fork, in subtitles, during the scene showing the aftermath:
"Aftermath of the Battle of the Green Fork (in smaller letters "The Riverlands")"
Then at the scene where Robb was arriving:
"The Whispering Woods (in smaller letters: "The Riverlands, West <right?> of the Green Fork")"
Or something like that. the same for other locations (like: "The Sept of Baelor (in smaller letters: "the holiest sept of the Faith of the Seven")")
...or characters (think old WW2 movies where they show something like, Generalfeldmarschall Erich von Manstein, Commander, Army Group South. Ex.: while Tywin is present and in focus, subtitles saying: "Tywin Lannister (in smaller letters: "Lord of House Lannister, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West")")
IMHO, that would've helped with generating, if only a little, a better 'sense of scale'. (I'm pretty sure subtitles won't 'hurt the budget'...)
/smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
773	Nihilist	2011-06-15	Uhh what? The scout didn't mistake 2000 men for 20000. He did mistake 18k with 20k, but the whole point of the strategy is that the scout will report 20k, but Robb will send only 2k against Tywin and sends the rest against Jaime.Which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. In the books, Robb sends the majority of his force against Tywin and Bolton tries to attack them in surprise(they forced marched during the night) trying to catch him off guard. Tywin of course had scouts that spotted this host coming, but since it was the majority of the Stark host, they did not think to go "hey where are all those other guys?".Tywin has a host of 30,000 men, and 2,000 march on him? How do his scouts not tell him that? Are we to believe he DOESN'T have scouts for miles around? So what exactly is the difference between him and Stafford Lannister? Whose mistakes of not posting sentries is vilified by pretty much everyone in the books...In fact, that would make Tywin even MORE of an idiot than Uncle Dolt. Since Dolty was actually in Lannister territory.Completely unbelievable.
					
					
							Edited by Nihilist, 15 June 2011 - 05:51 AM.
774	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	What scouts were those? By the time the 2k men were around, it was too late for them to realize the main force wasn't there, they were already engaged.Look at the maps and see where they split and where they actually end fighting. There is a lot of ground to cover and a lot of oportunities for scouting.
775	Abaddon	2011-06-15	Look at the maps and see where they split and where they actually end fighting. There is a lot of ground to cover and a lot of oportunities for scouting....if one were to take those opportunities, sure.  My read on the matter is that Tywin is so confident that the "green boy" is coming head on with all of his forces, and he knows how many forces he has, that he doesn't feel a need to do any more extensive scouting.  Robb's decoy force also steals a march on him (thus the early arrival) and by the time they are engaged it's far too late for them to do anything other than go through with the 'fight' (with such a small force, likely to be more of a slaughter).Tywin has an over-inflated reputation as a commander, and he shows it here by grossly under-estimating his opponent and taking the bait that is laid out before him.  Makes sense to me.
776	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	Which makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. In the books, Robb sends the majority of his force against Tywin and Bolton tries to attack them in surprise(they forced marched during the night) trying to catch him off guard. Tywin of course had scouts that spotted this host coming, but since it was the majority of the Stark host, they did not think to go "hey where are all those other guys?".Tywin has a host of 30,000 men, and 2,000 march on him? How do his scouts not tell him that? Are we to believe he DOESN'T have scouts for miles around? So what exactly is the difference between him and Stafford Lannister? Whose mistakes of not posting sentries is vilified by pretty much everyone in the books...In fact, that would make Tywin even MORE of an idiot than Uncle Dolt. Since Dolty was actually in Lannister territory.Completely unbelievable.The scouting issue is in both the book and the show as the northmen come very close to Tywin's army before they are spotted, which causes a mild panic.As for the numbers, the northmen are likely travelling through the forest that we see (they are coming out of the forest in the book as well to hide their numbers, IIRC), which makes it harder to see if the vanguard is alone. Since they also came so close before they were spotted the scouts might have panicked since they need to warn Tywin as soon as possible, instead of estimating the force which already has been done.There's a lot of things that need to happen for it to work but I do think you have been forgetting things in your estimation.
777	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-15	...if one were to take those opportunities, sure.  My read on the matter is that Tywin is so confident that the "green boy" is coming head on with all of his forces, and he knows how many forces he has, that he doesn't feel a need to do any more extensive scouting.  Robb's decoy force also steals a march on him (thus the early arrival) and by the time they are engaged it's far too late for them to do anything other than go through with the 'fight' (with such a small force, likely to be more of a slaughter).Tywin has an over-inflated reputation as a commander, and he shows it here by grossly under-estimating his opponent and taking the bait that is laid out before him.  Makes sense to me.There's underestimating and then there's ignoring the basic rules of military strategy, and this would be the latter...
778	Nihilist	2011-06-15	The scouting issue is in both the book and the show as the northmen come very close to Tywin's army before they are spotted, which causes a mild panic.As for the numbers, the northmen are likely travelling through the forest that we see (they are coming out of the forest in the book as well to hide their numbers, IIRC), which makes it harder to see if the vanguard is alone. Since they also came so close before they were spotted the scouts might have panicked since they need to warn Tywin as soon as possible, instead of estimating the force which already has been done.There's a lot of things that need to happen for it to work but I do think you have been forgetting things in your estimation.Close as in miles away! And forests or no forests trained scouts should be able to tell the SIGNIFICANT difference between 2,000 and 20,000. How the land is described in the books;"The ground was rolling and uneven here; soft and muddy near the river, rising in a gentle slope toward the kingsroad, stony and broken beyond it, to the east. A few trees spotted the hillsides, but most of the land had been cleared and planted."As for catching Tywin Lannister unaware..."Did he think to take them unawares while the slept? Small chance of that; wahtever else might be said of him, Tywin Lannister was no man's fool."When Tyrion sees them they are coming over a hill...not out of a forest. And his reaction..."Gods be damned, look at them all."So no I don't buy this "they came out of the nonexistent forest" thing.
779	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	Close as in miles away! And forests or no forests trained scouts should be able to tell the SIGNIFICANT difference between 2,000 and 20,000. How the land is described in the books;"The ground was rolling and uneven here; soft and muddy near the river, rising in a gentle slope toward the kingsroad, stony and broken beyond it, to the east. A few trees spotted the hillsides, but most of the land had been cleared and planted."As for catching Tywin Lannister unaware..."Did he think to take them unawares while the slept? Small chance of that; wahtever else might be said of him, Tywin Lannister was no man's fool."When Tyrion sees them they are coming over a hill...not out of a forest. And his reaction..."Gods be damned, look at them all."So no I don't buy this "they came out of the nonexistent forest" thing.Then I remember wrong from the book but there is a forest there in the show so it's not nonexistent, given that it's the show we're discussing. Nothing says that the Lannister scouts reported 20 000 men coming either. They could have expected that other parts of the northern force were trying to flank them since the only thing we see being sent out is the vanguard.And they didn't catch him unaware (no one has said that either) but they came close earlier than the Lannisters had expected. If someone has stolen a night's march on you you've screwed up. And Tywin was Robb's fool because he sat there and waited for him because he underestimated his intelligence. He was known as a great commander but he didn't really show it in that part of the book, or the show.And in the end you don't have to buy anything. There's tons of things that require suspension of disbelief, both in the show and in the books, and we all decide how far we're willing to go to do that.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 15 June 2011 - 12:00 PM.
780	Caligula_K	2011-06-15	Whoa. I think everybody needs to take a chill pill.
Yes, it's too bad we didn't at least get a part of the Whispering Woods. It would have been fun to watch Jaime trying to get at Robb, taking down a couple of extras (Karstarks) along the way. But does this really ruin the entire episode, an episode which had some of the best scenes of the entire season? 
And no need to get over-dramatic. Just because they didn't show these battles does not mean the same will happen to the Blackwater. Rome may not have had any battle scenes in its first season, but the producers did the battle of Philippi some justice due to its importance in the narrative. The battle of Blackwater is the climax to A Clash of Kings in a way which Whispering Woods and Green Fork are definitely not to A Game of Thrones. And there is an entire episode called Blackwater being written by Martin. It may not be the BIGGEST BATTLE SCENE EVER!!!!! but it will be a battle scene.
781	Leuf	2011-06-15	The thing that bothers me about the 2000 men is why would they rush down to fight Tywin?  Why even send anyone?  In the books Tywin is made to believe that Robb's entire army is attacking him so that he can't get any warning to Jaime's forces, and there's at least a small chance that Tywin will be defeated as well even though that's not the main goal.  So why have the 2000 men rush down there overnight so that Tywin can figure out Robb's army is somewhere else after dispatching them that much faster?  What the hell is the point of sending those 2000 men to die?  By the time Tywin got up to the Twins area and found out that Robb's army isn't where it's supposed to be the battle would already be over.  Rather than dividing his forces being a really clever move that doesn't quite work out as best it could have, Robb just stupidly sends 2000 men off to die for no reason other than to confuse the audience into thinking the Lannisters have won for 5 seconds.
782	bcshelton72	2011-06-15	These battles were simply disastrously filmed.I could not agree with your post more. You are exactly right.GIVEN the budget limitations of adaptation, they handled it very poorly. There is substantial drama and character development in both the battles that were not shown in Episode 9.To all the apologists, these comments are not whining. They are criticism that can possibly help D&D improve their adaptation of A Clash of Kings. Or do you want to see a "clashless" Clash of Kings? Did I simply imagine the phrase "WAR of the five kings"?
					
					
							Edited by bcshelton72, 15 June 2011 - 01:04 PM.
783	RSasoiaf	2011-06-15	And you guys are forgetting the most important part of the strategy change.....you are forgetting what was the objective of Bolton.
The objective was to give battle but not to comit too much. Why??? Because BoltonÂ´s force has to keep itself alive in order to keep Tywin off the balance. Bolton needÂ´s to have a force able to screen Tywin and harass his comunication lines and what not.
If we now have Tywin Lannister commanding 30.000 men and totally free to act, the implications are interesting, he can now surround the Twins and convince the Freys to turn to his side. ThereÂ´s no more Frey infantry nearby to help so the 400 men guard at the Twins will be trying to hold the fortress against 30.000......hmmmm......no matter how strong the Twins are, 400 against 30.000??? And with Lord Frey commanding??? Tywin will be lord of the Twins as soon as he wants. 
So now Robb doesnt even need to mess everything up with Jeyne. By the time Tywin forces Lord Frey to turn side, the Frey men with Robb will leave him. After that, he will get in the same trouble much sooner then in the books. 
The importance of BoltonÂ´s force staying alive was paramount to the whole strategy! And that was also why he didnt pick Theon for the job. Theon could well beat Tywin but he could also fight to the death and loose the whole force. 
Also, the danger in RobbÂ´s plan was a lot greater in the series. If he justs leaves 2.000 men behind.....if Tywin finds out he can just go after Robb and cruch him from behind when he faces Jaime. From a military point of view, RobbÂ´s strategy in the TV is too risky and totally deppends on the fact that Tywin will never realize how many men he has in front of him. If Tywin realizes, he just has to persue Robb while getting in touch with Jaime in order to cruch the enemy bettween them. And this danger is really big if consider that Robb is now moving slowly because he is advancing with is infantry also to Riverrun. And I do not suppose he has a corp of NapoleonÂ´s army or Stonewalls foot cavalry with him /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by RSasoiaf, 15 June 2011 - 04:52 PM.
784	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	...if one were to take those opportunities, sure.  My read on the matter is that Tywin is so confident that the "green boy" is coming head on with all of his forces, and he knows how many forces he has, that he doesn't feel a need to do any more extensive scouting.  Robb's decoy force also steals a march on him (thus the early arrival) and by the time they are engaged it's far too late for them to do anything other than go through with the 'fight' (with such a small force, likely to be more of a slaughter).Tywin has an over-inflated reputation as a commander, and he shows it here by grossly under-estimating his opponent and taking the bait that is laid out before him.  Makes sense to me.For me it doesnt. A bit earlier they say that the enemy forces are about one day walking distance. If they saw these forces they would at least be able to know it wasnt 20.000 or even 5.000 troops.EVERY ARMY has scouts. Its one of the basics of warfare. Most generals even have spies in other armies among the camp folowers. Sun Tzu knew that 2500 years ago. With 8.000 years of MEDIEVAL warfare Im pretty sure WesteroÂ´s generals would know about that.The only, only possible way they would be so confused is if all of TywinÂ´s scouts were dead or they were given false information (double agents).
785	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	The scouting issue is in both the book and the show as the northmen come very close to Tywin's army before they are spotted, which causes a mild panic.As for the numbers, the northmen are likely travelling through the forest that we see (they are coming out of the forest in the book as well to hide their numbers, IIRC), which makes it harder to see if the vanguard is alone. Since they also came so close before they were spotted the scouts might have panicked since they need to warn Tywin as soon as possible, instead of estimating the force which already has been done.There's a lot of things that need to happen for it to work but I do think you have been forgetting things in your estimation.If they had scouts before RobbÂ´s forces even split, how much time they would have after that? Days, weeks? Months? IM pretty sure that is enough time.Another possibility is that Tywin knows its only 2.000 and sends Tyrion in the Van because he knows the battle will be easy and that is a good way to test him. That is why Tywin doesnt know its only 2.000.Anyway, a 2.000 men suicidal force is a stupid concept anyway. Why atack like that, why waste so many man? You acomplish nothing. You could delay the enemy a few hours, but nothing beside that. It wouldnt be enough time to change the war strategy. Even with surprise you wouldnt be able to win when youÂ´re 15 to 1, unless youre able to rout the enemy, and to do do that they would need to atack in the night, not in the morning.The 2.000 army concept is uterly ridiculous.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 15 June 2011 - 06:03 PM.
786	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	The thing that bothers me about the 2000 men is why would they rush down to fight Tywin?  Why even send anyone?  In the books Tywin is made to believe that Robb's entire army is attacking him so that he can't get any warning to Jaime's forces, and there's at least a small chance that Tywin will be defeated as well even though that's not the main goal.  So why have the 2000 men rush down there overnight so that Tywin can figure out Robb's army is somewhere else after dispatching them that much faster?  What the hell is the point of sending those 2000 men to die?  By the time Tywin got up to the Twins area and found out that Robb's army isn't where it's supposed to be the battle would already be over.  Rather than dividing his forces being a really clever move that doesn't quite work out as best it could have, Robb just stupidly sends 2000 men off to die for no reason other than to confuse the audience into thinking the Lannisters have won for 5 seconds.Exactly.You acomplish nothing by atacking. Ok, youÂ´ve made them believe Robb is coming in force to atack Tywin. But why atack? I doubt any general or comander would waste 2.000 troops for absolutely nothing.In the book Roose atacks but retreat in an ordely fashion quite soon and before his troops rout. Yet he only atacked in the first place because he still had a chance since he was only outnumbered 2 to 1, which isnt such a big disavantage if you control other variables (morale, army disposition, landscape, weather etc).
787	Leuf	2011-06-15	If we now have Tywin Lannister commanding 30.000 men and totally free to act, the implications are interesting, he can now surround the Twins and convince the Freys to turn to his side. ThereÂ´s no more Frey infantry nearby to help so the 400 men guard at the Twins will be trying to hold the fortress against 30.000......hmmmm......no matter how strong the Twins are, 400 against 30.000??? And with Lord Frey commanding??? Tywin will be lord of the Twins as soon as he wants. Robb isn't on the moon.  He can get to the Twins in plenty of time to reinforce it and then fight Tywin from a superior position.  Tywin can't cross the river or pass Moat Cailin, and he also can't really forget about the Vale either who could decide to come out to play.  He'll still go back to Harrenhall.  They aren't going to rewrite the whole series.Also, the danger in RobbÂ´s plan was a lot greater in the series. If he justs leaves 2.000 men behind.....if Tywin finds out he can just go after Robb and cruch him from behind when he faces Jaime. Tywin is on the wrong side of the Trident.  He can't get there before the battle is over, unless he finds out well in advance.  Which is why it makes no sense why the 2000 man force runs down there as fast as they can to let him know.
788	RSasoiaf	2011-06-15	Robb isn't on the moon.  He can get to the Twins in plenty of time to reinforce it and then fight Tywin from a superior position.  Tywin can't cross the river or pass Moat Cailin, and he also can't really forget about the Vale either who could decide to come out to play.  He'll still go back to Harrenhall.  They aren't going to rewrite the whole series.Tywin is on the wrong side of the Trident.  He can't get there before the battle is over, unless he finds out well in advance.  Which is why it makes no sense why the 2000 man force runs down there as fast as they can to let him know.Robb is in bettween 2 oposing armies, moving his whole force which will make him loose speed. Tywin and Jaime just have to give him battle somewhere with one half and surprise him in the back with some cavalry from the other half. Pretty much what Robb did to Jaime....just now Robb is also in danger of suffering that because he is no more commanding a fast cavalry force.He will not be able to reinforce the Twins in time unless he splits his army again, which will give Tywin another nice detachment to kill. Also, we all know Lord Frey and i would like to see how much time it would take for him to give the Twins to the Lannisters if he was left alone with 400 guards against Tywin /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Also, his move on Jaime will have to be slower giving more time for Jaime to react. That is really the problem! To make a surprise cavalry assault from the Twins to Riverrun is plausible.....to make a surprise full army assault on the same distance is impossible. They will take time and can be spotted on the way. Also Tywin can spot the split and follow them or go for the Twins. If Tywin is free, he is free....thereÂ´s nothing to be done about that. You just left a 30.000 men army free on your back so good luck with that! Just hope that commander decides to sit there and do nothing......hopefully he will....for no apparent reason but ok /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />And there is a reason why Tywin is on the "wrong side". He is on te side of the road, which is usually where big armies travel faster. I can assure you it will not be easy for Robb to get his full army straight from the Twins to Riverrun doing cross country. That is why his choice was to take only a smaller fast and mobile cavalry force, easier to go around woods and stuff like that.Regardng Moat Caillin: You seem to think itÂ´s defended to stop a 30.000 army. I am sorry to disagree but the Greyjoy invasion shows that nothing in Winterfell is currently ready to face a real army. The only real seizable forces the North has are now with Robb. Yes, they can get some forces if they do look around, but itÂ´s a bit optimistic to think they can find anything that could stop Tywins army. Once they remove Bolton from the equation, thereÂ´s nothing bettween Tywin and Winterfell, or at least nothing strong enough.That said, i tell you what i would do if i was Tywin:- Quickly inform Jaime of RobbÂ´s movement and tell Jaime to adapt defensive formations and wait for Robb, his orders will be just to keep the road open for our comunications so that we keep the axis Riverrun / Harrenhall / Tywin allways free.- Move all my infantry to press the Twins. This will either make Lord Frey turn to my side or force Robb to change plans and now trully split his forces. If he splits, now we will be watching and Jaime will be aware of Robb being nearby so Jaime just have to take the oportunity if it presents itself. The trick is that we control the roads so we will be able to send messengers and comunicate faster then Robb can move his force (even if he is moving them on a shorter distance their speed is allways far slower then cavalry).- After i secure the Twins, make Lord Frey call his men back depleating RobbÂ´s force. Once the Frey allegiance is secured, march North to Winterfell and tell Jaime to crush Robb if he hasnt done it already. Remember that with no surprise effect, Robb has 20.000 against JaimeÂ´s 30.000. I doubt Riverrun will send any help as they will be without any info on whaÂ´s going on and will need time to organize themselves and think what to do next.
					
					
							Edited by RSasoiaf, 15 June 2011 - 07:20 PM.
789	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-15	If you donÂ<U+0092>t think about it too much, the battle with TywinÂ<U+0092>s forces works.  His scouts see the Northern army and count to 20,000.  They report back to Tywin.  As soon as the scouts depart, Robb splits off his 18,000 men and heads to the Twins.  The 2,000 he left behind attacks before they can be re-scouted.
HereÂ<U+0092>s the problem Â<U+0096> Tywin knows where the army is because itÂ<U+0092>s said that the northern army Â<U+0093>steals a nightÂ<U+0092>s march.Â<U+0094>  Which means that scouts knew where they were the night before, and, presumably, knew how many guys were there.  So this only works if Robb split the army the night before they attacked, which means that the trip to the Twins takes less than a day.  And the subsequent trip from the Twins to the Whispering Wood takes less than a day.  Obviously this is a pretty messed up timeline, because now that means that Tywin could hustle his army up to the Twins and have them besieged before Robb can send more men back to detain him.
Ugh, I was fine with this until I started reading these comments!  Now IÂ<U+0092>m all annoyed!
790	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-15	If they had scouts before RobbÂ´s forces even split, how much time they would have after that? Days, weeks? Months? IM pretty sure that is enough time.Another possibility is that Tywin knows its only 2.000 and sends Tyrion in the Van because he knows the battle will be easy and that is a good way to test him. That is why Tywin doesnt know its only 2.000.Anyway, a 2.000 men suicidal force is a stupid concept anyway. Why atack like that, why waste so many man? You acomplish nothing. You could delay the enemy a few hours, but nothing beside that. It wouldnt be enough time to change the war strategy. Even with surprise you wouldnt be able to win when youÂ´re 15 to 1, unless youre able to rout the enemy, and to do do that they would need to atack in the night, not in the morning.The 2.000 army concept is uterly ridiculous.I don't know what you're talking about. The northern host steals a day's march on them in both the book and the show so apparently there weren't any scouts watching them until they were very close, otherwise Tywin's host would have known much earlier as a single scout can travel much quicker than the host.The point of sending so few is a far better complaint than what the other poster did. The host sent against Tywin was obviously never intended to have any chance in neither the book or the show, but the 2000 men can't delay them as long. Then again there were perhaps not the same kind of delay necessary since in the show Tywin's host is obviously basically on the same side of the Trident as Riverrun in the show, and not as far away either. It seems more like something to occupy Tywin at the very same time as Robb attacks Jaime.Tywin is on the wrong side of the Trident.  He can't get there before the battle is over, unless he finds out well in advance.  Which is why it makes no sense why the 2000 man force runs down there as fast as they can to let him know.No, Tywin is not on the wrong side of the Trident in the show. In episode 8 they talk about the two choices, attacking Tywin and attacking Jaime, and they say that they need to cross the Trident in order to do either, plus that we see the pieces representing the armies on the map showing Tywin much closer to Riverrun. In episode 9 we also see the forces split after they've crossed.
791	Leuf	2011-06-15	Robb is in bettween 2 oposing armiesJaime's army is already destroyed.  This is ambiguous on the show so perhaps only the Whispering Wood battles has happened in ep 9 and the rest will be in ep 10, but I don't see why they would split the battle into two when they aren't showing any battles.  Yes it doesn't make any sense that Robb is able to surprise Jaime with his full army on foot, but that is what happens on the show.So Robb is at Riverrun, and is reinforced by the remnants of the Tully army.  Tywin isn't going to have an easy time taking him.Meanwhile Tywin has the only remaining standing army of the Lannisters and he doesn't just have Robb to worry about.  He also needs to be in a position to defend King's Landing against anyone else.  It does him no good to be up at Riverrun with Robb's head on a pike if Stannis and/or Renly can just march right over to King's Landing uncontested.  Beating Robb will just make him lose to the next guy.-Edited to fix my misunderstanding of which side of the river Tywin is on in the show
					
					
							Edited by Leuf, 15 June 2011 - 08:12 PM.
792	Leuf	2011-06-15	No, Tywin is not on the wrong side of the Trident in the show. In episode 8 they talk about the two choices, attacking Tywin and attacking Jaime, and they say that they need to cross the Trident in order to do either, plus that we see the pieces representing the armies on the map showing Tywin much closer to Riverrun. In episode 9 we also see the forces split after they've crossed.Okay I missed that, and the map goes by so fast I didn't have time to make sense of it.  I reread the part in the book where Robb describes his plan and some of the dialog in ep 8 is straight from that (which makes sense given who wrote it), the parts about going around Tywin to get to Riverrun and risking being caught between the two armies.  But he definitely says he is going to march his foot down the Kingsroad in the book and put the river between Jaime and Tywin.  I guess I can buy that the 2000 men are to keep Tywin busy so he can't reinforce Jaime just in case word gets to him.  So that's a big difference, and it makes the whole moment of suspense whether Tywin has defeated Robb make much more sense to me.  And the only way they can have that is to have Tywin on the same side of the river, so that's the whole reason for changing it.  I think the nonbookreaders had it much easier as you miss one little detail that conflicts with the books and the whole thing doesn't make sense anymore.
793	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-15	I don't know what you're talking about. The northern host steals a day's march on them in both the book and the show so apparently there weren't any scouts watching them until they were very close, otherwise Tywin's host would have known much earlier as a single scout can travel much quicker than the host.The point of sending so few is a far better complaint than what the other poster did. The host sent against Tywin was obviously never intended to have any chance in neither the book or the show, but the 2000 men can't delay them as long. Then again there were perhaps not the same kind of delay necessary since in the show Tywin's host is obviously basically on the same side of the Trident as Riverrun in the show, and not as far away either. It seems more like something to occupy Tywin at the very same time as Robb attacks Jaime.No, Tywin is not on the wrong side of the Trident in the show. In episode 8 they talk about the two choices, attacking Tywin and attacking Jaime, and they say that they need to cross the Trident in order to do either, plus that we see the pieces representing the armies on the map showing Tywin much closer to Riverrun. In episode 9 we also see the forces split after they've crossed.Bolton had about 16.000 men, where Tywin had 30.000. Those are good odds at winning, unlike 2.000 to 30.000. If Bolton didnt had any chance he wouldnt had atacked. Also, the only way he could atack and reach them that way was if he killed some of TywinÂ´s scouts, which I think he did, at least in the book.
794	raj34	2011-06-15	Will there be a battle of the camps or did they just merge it with the Whispering Wood? Pretty disappointing if we get zero battle footage out of the green fork, WW, AND battle of the camps...
795	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-16	And you guys are forgetting the most important part of the strategy change.....you are forgetting what was the objective of Bolton.The objective was to give battle but not to comit too much. Why??? Because BoltonÂ´s force has to keep itself alive in order to keep Tywin off the balance. Bolton needÂ´s to have a force able to screen Tywin and harass his comunication lines and what not.If we now have Tywin Lannister commanding 30.000 men and totally free to act, the implications are interesting, he can now surround the Twins and convince the Freys to turn to his side. ThereÂ´s no more Frey infantry nearby to help so the 400 men guard at the Twins will be trying to hold the fortress against 30.000......hmmmm......no matter how strong the Twins are, 400 against 30.000??? And with Lord Frey commanding??? Tywin will be lord of the Twins as soon as he wants. So now Robb doesnt even need to mess everything up with Jeyne. By the time Tywin forces Lord Frey to turn side, the Frey men with Robb will leave him. After that, he will get in the same trouble much sooner then in the books. The importance of BoltonÂ´s force staying alive was paramount to the whole strategy! And that was also why he didnt pick Theon for the job. Theon could well beat Tywin but he could also fight to the death and loose the whole force. Also, the danger in RobbÂ´s plan was a lot greater in the series. If he justs leaves 2.000 men behind.....if Tywin finds out he can just go after Robb and cruch him from behind when he faces Jaime. From a military point of view, RobbÂ´s strategy in the TV is too risky and totally deppends on the fact that Tywin will never realize how many men he has in front of him. If Tywin realizes, he just has to persue Robb while getting in touch with Jaime in order to cruch the enemy bettween them. And this danger is really big if consider that Robb is now moving slowly because he is advancing with is infantry also to Riverrun. And I do not suppose he has a corp of NapoleonÂ´s army or Stonewalls foot cavalry with him /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I agree with this. This is why, explaining Robb's strategy and showing WW in a creative way would have been nice. And I can't stress enough, there needed to be some counterbalance to Ned's death in this episode. We didn't get that. I also believe the drinking game was important. Stay too close to the books, and the adaptation gets affected in a poor way sometimes.
796	reiver	2011-06-16	In the book Roose atacks but retreat in an ordely fashion quite soon and before his troops rout. Yet he only atacked in the first place because he still had a chance since he was only outnumbered 2 to 1, which isnt such a big disavantage if you control other variables (morale, army disposition, landscape, weather etc).I don't believe Roose ever had a chance. Personally i feel that Roose attacking the way he did was the first step in his betrayal of Robb and his attempt to seize the north. It's stated several times that Robb has little chance against Tywin with his full force and Tywin lannister wont be caught by suprise. So Roose attacking at all rather than menacing Tywin seems foolhardy. To do so after a night march when it's almost a certainty that Tywin wont be outmanouvered that way only served to tire his men. That it was the other Northern houses and their lords that suffered most from this battle, while the dreadfort men seemed unscathed further adds to my conspiracy theory. I'm not claiming that the whole Red wedding and duskendale scenario was fully formed at that point just that Roose was faithless from the start. Admittedly that has little to do with your point it's just that i don't agree that the green Fork was a viable battle in the books either. I think, like with the book, the ruse works better without contact being made and to actually attack Tywin rather than menace and distract, is folly.Edit: btw, to those who said the objective for Roose was to give battle. It wasn't. This is never mentioned once in the book. He is only supposed to give the impression of being Robb's full force. Attacking is actually counter to that as it reveals the truth. I'll admit it never explicitly says he wasn't to give battle either but the dialogue before the split suggests that doing so was not the intention.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 16 June 2011 - 04:30 AM.
797	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-16	Bolton had about 16.000 men, where Tywin had 30.000. Those are good odds at winning, unlike 2.000 to 30.000. If Bolton didnt had any chance he wouldnt had atacked. Also, the only way he could atack and reach them that way was if he killed some of TywinÂ´s scouts, which I think he did, at least in the book.No, that's definitely not good odds at winning at all. It's good odds of surviving more than one battle but with no horse, against an army twice as large and much better composed (and not unlikely to be better equipped), the outcome of them losing was obvious. And it still could have gone worse if Tyrion and the tribesmen hadn't foiled Tywin's little strategy.Bolton's mission was never to beat Tywin, it was to occupy him for quite a while and that was why Bolton was chosen. The Greatjon would have made a bigger dent right away but since the footmen didn't have any chance of winning they needed someone to drag it out instead of attacking with bravado. But as said, in the show Tywin's host is in a completely different place so the whole scenario takes place in a different time frame, and with different urgency.
798	Nihilist	2011-06-16	I don't believe Roose ever had a chance. Personally i feel that Roose attacking the way he did was the first step in his betrayal of Robb and his attempt to seize the north. It's stated several times that Robb has little chance against Tywin with his full force and Tywin lannister wont be caught by suprise. So Roose attacking at all rather than menacing Tywin seems foolhardy. To do so after a night march when it's almost a certainty that Tywin wont be outmanouvered that way only served to tire his men. That it was the other Northern houses and their lords that suffered most from this battle, while the dreadfort men seemed unscathed further adds to my conspiracy theory. I'm not claiming that the whole Red wedding and duskendale scenario was fully formed at that point just that Roose was faithless from the start. Admittedly that has little to do with your point it's just that i don't agree that the green Fork was a viable battle in the books either. I think, like with the book, the ruse works better without contact being made and to actually attack Tywin rather than menace and distract, is folly.Edit: btw, to those who said the objective for Roose was to give battle. It wasn't. This is never mentioned once in the book. He is only supposed to give the impression of being Robb's full force. Attacking is actually counter to that as it reveals the truth. I'll admit it never explicitly says he wasn't to give battle either but the dialogue before the split suggests that doing so was not the intention.No, the strategy was to lure Tywin Lannister north to engage their main force."When Lord Tywin gets word that we've come south, he'll march north to engage our main hose, leaving our riders free to hurry down the west bank to Riverrun."and then Robb comments..."The Greatjon is always saying that we should smash Lord Tywin. I thought I'd give him the honor."So he is to smash him by not engaging him? The main part of the host WAS ALWAYS going to have to give battle. Roose Bolton decided that instead of playing defensively he'd go on the offense. Which didn't work out all that great.
799	reiver	2011-06-16	No, the strategy was to lure Tywin Lannister north to engage their main force."When Lord Tywin gets word that we've come south, he'll march north to engage our main hose, leaving our riders free to hurry down the west bank to Riverrun."and then Robb comments..."The Greatjon is always saying that we should smash Lord Tywin. I thought I'd give him the honor."So he is to smash him by not engaging him? The main part of the host WAS ALWAYS going to have to give battle. Roose Bolton decided that instead of playing defensively he'd go on the offense. Which didn't work out all that great."He has more men than i do and a lot more armoured horse... Tywin Lannister wont be so easily suprised" Does he really sound like he thinks the Greatjon will smash him? Also your first quote relates to Tywin's actions, not to the northmen's. He also goes on to comment "the eastern force will be all that stands between lord Tywin and Winterfell" does that sound like he wants them to engage and be, what he already admitted would happen, defeated.If you were going to choose a quote the end of Catelyn's next chapter "...to confront Tywin lannister" is a much better one although i still don't believe it meant engage him in battle as it's a complete misstep and pointless. Further we know from tyrion's chapters the effect Roose's army has on Tywin. That only underlines the pointlessness of an attack.
800	RSasoiaf	2011-06-16	There is another funny or not so funny consequence of these events in the series:
- No one did speak about losses fighting Jaime. If nothing else will be said about it, we are made to believe that Robb trully must be a great commander and his force must be a powerfull one.
- No Robb frees Riverrun and for sure gets reinforcements from the TullyÂ´s.
- Also it was not discussed how much of RobbÂ´s victory was due to the situation and Jaime being taken by surprise.
- Considerng how good Robb already did and how strong a force he has.....he should now be close to Tywin in numbers.
Why the hell does he does nothing big with a force with which he could finish Tywin once and for all????
What will they make up to justify Robbs troubles and fears when ridding around Riverrun and West?
801	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-16	But Tywin was just as smart as Bolton and if he saw the whole might of the North descend on him, he'd stall just like Bolton and so give time to Jaime to take over Riverrun.
802	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-16	No, that's definitely not good odds at winning at all. It's good odds of surviving more than one battle but with no horse, against an army twice as large and much better composed (and not unlikely to be better equipped), the outcome of them losing was obvious. And it still could have gone worse if Tyrion and the tribesmen hadn't foiled Tywin's little strategy.Bolton's mission was never to beat Tywin, it was to occupy him for quite a while and that was why Bolton was chosen. The Greatjon would have made a bigger dent right away but since the footmen didn't have any chance of winning they needed someone to drag it out instead of attacking with bravado. But as said, in the show Tywin's host is in a completely different place so the whole scenario takes place in a different time frame, and with different urgency.Disagree. If you read The Art of War you will see that having a 2 to 1 disavantage is not that bad and you can actually win. If Tywin superiority was due to horse Roose Bolton would have to use some strategy to hinder their advanged null. COnsidering he atacked and tried to get the Lannisters off guard maybe he could have acomplish that if his plans worked. If he were to atack Tywin camp before it had a chance to prepare the outcome would be very diferent, cavalry or number advantage or not.
803	Knight Of The North	2011-06-16	Disagree. If you read The Art of War you will see that having a 2 to 1 disavantage is not that bad and you can actually win. If Tywin superiority was due to horse Roose Bolton would have to use some strategy to hinder their advanged null. COnsidering he atacked and tried to get the Lannisters off guard maybe he could have acomplish that if his plans worked. If he were to atack Tywin camp before it had a chance to prepare the outcome would be very diferent, cavalry or number advantage or not.I agree that it is entirely possible to win in a match-up of two-to-one.If you have better troops, better tactics, better positioning...Pretty much if everything you have is better than your opponents, except for numbers. Though a massive advantage in weaponry, training or terrain can compensate for everything else.Roose Bolton didn't have that; surprise isn't everything, and aggression is utterly useless against well-trained opponents in good formation. He's not a truly skilled commander, and he has no way of knowing that the Lords under his command have a degree of competence, so he wouldn't implement an anti-cavalry strategy. And the truth is, having NO Horse in an era when Mounted Knights are essentially the medieval version of a Tank Corp (effective pike and spear formations haven't really been implemented in Westeros) during the Napoleonic Era, is a death sentence if you want to fight a long pitched battle. If Tywin had caught Roose, Robb's campaign might have ended. That's why he was chosen; Roose is NOT an idiot, but he's also not a hero.
804	Damocles	2011-06-16	Everywhere I've read, I've seen people defend the absence of the battles, no matter how poorly or haphazardly it was done. Even over what they did choose to show, they didn't show well, such as Tyrion getting knocked out before it even began, and the rather confusing treatment of the Whispering Wood.
It is worthy to approach this matter in more critical detail than for your average show, because GRRM's story is set entirely within and revolves around a war. So you have to expect, that before even the first actor was cast, or the first location scouted, that someone gave this a lot of thought. And obviously, they came up lacking in how to pull it off.
There are three major arguments made in defense of how the battles were done:
1) They didn't have enough time.
2) They didn't have enough money.
3) They didn't want to upstage Ned's death.
To this I would respond:
1) This is an editing and a pacing issue. By this time in the story, there have been eight hours devoted to exposition and even several different scenes best described as 'sexposition' (Loras/Renly, Petyr, Dany's brother and maid, etc). We probably could have done without ten minutes of Tyrion playing Truth or Dare with Shae, this one episode, no matter how much they liked the actress. I thought the initial scene with her was perfectly sufficient as a starting introduction.
2) In my opinion, and after some reflection, the comparison to Rome is unfair, as Rome did have a bigger budget. But I am given to understand that Game of Thrones actually has a substantially larger budget to shows such as The Tudors or Borgias, and both of those latter shows managed to pull off a fairly convincing display of a setpiece battle. Or at least the drama and the immensity surrounding such forces and hosts colliding, revealing war as an extension of politics.
3) Part of the drama in Ned's death is the sense of scale and everything that is at risk. Not just in the present, where his son is waging war with the Lannisters, but what the future might hold, now that he is no longer going to be there to shepherd them through it, but also the past. That's why I would have given a hundred of Petyr's creepy, pandering, ill-written sexposition scenes, for a single Tower of Joy. Ned was in many ways a heroic and noble character, and he met his end in a capricious and cruelly unjust fashion. That should be enough drama for anyone.
Although this shouldn't have been a surprise to anyone. They have generally been unable to pull off war on even a small scale. The fighting choreography has been clunky and unimpressive all season long. There is never a convincing moment of viciousness and brutality - and are in fact, some of the cheapest and laziest looking sword fights since, well...ever. I'm not expecting something on the level of Spartacus, or even the vicious and visceral quick action of Rome, which really, Game of Thrones should have tried harder to emulate. Both the Tudors and the Borgias had better sword fighting choreography by an order of magnitude. Bronn's duel, Jorah fighting off Drogo's blood rider, Ned vs Jaime...All remarkably boring and slow affairs, a journeyman effort where a real pro should have brought in to polish it. 
Perhaps it was unfortunate for GoT that it came out at the same time as the Borgias. Because we have evidence of a show with a smaller budget, but a somewhat similar story, showing us a vastly greater scale, and with much more beautiful pageantry and set design. The intrigue, the violence, and frankly even the ridiculous sex is way better.
805	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-16	My opinion is that you need directors for specific scenes, not episodes. Maybe HBO directors are great at adaptations and pace but they suck at fights and battles.
806	reiver	2011-06-17	Both the Tudors and the Borgias had better sword fighting choreography by an order of magnitude. Bronn's duel, Jorah fighting off Drogo's blood rider, Ned vs Jaime...All remarkably boring and slow affairs, a journeyman effort where a real pro should have brought in to polish it. I'd have been happy to forgive the relatively clumsiness of the sword fighting if they had replaced the current vogue for flashy spinny moves with a more realistic and visceral approach. Y'know if they'd replaced trying to be visually appealing (and imo failing) with efficiency and deadliness. Not that doing so is visually unappealing but the primary concern is one of atmosphere and i think it would be very well suited to the ASOIaF world (at least the one of the books). There's quite a few examples on you tube, mostly from re-enactors so the skills are out there but the best example from popular media is the Macduff v Macbeth fight from Roman Polanski's Macbeth. Bronn's duel, although relatively well choreographed imo is a big bugbear for me. It's fought as if Vardis Egan is wearing head to toe plate and the actors seem to move like he is but what we get is a sort of leather/cloth/breastplate combo that seems barely more cumbersome than Bronn's leathers. What dissapoints me about the battles and generally about the way the series has been shot is that i remember how hopeful i was before the series about the possibilities. Films like Centurion (which i admit isn't a great film) managed to pull off excellent battle scenes and set pieces on a budget that, per minute, is smaller than GoT. Ironclad as well was supposed to have been pretty low budget and managed to be spectacular. I re-watched the devil's Whore recently and it for a British production from a smaller channel managed to throw in some decent scale and scope with no part of it feeling as cheap and shoddy as the Dothraki scenes.
807	Anomandaris86	2011-06-17	Does someone have a link to these better swordfights in the Borgias and Tudors?
Oh, and to add on the issue of time constraints:
Remember that this is a premium channel, so episodes aren't a fixed length. There's already been a few Thrones episodes which are over an hour.
808	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-17	Disagree. If you read The Art of War you will see that having a 2 to 1 disavantage is not that bad and you can actually win. If Tywin superiority was due to horse Roose Bolton would have to use some strategy to hinder their advanged null. COnsidering he atacked and tried to get the Lannisters off guard maybe he could have acomplish that if his plans worked. If he were to atack Tywin camp before it had a chance to prepare the outcome would be very diferent, cavalry or number advantage or not.You don't have to read the Art of War to know that. Sun Tzu isn't the only one in history that has known a bit about warfare. My point was clear, that Roose Bolton had no advantage whatsoever. Tywin wasn't interested in hunting them down, he had chosen his field of battle and had no reason to rush it. He had twice their numbers, plus that he had a better army composition and not unlikely a better equipped one. Bolton had a worse army in pretty much every possible way, even including leadership. You don't win that, nor was it the point.If Bolton had a chance to attack them unaware there's of course a big difference but the chance of that happening was extremely low. With smaller forces perhaps but not with 16 000 men which will be heard and seen quite easily and there should be quite a deal of scouts closer to the camp (that they got past, or killed, the more ranged scouts is one thing). He had no weather to hide by either, only the night, and it's apparent that Tywin has time to set up his army exactly how he wants it before the northeners arrive.
809	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-17	Does someone have a link to these better swordfights in the Borgias and Tudors?Oh, and to add on the issue of time constraints:Remember that this is a premium channel, so episodes aren't a fixed length. There's already been a few Thrones episodes which are over an hour.Tudors is pointless unless you want to see torture. And pretty hardcore torture at that.
810	Morrigan	2011-06-17	People complain about the fight choreography, and then point to Spartacus as an example? Really?
811	Xanderpanda	2011-06-17	Does someone have a link to these better swordfights in the Borgias and Tudors?Oh, and to add on the issue of time constraints:Remember that this is a premium channel, so episodes aren't a fixed length. There's already been a few Thrones episodes which are over an hour.Borgias: http://www.youtube.c...?v=xRcZLZFc-Pw (from 4:30 onwards)Tudors: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GEh0pj3UmqsBoth these are/were Showtime shows that have lower per episode budgets then GoT has. Borgias just recently finished its 1st season and has been renewed for a 2nd. It had about 2-3 episodes with scenes like that. So it is possible to achieve decent enough large scale shots on a cable TV budget.GoT obviously put a lot of its budget into the setting though which means hopefully with sets and costumes for the most part done now they have more money to play with next season with less sets to build.
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 17 June 2011 - 07:53 PM.
812	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-17	Borgias: http://www.youtube.c...?v=xRcZLZFc-Pw (from 4:30 onwards)Tudors: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GEh0pj3UmqsBoth these are/were Showtime shows that have lower per episode budgets then GoT has. Borgias just recently finished its 1st season and has been renewed for a 2nd. It had about 2-3 episodes with scenes like that. So it is possible to achieve decent enough large scale shots on a cable TV budget.GoT obviously put a lot of its budget into the setting though which means hopefully with sets and costumes for the most part done now they have more money to play with next season with less sets to build.Well this settles it, the budget excuse is no longer acceptable.
813	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-17	People complain about the fight choreography, and then point to Spartacus as an example? Really?Spartacus battles are fucking amazing:Images are better than words:http://www.youtube.c...C4E12D39FD428B1http://www.youtube.c...feature=relatedEven Titus Pullo fight in Rome, made by HBO, was better than the stuff in GoThttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=xcECeLjwNlk
814	Sega AM2	2011-06-18	Well this settles it, the budget excuse is no longer acceptable.It never should have been. Boardwalk Empire spends more money on its show than Game of Thrones. The pilot episode of Boardwalk Empire was $18 million and they seemed to have spent every penny on quality production. Not to mention that Martin Scorsese directed the pilot episode as well. Boardwalk Empire looks and feels like a show with an enormous budget. Game of Thrones clearly feels limited in scope, especially compared to the novels, due to budgetary constraints. Yet according to literally every newspaper article about HBO's financial standing the company is swimming, practically drowning, in money. http://www.hollywood...national-176907NEW YORK Â<U+0096> Time WarnerÂ<U+0092>s HBO expects to top $1 billion in international revenue this year, up about 50% over the figure it recorded three years ago, the Wall Street Journal reported.In a latest sign of international success, the premium pay networkÂ<U+0092>s newest show, Game of Thrones, premieres on Sunday, but has already become HBO's best-selling series abroad ever, fetching more than $2.5 million an episode, more than 50% above the international price tag for The Sopranos, the paper said.HBO can't afford more than ten episodes per season for this show? Game of Thrones should have been 12 minimally and 20 if they wanted to impress everyone. This is an epic fantasy series and HBO isn't giving it the right treatment. And they can't afford to show any battle sequences either? George Martin said he was wondering how HBO would handle the battle sequences...well wonder no more George. The Borgias and The Tudors, shows with lower budgets per episode, lower ratings, and probably lower DVD sales, managed to have large scale battles in them. How did those shows find the money? HBO can't afford to show any direwolves either? When HBO was going to adapt Game of Thrones they must have immediately written out the wolves from the show. And it's not like the series is going to become smaller either. How will HBO handle nearly every single of one of Dany's scenes requiring dragons in them in the future? Or the major battle coming up in King's Landing? Or the Iron Borne fleet and their raids? Will the Iron Borne use rowboats? How will HBO show The Others attacking the Night's Watch party? Or the Wildlings and Giants assaulting The Wall? The book has 40,000 Wildlings march on The Wall...will the show only have 40 total? Will Joffrey's wedding only be attended by a few dozen people? Game of Thrones is making so much money, as is HBO, that this series could have been, should have been, $100 million per season, 20 episodes, and been a safe financial commitment.
815	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-18	Borgias: http://www.youtube.c...?v=xRcZLZFc-Pw (from 4:30 onwards)Tudors: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GEh0pj3UmqsBoth these are/were Showtime shows that have lower per episode budgets then GoT has. Borgias just recently finished its 1st season and has been renewed for a 2nd. It had about 2-3 episodes with scenes like that. So it is possible to achieve decent enough large scale shots on a cable TV budget.GoT obviously put a lot of its budget into the setting though which means hopefully with sets and costumes for the most part done now they have more money to play with next season with less sets to build.It can certainly be done but I have to say that the CGI looks quite apparent at times in those videos even at the very low resolution of 360p. It's hard to compare to a show I've only seen in HD. I also felt it was a bit jarring to have long scenes of large visuals with armies standing near each other, only to switch to solely very close up footage when the action started happening. I'm not saying it was terrible but it shows that there are problems with all choices.But I definitely think you are correct in one thing as I've thought the same, that the sets created for season 1 should be a significant cost saver for season 2, even though there are a good deal of new places introduced.
816	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-18	Spartacus battles are fucking amazing:Images are better than words:http://www.youtube.c...C4E12D39FD428B1http://www.youtube.c...feature=relatedEven Titus Pullo fight in Rome, made by HBO, was better than the stuff in GoThttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=xcECeLjwNlkSpartacus was the Hollywood action kind of combat in a show that was purposefully exaggerating blood a lot. Not even in the same ballpark as GoT or Rome when it comes to tone.The Titus Pullo fight is one I like but I can't really say that I think it's that much better than what I saw in GoT. He throws someone on a spear with way too little leverage to actually move a big man like that, he cuts limbs far easier than it should be, and so on. Now I can stop being critical when I actually watch the shows but when I try to be critical I see quite a lot of inaccuracies in all stage fighting as I have many years of competitive experience in martial arts. It's all about suspending my disbelief in order to be able to be entertained for me and that's what I try to focus on since finding errors is just annoying. GoT certainly has it's share of problems as well but not enough to make it harder for me to get into it than other shows. Mileage always varies of course.
817	A'shaman	2011-06-18	Borgias: http://www.youtube.c...?v=xRcZLZFc-Pw (from 4:30 onwards)Tudors: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GEh0pj3UmqsBoth these are/were Showtime shows that have lower per episode budgets then GoT has. Borgias just recently finished its 1st season and has been renewed for a 2nd. It had about 2-3 episodes with scenes like that. So it is possible to achieve decent enough large scale shots on a cable TV budget.GoT obviously put a lot of its budget into the setting though which means hopefully with sets and costumes for the most part done now they have more money to play with next season with less sets to build.Wow, I should start watching Borgias again. For a limited budget, that scene was done very well. Lot's of character impact, but it didn't leave out battle stuff. Well, the actual battle was left out, we only saw some cannon shots...but WE SAW THE DAMN ARMIES.That's all I really want from GOT. Right now, it looks like Robb is leading a dozen men around the Riverlands. I need to SEE the 18 000 to believe it, and fully grasp Robb's situation. His ascension to King isn't as powerful without realising just how many men he would have dominion over.Whispering Wood...I just don't understand. Easily filmable, wouldn't have cost heaps. Just show us Jaime cutting through trying to get to Robb. 12 men on screen, maximum. At night. Easy. I'm just perplexed with how they didn't show us WW.Hopefully, season 2 will amend this  /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> I loved the attack with Yoren and Arya, but I could stand to have that cut out. But Blackwater...ahgr. What if we don't even ever see Renly's host...it would cheapen the situation Stannis is in. I love GOT and think it's a great TV series that really excels in a lot of areas, but it really needs to step it up in the battle-armies department. A lot of people got into this series because they like watching medieval warfare. Political intrigue is fantastic, but feels cheap when we don't feel anything is at stake, due to a lack of battles
818	reiver	2011-06-18	Hopefully, season 2 will amend this  /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> I loved the attack with Yoren and Arya, but I could stand to have that cut out. But Blackwater...ahgr. What if we don't even ever see Renly's host...it would cheapen the situation Stannis is in. From a plot point of view i guess they could cut it out and have Yoren expire in another manner but i don't think they should as it's the sort of level of engagement that can be done very well for TV. Take the Sharpe TV show for example. Any time they tried to do battles the fact we were looking at a hundred dudes representing an army of thousands was painfully obvious but when they sent Sharpe off on his own and that same hundred could be used to represent two or three hundred... Well the show was at its best. Your comment about Renly's host is spot on. That's a situation where comparative scale is very important. I keep reading so many people talking about the limitations of the TV medium and using it as an excuse for the shows shortcomings, especially in regard to amount of information that can be communicated. While it's true that it's difficult in regards to dialogue and hidden thoughts the visual medium excels at communicating tone and setting with economy and where Martin may take a page or two of description plus dialogue a single shot 5 second shot can accomplish much the same. We're told Drogo is this great Khal but tbh i've not felt it from the show. He seems to have a khalasar of about 40 and frankly the extras they've brought in are pitiful looking (potbellied and skinny armed) which really doesn't communicate what's special about the Dothraki and his Khalasar in particular. Despite watching in HD i'd never even have noticed the CGI revellers pasted into the background of his wedding feast. I realise daytime shots are hard but a night time one could have been mocked up cheaply i'd have thought.Spartacus was the Hollywood action kind of combat in a show that was purposefully exaggerating blood a lot. Not even in the same ballpark as GoT or Rome when it comes to tone.Agreed. At least agreed that this isn't the sort of combat GoT should be going for. Unfortunately i'd say they've failed to set that tone. The Dothraki fighting especially has been risiculously ornate and swoopy and lacking deadly intent or efficiency.
					
					
							Edited by reiver, 18 June 2011 - 12:48 PM.
819	Anomandaris86	2011-06-18	Borgias: http://www.youtube.c...?v=xRcZLZFc-Pw (from 4:30 onwards)Tudors: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=GEh0pj3UmqsI said swordfights, not battles. But it does help to dispell some of these budget myths.
820	Damocles	2011-06-18	Spartacus battles are fucking amazing:Images are better than words:http://www.youtube.c...C4E12D39FD428B1http://www.youtube.c...feature=relatedEven Titus Pullo fight in Rome, made by HBO, was better than the stuff in GoThttp://www.youtube.c...h?v=xcECeLjwNlkExcellent examples. Whatever you might think of Rome or Spartacus fighting, whether it was unrealistic or not - there is no escaping the fact that the fighting GRRM described in the books was deeply unrealistic as well. Frankly, GoT's fighting has probably been as unrealistic in its own way, just WAY more boring and shoddily put together.It can certainly be done but I have to say that the CGI looks quite apparent at times in those videos even at the very low resolution of 360p. It's hard to compare to a show I've only seen in HD. I also felt it was a bit jarring to have long scenes of large visuals with armies standing near each other, only to switch to solely very close up footage when the action started happening. I'm not saying it was terrible but it shows that there are problems with all choices.Of course both approaches have problems, but the approach GoT took was inferior on every level of storytelling. And I don't see what there is to find jarring about switching from long visuals to close ups. All movies do that.
					
					
							Edited by Damocles, 18 June 2011 - 02:25 PM.
821	Damocles	2011-06-18	I said swordfights, not battles. But it does help to dispell some of these budget myths.It's hard to find the scenes on youtube, since generally, the one on one fights in Borgias were not Hollywood-esque, or drawn out like GoT, but over in a quick and brutal fashion.Basically, most of the killing was done by Sean Harris' character Michelotto Corella, and he would just rip through people. His attempted assassination of a cardinal in the bath house, and then having to slaughter his way past the guards when he failed, was far more quick and visceral than anything GoT has managed.Honestly, how Harris' Michelotto character fights is exactly as I'd pictured Bronn to fight like, ultra quick, deadly and efficient, and they both possess the same builds. The sword fighting in GoT looks like something done in 1993 on the BBC.For the Tudors, the sword fight I had been thinking of, was a wooded skirmish during the French campaign, and I could not find it on Youtube. But it was on the same kind of scale, and number of soldiers on each side, as they would have needed to do the Whispering Wood justice.In any case. The fighting in GoT should have been explosive and over the top in its impact and brutality, cause that's how GRRM wrote it, even if meant emulating Rome or Spartacus (with perhaps a bit more restraint on the CGI blood) Instead, we got choreography less exciting than the Three Musketeers.
					
					
							Edited by Damocles, 18 June 2011 - 02:39 PM.
822	Werthead	2011-06-18	As has been said before, the principal cost of the production has been the size of the cast. Over 200 speaking roles (some people have said there's 500, but unless they're counting every background murmur in every crowd scene, that seems to be a gross exaggeration) in two locations with the cost of moving the cast and crew between two countries is a pretty big expense. Almost all of the other shows mentioned (and others that aren't, like Camelot) are filmed in a studio with the locations used fairly nearby.At the same time, I don't think it's entirely unfair to say that D&D have not succeeded in getting maximum bang for their buck. Sod the other cable shows, look at the BBC's Merlin. In Season 3 they had large-scale battles using Massive (the same software used for LotR). The close-ups were very poor (bad idea to use CGI soldiers for close-up work) but the mid and long-shots looked excellent. The battle for Camelot with the red-cloaked guards holding the gate against an enemy incursion were pretty well done. And in another episode involving similar battle scenes they simultaneously did CGI shots of a dragon (not the best, admittedly, but they've been saying they need to upgrade the dragon CGI model for two years now, so they should have improved it) and a whole load of shots of people fighting animated skeletons.Merlin's budget is extremely modest, but as well as all of the above, they also have the added expense of filming in two separate countries (the studios are in London, the location stuff in Northern France, not the cheapest country in the world to film in, though not as bad as Italy). I believe the budget of Merlin is somewhere on the order of $2 million per episode, or one-third that of Thrones. Taking into account the fact that HBO are getting the use of the studios for free, they've made 50% of the budget back through foreign sales alone (not counting fresh subs or online/DVD sales) and they're getting additional local funding, I think it's clear that the show is not being run as lean and efficiently as it should be. If it were, they could be doing some pretty amazing stuff with CGI, even if nowhere near the order of LotR.The biggest problem is that the CGI team they used had six people on it, which was a bit lame. Shows like BSG and B5 back in the day had vastly more CGI crewmembers. So it's no wonder they haven't done any CGI battles, as with six people they're probably struggling to do just composite shots (and Episodes 8-9 had a ton of composites in them, more than people probably realise; the scene with Rodrik and Cat looking at the Stark camp had a number of boats in the lake, all of which had to be digitally removed in every frame of every second) and the odd CG matte shot.For Season 2 they're going to have 30 people. So hopefully we should see a lot more impressive stuff being done.
823	ShockWaveSix	2011-06-22	So mistaking a force 1/10th the size of the actual force is believable? The whole ruse works in the books because Robb commits the MAJORITY of his forces to the battle. This way simply makes no sense. Any non-retard would have scouts for miles around his encampment. How these scouts can't tell the difference between 2,000 and 20,000 is mind boggling.This part at least I'll buy the way the show did it. Tywin is a good military commander, but he's not infallible. He already has word from his scouts that 20,000 are marching towards him. Then on the morning of the battle, his scouts see Northmen cresting a ridge, a full night's march closer than expected. They're not going to stop to count, they're going to run for their lives to rally the Lannister camp. And Tywin is going to stumble out of his tent to a frantic report from the scout, and he'll order his army into battle. Will he figure it out pretty quick? Sure. But by then Robb's main force is miles and miles away, and its too late to matter.Also, much was made in the book of people like Blackfish being skilled at eliminating enemy scouts to cover movments. Why could that not be the case here?
					
					
							Edited by ShockWaveSix, 22 June 2011 - 02:29 PM.
824	ShockWaveSix	2011-06-22	Having now seen the full season, there are a lot of departures from the book. Some major, some minor, and most of them I totally understand, or at least accept.
The battles in ep9 are the only thing I am disappointed in from the whole show. 
Partially it is the fact that they were skipped entirely. Of course I was hoping for an epic scene, who wouldn't be?  The complete lack does not bode well for the Blackwater.
Partially its the way things are changed. Tyrion was at least brave in the battle, if not terribly effective, and it give shis character credibility, which he now loses going forward.
My biggest issue is that non readers don't really know what happened. They don't know that Robb fought a major action in WW, then another one at Riverrun. We barely know that RR was under siege, much less that the siege was broken by an inferior force or that Robb now has the alligence of the river lords.  We didn't see more of RR then a stone wall or two. 
I understand budget limits. But still. Disappointing
					
					
							Edited by ShockWaveSix, 23 June 2011 - 11:24 AM.
825	Abaddon	2011-06-23	It seems reasonable to guess that Game of Thrones burned a fair sum of money on the pilot episode that had to be almost completely re-shot (and switching one of their main shooting locations to boot).  But Werthead's point is a very important one; the size of the cast is frankly staggering, way above and beyond what any of the other named shows are attempting.  It's also amazing to think they only had six CGI artists, and I didn't even consider that the artists had to do things like remove boats from lakes that looked perfectly empty in the show (good job!).
The optimist in me thinks a lot of the cost (certainly not all) of the 1st season won't be as costly in the second due to re-use of pre-existing sets (not free, but cheaper), costumes, production work, and certainly I don't expect them to have to re-shoot practically a whole episode.  With a similar budget I think we're going to see a smoother and more confident production with fewer missteps and a better product overall in the 2nd season.  Which is good because I think Season 2 has more challenges than Season 1 and they're going to need to be more efficient with their money this time around.
826	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-24	I've worked out a way they can make up for not showing WW and Jaime's capture (missed moment of awesome much?) - in the bandit fight where Cleos dies, instead of Jaime taking Cleos' sword from his corpse to fight Brienne, he could get one earlier, then kill a few bandits in chains with some deadly efficiency. Then Brienne arrives and tells him to put down the sword. Jaime says "why? Ive been in prison for months, half-starved and out of practice. I'm unarmoured and in chains- what danger could I be" *pointing to the dead bandits* "ask them". Jaime laughs, makes a dickish scathing remark and attacks.
Reminder/first actual evidence that Jaime is dangerous, plus reminder that he has been imprisoned for months right before the fight. Not as good as this scene plus WW but better than adding to the Jaime- humiliation in combat-conga that is his current fighting on screen followed by being beaten by a girl
827	Marcus Adler	2011-06-30	Having now seen the full season, there are a lot of departures from the book. Some major, some minor, and most of them I totally understand, or at least accept.The battles in ep9 are the only thing I am disappointed in from the whole show. Partially it is the fact that they were skipped entirely. Of course I was hoping for an epic scene, who wouldn't be?  The complete lack does not bode well for the Blackwater.Partially its the way things are changed. Tyrion was at least brave in the battle, if not terribly effective, and it give shis character credibility, which he now loses going forward.My biggest issue is that non readers don't really know what happened. They don't know that Robb fought a major action in WW, then another one at Riverrun. We barely know that RR was under siege, much less that the siege was broken by an inferior force or that Robb now has the alligence of the river lords.  We didn't see more of RR then a stone wall or two. I understand budget limits. But still. Disappointing...and I have to agree.  I was watching the ninth episode with a number of people and many couldn't mask their disappointment.  While I agree the acting in the series is good, one viewer put it best: "since reading George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire I've dreamed of seeing (the Battle at the Green Fork) for years.  Now that this has happened, I may never, ever see it."  Ant that's the short of it.  Even a badly done scene would have been better than nothing at all.  Tyrion's getting knocked on the head is an obvious cop-out.  And while series like The Tudors and Spartacus at least attempted to portray battles in a way that made them entertaining, Game of Thrones' entire first season fails to deliver -- and yet the boards over-hyped the production with promises of "A budget to be reckoned with."That's the biggest disappointment -- if the entire first series can't at least make an effort to live up to the books, I must say I truly sympathize with members of the community who feared this event from the get-go, and whose voices apparently weren't heard.  I feel it's necessary to to acknowledge that.
828	Sega AM2	2011-06-30	That's the biggest disappointment -- if the entire first series can't at least make an effort to live up to the books, I must say I truly sympathize with members of the community who feared this event from the get-go, and whose voices apparently weren't heard.  I feel it's necessary to to acknowledge that.Anyone hyping the budget for this show was delusional. Remove your fanboy goggles and take a cold hard look at the show in terms of finance. Boardwalk Empire, a superior show in terms of production values, had an $18 million pilot directed by Martin Scorsese. That's $18 million for one episode. And Boardwalk Empire was much more of a risk than Game of Thrones. GRRM's books are almost perfectly written for television, beloved by fans and critics, and written during a time when fantasy and medieval fantasy are popular. No one had a clue about Boardwalk Empire but HBO took a risk with it. And Generation Kill, a seven episode mini-series that HBO assumed would make very little profit, had a higher budget than Game of Thrones first season which was guaranteed to make HBO a killing. Game of Thrones is HBO's best money making licensed show to foreign television stations. Stations that pay HBO to broadcast Game of Thrones pay a hefty premium, the most for any HBO show to date. And the subscriber base is massive for HBO around the world now. And HBO is making money off of the latest run of books that say "now an HBO show" on them and the books are flying off of shelves. And the DVD and Blu-Ray pre-order sales are already very strong.A 20-25 episode season with fully animated direwolves and massive battle sequences would have still made a profit for HBO. A smaller profit but profit nevertheless. Either HBO played it safe with the show or they are milking the show for money. Considering that most HBO dramas get 12 episode seasons and this show got only 10 it's likely that HBO neutered the show for a paycheck at this point.
829	The hairy bear	2011-07-01	A 20-25 episode season with fully animated direwolves and massive battle sequences would have still made a profit for HBO. I would be very interested to see the figures in which you are basing this statements. Is there anyway to know the profit HBO earns for a particular series? I'd certainly love to see a detailed budget of the production.A smaller profit but profit nevertheless. If this was true, I guess any shareholder of HBO would be very angry had they decided to order a season of 20 episodes.
830	Werthead	2011-07-01	Interestingly, one of the recent interviews with D&D saw them saying explicitly that the reason for the lack of a Green Fork battle sequence wasn't money, but filming time. The last two episodes were recorded towards the end of the overall filming of the series, and they didn't have the time built-in to do it justice.Consider that the two battles in Braveheart (the bridge-less Battle of Stirling Bridge and Falkirk) took 4 and 2 weeks respectively to film. Helm's Deep took something like 3 months to film. Even Philippi in Season 2 of Rome took a lot of time to film compared to the amount of screen time that was shown. The filming time to screen time ratio with battles is hideously low, and on a very stretched TV filming schedule it's quite a hit to do that. They could have had the battle fill up the whole time of the Bronn-Shae-Tyrion conversation, but it would have taken a month to film and likely $10 million minimum. The scene they went with instead cost very little and was filmed in a day. So you can kind of see why, from the production standpoint, they went with that.Should they have aimed higher coming out of the gate? Should they have prioritised the Battle of the Green Fork, set aside the money and time to do it? Maybe. But on top of the other enormous costs of setting up production and building sets, we don't know if they were really capable of delivering it. For all we know, the producers had the choice of doing the battle or having Sean Bean. And the Battle of the Green Fork's importance to the narrative is in what it establishes - that Robb has the makings of a great military strategist and has stolen a march on the Lannisters - not in what happens during it (though it establishes Tyrion in having a certain physical bravery no-one was expecting, but that can be established in the Blackwater battle instead).Personally I think they could have done more and perhaps been a little more ambitious, but given the constraints they were under, the reasoning is understandable. The good news is that everything we've seen for Season 2 so far indicates they do want to at least try to do the Blackwater properly: they want people who can sail, they want soldiers and military re-enactors, and the teaser trailer for Season 2 shows wildfire enveloping the logo. So, whilst I doubt we'll see the battle as in the book, I think we'll get a fair bit more than what we've seen so far (but for that we may have to sacrifice other battles, most notably the battle at the fords near Riverrun).
831	A'shaman	2011-07-03	Interestingly, one of the recent interviews with D&D saw them saying explicitly that the reason for the lack of a Green Fork battle sequence wasn't money, but filming time. The last two episodes were recorded towards the end of the overall filming of the series, and they didn't have the time built-in to do it justice.Consider that the two battles in Braveheart (the bridge-less Battle of Stirling Bridge and Falkirk) took 4 and 2 weeks respectively to film. Helm's Deep took something like 3 months to film. Even Philippi in Season 2 of Rome took a lot of time to film compared to the amount of screen time that was shown. The filming time to screen time ratio with battles is hideously low, and on a very stretched TV filming schedule it's quite a hit to do that. They could have had the battle fill up the whole time of the Bronn-Shae-Tyrion conversation, but it would have taken a month to film and likely $10 million minimum. The scene they went with instead cost very little and was filmed in a day. So you can kind of see why, from the production standpoint, they went with that.Should they have aimed higher coming out of the gate? Should they have prioritised the Battle of the Green Fork, set aside the money and time to do it? Maybe. But on top of the other enormous costs of setting up production and building sets, we don't know if they were really capable of delivering it. For all we know, the producers had the choice of doing the battle or having Sean Bean. And the Battle of the Green Fork's importance to the narrative is in what it establishes - that Robb has the makings of a great military strategist and has stolen a march on the Lannisters - not in what happens during it (though it establishes Tyrion in having a certain physical bravery no-one was expecting, but that can be established in the Blackwater battle instead).Personally I think they could have done more and perhaps been a little more ambitious, but given the constraints they were under, the reasoning is understandable. The good news is that everything we've seen for Season 2 so far indicates they do want to at least try to do the Blackwater properly: they want people who can sail, they want soldiers and military re-enactors, and the teaser trailer for Season 2 shows wildfire enveloping the logo. So, whilst I doubt we'll see the battle as in the book, I think we'll get a fair bit more than what we've seen so far (but for that we may have to sacrifice other battles, most notably the battle at the fords near Riverrun).If not for that interview, I never would have even considered filming time as a hindrance to showing the battle sequences. It makes a lot of sense though. I truly hope they priorise battles for season two however, and, judging by all the facts (that I bolded in your post), it looks like they are. I'm sure we all won't be hugely dissapointed with losing battles like the battle at the fords, but having a half-assed battle of the blackwater would be devastating. In a perfect world, I'd love to see the battle with Yoren, the battle at the fords, Renly's tourney, Theon's taking of Winterfell, every damn battle scene in ACOK done splendidly, but at the end of the day, I'd be happy with just an awesome, awesome screen version of the Battle of the Blackwater. And all that I've heard in interviews and such has got me tentatively hoping that it won't disappoint, and will be great to watch.On another note, I wonder what other battle scenes will make it into season two, and in what fashion. We all tend to focus on the Blackwater, but what about Theon's taking of Winterfell? I'd love to see that on the show, and it would really drive home that tragedy, the "more beautiful past being destroyed" theme. I don't have much hope for Renly's tourney however. Shame, as I thought it really got across the whole "they are the knights of summer, and winter is coming" message.
832	Werthead	2011-07-03	In the book Winterfell's fall happens off-screen and we only realise what's happened when Bran is brought before Theon in the grand hall, and then Theon reminisces about it in his POV later. So whilst there is scope for them showing the attack, I think they'll more likely go with Bran's POV in the show as well.
833	Marcus Adler	2011-07-04	Season 2 Blackwater predictions. To all those saying that HBO won't screw us over on the Blackwater. Here's how they'll do it.The Hound tells Tyrion of the horrors outside the walls and deserts. Then a long talking scene with Sansa happens. Tyrion gives a long speech to his men and is seen charging out of the gates with his men. Fade to black. He wakes up in a bed and Pod tells him of his heroic deeds and how Renly's ghost saved the day. Davos gives a long speech and then commands his lone ship to enter fiery haze with everything obscured by smoke. Fade to black. He wakes up in Sallador's ship and is told of what happened. No actual fighting happens.I'll repost this after the Blackwater airs.I enjoyed reading this post... sounds a lot like how battles were handled in Season One. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
834	Joni	2011-07-17	Season 2 Blackwater predictions. To all those saying that HBO won't screw us over on the Blackwater. Here's how they'll do it.The Hound tells Tyrion of the horrors outside the walls and deserts. Then a long talking scene with Sansa happens. Tyrion gives a long speech to his men and is seen charging out of the gates with his men. Fade to black. He wakes up in a bed and Pod tells him of his heroic deeds and how Renly's ghost saved the day. Davos gives a long speech and then commands his lone ship to enter fiery haze with everything obscured by smoke. Fade to black. He wakes up in Sallador's ship and is told of what happened. No actual fighting happens.I'll repost this after the Blackwater airs.I enjoyed reading this post... sounds a lot like how battles were handled in Season One. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />That's how I'd prefer it to happen.
835	The Scorpion of Dorne	2011-07-17	I honestly think we'll see the battles in Season two. I've just finished the first four books, and there's no way someone thought about making this show without thinking about the battles as well as the supernatural creatures 
	Spoiler (dragons, giants, the direwolves needed for the dreams, etc)
 that would be required to adapt it properly. 
Too much of the plot in season two revolves around the preparations for Blackwater to not include it. Whereas in Season One, the Green Fork and the WW are effects of a largely character driven drama (and they aren't really the climax as much as Ned's death is), ACOK is much more plot driven. To remove Blackwater is to remove the climax of the book. So much of the book becomes pointless if Blackwater doesn't happen/isn't shown.
That they ran out of time in shooting makes a bit more sense, and 
	Spoiler with Sean Bean and Mark Addy gone, and Coster-Waldau in chains and unseen for the majority of the season
, you're talking about a much larger available budget, even with the possibility of name actors for characters like Stannis and Davos.
					
					
							Edited by The Scorpion of Dorne, 17 July 2011 - 08:34 PM.
836	TheEvilKing	2011-06-12	Here is a thread for documenting hilarious reactions to the ending of episode 9.OtakuASSEMBLE is pissed
837	Bronn is God	2011-06-12	Larry Williams reviewIf you havent been following OtakuAssemble, he has been doing weekly Game of Throne reviews from the start of the season. He has become especially popular for being completely new to the series and very passionate.Usually he takes 30 minutes to review an episode. Today is was 12.Enjoy.
838	Kosciuszko	2011-06-13	Wow, he really is pretty pissed. Hope he doesn't stop watching o.O
839	Maester Cressan	2011-06-13	Try watching his live reaction.
Lots of people (cruel, cruel people) suggested he record and broadcast himself as he watched the show.
The last 10 minutes had Ned's death about 5 minutes in.  Larry just sat there staring at the screen for a full minute.  Then he got up and walked off screen.  You then hear the sound of things being smashed.  3 minutes later Larry comes back onscreen and tries to make a statement.  His roommate comes over and asks if he's alright, and Larry just explodes. "No, I'm not alright. They killed Ned!".  It stops being funny 30 secs later when Larry starts sobbing.
Dang...
This was so much harsher watching it compared to reading it.
I'm actually a little worried that people will drop the show.  I think most will watch the final episode.
					
					
							Edited by Maester Cressan, 13 June 2011 - 02:37 AM.
840	Ser_not_appearing_yet	2011-06-13	Damn, I wish I was as emotional as this guy :/
841	TheEvilKing	2011-06-13	Hahaha he looks like he's having that review dragged out of him. Brilliant."WHO THE FUCK IS CALLING ME? GO FUCK YOURSELF!"  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
842	Grack21	2011-06-13	Man, I don't know if I'd put that under "funny".
Go to the IMDB boards. That shit is funny.
843	Asarlai	2011-06-13	Try watching his live reaction.Lots of people (cruel, cruel people) suggested he record and broadcast himself as he watched the show.The last 10 minutes had Ned's death about 5 minutes in.  Larry just sat there staring at the screen for a full minute.  Then he got up and walked off screen.  You then hear the sound of things being smashed.  3 minutes later Larry comes back onscreen and tries to make a statement.  His roommate comes over and asks if he's alright, and Larry just explodes. "No, I'm not alright. They killed Ned!".  It stops being funny 30 secs later when Larry starts sobbing.Dang...This was so much harsher watching it compared to reading it.I'm actually a little worried that people will drop the show. Just realized this was "no spoilers." Delete your last two sentences.
					
					
							Edited by Asarlai, 13 June 2011 - 01:35 AM.
844	Maester Cressan	2011-06-13	Just realized this was "no spoilers." Delete your last two sentences.Oops, sorry, I read that as "Spoilers" not "No Spoilers"
845	The Imp's Advocate	2011-06-13	He says he isn't giving up on the show in a PS in the video description. 
I'm glad, because episode 10 will have some glorious highs, if he can make it all the way through it.
846	Corvinus	2011-06-13	ASOIAF fans unite and have Larry trademark "They killed my nigga Ned" and make lots and lots of T-shirts with this line.  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
847	aimlessgun	2011-06-13	I was laughing at Larry's review, and I kept expecting him to break out a smile and say "nah I'm not actually THIS upset"...but then he actually is that upset and it stopped being funny.
Honestly they did the last scene so well this hardly feels like a time for laughter. I was looking forward to sweet, delicious non-reader tears...but I didn't expect to have tears of my own.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 13 June 2011 - 03:29 AM.
848	The Imp slap	2011-06-13	ASOIAF fans unite and have Larry trademark "They killed my nigga Ned" and make lots and lots of T-shirts with this line.  /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />I was thinking the exact same... wish I had been able to come up with that line myself. THEY KILLED MY NIGGA NED!!!  I kind of feel a little sad for him... he'll never survive 
	Spoiler the red you-know-what 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:16 AM.
							
								spoilers
849	GoTreviews	2011-06-13	Honestly they did the last scene so well this hardly feels like a time for laughter. I was looking forward to sweet, delicious non-reader tears...but I didn't expect to have tears of my own.Agreed. It's really well handled, hit me like a truck. And we all knew what was coming... I can only imagine what it'd do to non readers. We're so used to see heroes walk out of impossible situations... and they really took their time, playing around this "he's gonna escape! I know he's gonna escape"-feeling. Mean.
850	Bahimiron	2011-06-13	Tumblr, keyword search Game of Thrones.It'll take some scrolling to get down to the posts from right after the episode aired, but they were craaaaazy mad! I've never seen so many animated gifs of James Van Der Beek crying in one place. Well, other than at James' own James Van Der Memes website.
851	Greyjoy67	2011-06-13	That's adorable. It's like a child's reaction haha. Still, I totally empathise - Poor ol' Ned  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> .
I do have to say to Mr Martin, I hope that you're planning on finishing the books with a reasonably happy ending. Poor souls like Larry just can't cope with it. I mean, I'm quite sensitive, but this guy was ... crushed.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
852	denstorebog	2011-06-13	Someone just posted this link on YouTube http://www.cafepress...k/TheyKilledNed
 /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' /> 
The Internet is scary fast sometimes...
EDIT: Oh well, it was T-Shirts with "They Killed My Nigga Ned" on front, maybe cafepress didn't like the N-word. Nice try though.
					
					
							Edited by denstorebog, 13 June 2011 - 10:41 AM.
853	JayDubya	2011-06-13	Spoiler  I love the line "If they kill Drogo, I'm done!" 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:25 AM.
854	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-13	I wonder if LW feels as strongly today, after having a little time to let it set in.  I loved how excited he got every week, so I hope he doesn't give up on it.
855	Kosciuszko	2011-06-13	I wonder if LW feels as strongly today, after having a little time to let it set in.  I loved how excited he got every week, so I hope he doesn't give up on it.He said in his video description he's not giving up at some point last night. So he'll at least watch the next episode.
856	R'hllor Skates	2011-06-13	I wasn't sure which I was looking forward to more: the actual episode, or Larry's reaction. Both delivered however.  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />
857	Mr Bean	2011-06-13	I wasn't sure which I was looking forward to more: the actual episode, or Larry's reaction. Both delivered however.  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' />This was the reaction I was looking forward too all season, can't wait for next Sunday for the final two Episodes to see how he reacts to our last seven chapters
	Spoiler The Dwarf goes to CourtI have a mind to lead a ranging beyond the wallThe KING IN the North!Dragons....
858	Starkess	2011-06-13	He said in his video description he's not giving up at some point last night. So he'll at least watch the next episode.Yes, but 
	Spoiler he also said he was done if they killed Drogo...so last week might be the last straw for him. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Hope not, I love his reviews!
859	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	Wow that was hilarious. I love his review. Too funny.
I would encourage people not too get the "they killed my nigga Ned" shirts thought haha joking. I think those would be hilarious
860	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-13	Yes, but 
	Spoiler he also said he was done if they killed Drogo...so last week might be the last straw for him. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Hope not, I love his reviews!
Well yes, but 
	Spoiler the pay off is pretty awesome so hopefully it won't elicit the same reaction. It's not MMD who kills him but Dany so it's a poignant loving moment, and his death helps birth the dragons, so 3 dragons > 1 Drogo. However it does play into the "the black guy always dies" trope. Fortunately Rhakaro sticks around and continues to be awesomely badass.
I couldn't watch him because he made me laugh and I didn't want to laugh at his pain.
861	Corvinus	2011-06-13	Well yes, but 
	Spoiler the pay off is pretty awesome so hopefully it won't elicit the same reaction. It's not MMD who kills him but Dany so it's a poignant loving moment, and his death helps birth the dragons, so 3 dragons > 1 Drogo. However it does play into the "the black guy always dies" trope. Fortunately Rhakaro sticks around and continues to be awesomely badass.
I couldn't watch him because he made me laugh and I didn't want to laugh at his pain.His roommate was obviously having a blast.
862	axhed	2011-06-13	that was awesome. when i read the books i was totally stoked that martin could kill him off like that.... however.... in book 4, when 
	Spoiler arya had that purple drank
 
that was when i really got pissed LOL
863	The Beard	2011-06-13	Wow, he really is pretty pissed. Hope he doesn't stop watching o.OHey first post here but I was pretty close to that myself.  I guess I can be emotional at times but I mostly feel like a normal grown man.  I even kind of knew what was going to happen and I felt some tears flowing at the end of this episode.  I already bought the books so I will stick with the series I suppose.  But I am very angry at the way this happened.  It's not even what happened.  It's how it happened that truly bothered me.  My emotions on this will cool in time but for now I feel like GRRM is pretty sadistic in the treatment of his fans.
864	Dornish	2011-06-13	I find the non-reader's shock somewhat surprising. My only objection to the casting of Sean Bean was that it sorta gave the big spoiler away. One of my non reader friends started watching the show and asked if he was a traitor who dies. Sean was great for the part, and did an even better job than I could ever have hoped for and I wouldn't have anyone else but treason and premature death are kinda his trademarks.
					
					
							Edited by Dornish, 13 June 2011 - 08:15 PM.
865	Abaddon	2011-06-13	GRRM's Not a Blog had a humorous comment regarding the anticipated reaction:Speaking of my trip... maybe it is good that I am getting out of the country, with "Baelor" scheduled to air tonight. Those of you who have read the novel will have a good idea of what's happening this week, just from the title (but PLEASE don't discuss it here, unless you want your post deleted), but there are millions of viewers who have no idea and some of them may soon be turning up on my virtual doorstep with virtual pitchforks and torches.GRRM is not sadistic although it sometimes appears that way.  The death of Ned, as painful as it was, is an integral part of the story and serves several important purposes.  It's not a throwaway cheap death.
866	The Beard	2011-06-13	GRRM's Not a Blog had a humorous comment regarding the anticipated reaction:GRRM is not sadistic although it sometimes appears that way.  The death of Ned, as painful as it was, is an integral part of the story and serves several important purposes.  It's not a throwaway cheap death.It may not be a throw away cheap death but to those of us new to the series it certainly feels that way.  I love Sean Bean as an actor so I'll compare his death to his other death in Fellowship of the Ring.  In that movie he betrayed his friends but redeemed himself in a valiant final stand.  He regained his honor and went out fighting.  In GoT he threw his honor away for, what looks to be so far, no reason at all.  It would have been better if he rose up and told the king where to stick the Iron Throne before telling the crowd "This is how a Stark dies!" while submitting to the headman with his honor intact.  Right now, Martin does indeed feel like a sadistic author to this Ice and Fire newbie.
867	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-13	It would have been better if he rose up and told the king where to stick the Iron Throne before telling the crowd "This is how a Stark dies!" while submitting to the headman with his honor intact. Really? And condemn Sansa and possibly Arya to death as a result? Nice.I'm glad you're not my dad.
868	The Beard	2011-06-13	Really? And condemn Sansa and possibly Arya to death as a result? Nice.I'm glad you're not my dad.Thanks very much for the oh so friendly reply.  Rest assured the feeling is mutual.  Regardless of how he did it, I still very much prefer that he made his exit with his honor intact.
869	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-13	Really? And condemn Sansa and possibly Arya to death as a result? Nice.I'm glad you're not my dad.Hey, who needs live daughters so long as your honor is intact?
870	tybeechris	2011-06-13	I hope that viewers, like the book readers, are so invested in the other characters that they keep watching. 
Hope George is not getting hate mail now!
871	TheEvilKing	2011-06-13	Haha, this is on Facebook this morning as my cousin's status.Cousinwhy are all my fave characters dieing on Game of Thrones?? And why is it the last episode next week!! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> not happy.....and Geoffrey is a little faggottSome other dudeI can't believe what just happened! How is it the last one next week?!?!? I hate Geoffrey, I wanna go give him a beating myself the little fucker!!!Cousin haha i kno i feel the same mate, gutted ned stark is dead!! And i dont know how they will fit everything else i thought/wanted to happen in the last episode! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> loA third dude i hope Khal drodo lives! i realy like him and DaenarysCousin Kalesie /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
872	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-13	Point being that given what had been happening, I didn't think a live daughter was even a realistic option at this point.OK, that's more than fair.  To me, a big part of the reason that scene was so powerful in both the book and the show was it forced Ned to make a significant moral decision: honor or family?  If Ned had thought there were no hope for his daughters' lives no matter what he did, I don't doubt that he would have spoken up, and if you felt like the lives of Arya and Sansa were forfeit regardless, I can see being upset with Ned confessing to a false crime and keeping his silence.  As it is, though, I think Ned did the "right" thing by putting family over honor.
873	Taintertots	2011-06-13	I have not read all of this thread, so if this has been said I'll remove the post...
Reason I have not read all of this thread is the spoilers... I come here after each episode and stick strictly with the [Non Spoilers] threads, however, about a page into this thread and I ran into some very crucial spoilers that have ruined the surprises coming in the next episodes. Its very disappointing.
Can we please keep the [No Spoiler] threads clean without spoiling the rest of the season?
I like these forums, but threads like this make me very weary about coming back here again.
I'm sure others including me would be very grateful.
Thanks,
Taint
					
					
							Edited by Taintertots, 13 June 2011 - 10:31 PM.
874	Xanderpanda	2011-06-13	I have not read all of this thread, so if this has been said I'll remove the post...Reason I have not read all of this thread is the spoilers... I come here after each episode and stick strictly with the [Non Spoilers] threads, however, about a page into this thread and I ran into some very crucial spoilers that have ruined the surprises coming in the next episodes. Its very disappointing.Can we please keep the [No Spoiler] threads clean without spoiling the rest of the season?I like these forums, but threads like this make me very weary about coming back here again.I'm sure others including me would be very grateful.Thanks,TaintYeah I think its mainly due to this board always being a place that books were discussed and thus many forget that some of the show viewers who have not read the books have started to come here to discuss the episodes.
875	Ealasaid	2011-06-13	It may not be a throw away cheap death but to those of us new to the series it certainly feels that way.  I love Sean Bean as an actor so I'll compare his death to his other death in Fellowship of the Ring.  In that movie he betrayed his friends but redeemed himself in a valiant final stand.  He regained his honor and went out fighting.  In GoT he threw his honor away for, what looks to be so far, no reason at all.  It would have been better if he rose up and told the king where to stick the Iron Throne before telling the crowd "This is how a Stark dies!" while submitting to the headman with his honor intact.  Right now, Martin does indeed feel like a sadistic author to this Ice and Fire newbie.Welcome, Welcome to the Martinverse.  It's war out there. Ned is not a cheap death.  You've been prepared all along for deaths, you just failed to notice it.  A good author is one who can take a character, make you care and kill that character off and still keep the series going.  Yes, I was shocked when they loped off Eddard"s head.  But I was equally distressed when Lady was killed.  It'san espensive death, but it carries weight, eh?
876	snowzombie	2011-06-13	Thanks very much for the oh so friendly reply.  Rest assured the feeling is mutual.  Regardless of how he did it, I still very much prefer that he made his exit with his honor intact.This show, and this story, is about those choices. Everything he'd done was noble and honorable, and it got him a cell in the dungeon. Between honor and death of his daughters, or dishonor and his daughters living - plus the prospect of living out the rest of his days with his son Jon - he was trying to do the right thing. He learned too late that being honest all the time isn't always the right thing.
877	snowzombie	2011-06-14	I think people's reaction to Ned's death is in part informed by HBO's choice to cast him with the best known actor, and to lean heavily on his character/Sean Bean to market the show. 
It's one thing for GRRM to make the decision to have the character killed. It tells you how his universe works - life is full of difficult choices, the good guys don't always win. I agree that having Ned up at the Wall is a tantalizing tease, but in thinking about the story I can no longer imagine how things might have been had Ned lived. I don't want to go into detail because this is a no spoiler thread, but rest assured newcomers - the story does not suffer when characters are subtracted from the narrative. There are more than enough compelling characters to go around. Lots of new characters are going to be introduced next season. (But I can also see how that might be frustrating as well, you do want one person to be your anchor.)
But these are all issues about theme and narrative. GRRM did what he did for his narrative and his story. HBO used Sean Bean to market the show because it was easy. Perhaps it would have seemed suspect if they didn't, because he is the best known actor on the show. They're marketing to an American audience and I think the only American actors are Peter Dinklage (Tyrion) and Jason Momoa (Drogo). 
While HBO couldn't depart from the text of the book, they did have a hand in shaping fans' perception that Ned was the person they should identify with in the narrative. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I hope when the dust settles people can separate HBO's marketing decisions from GRRM's narrative choices.
878	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-14	Actually a dead Ned makes the daughters better bargaining chips. To some extent Varys was tricking Ned into making a false confession because he saw Joff being legitimised through Ned as advancing the cause of stability. And Ned living even better because that would get Robb off the Lannister's backs.
If Ned had the ability to think clearly he would have realised that affirming Joff's incestuous bastardy probably wouldn't put Sansa in mortal danger, but it would guarantee that she'd never marry the turd-king. Sansa actually ends up suffering because she remains Joff's betrothed. Knowing the whole deal with noble hostages, you don't kill them on a whim because live hostages are effective shields, dead ones are like powder kegs, means Sansa and Arya are safe so long as Robb's a threat.
879	MyniggaNed	2011-06-14	Spoiler Lol "If they kill Drogo I'm done"  
Oh god...

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:21 AM.
880	Xanderpanda	2011-06-14	Spoiler Lol "If they kill Drogo I'm done"  Oh god...
loling hard at your display name
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 14 June 2011 - 05:21 AM.
881	citizenmilton	2011-06-14	I have not read all of this thread, so if this has been said I'll remove the post...Reason I have not read all of this thread is the spoilers..Ditto.So far, in the tiny increments I'm able to wander into this forum, it's a great place w/ really intelligent comments, but, the co-mingling of the bookspoilers and no-spoilers doesn't seem to be working - how dare a newbie suggest adjusting something structural with such little experience, but, I'm becoming afraid of this place!Maybe after the crushing traffic boom with the new book's release, maybe after then and before season two of the HBO show, there might be a way to more clearly segment and keep the tv-first folks on safer ground?
882	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-14	Ditto.So far, in the tiny increments I'm able to wander into this forum, it's a great place w/ really intelligent comments, but, the co-mingling of the bookspoilers and no-spoilers doesn't seem to be working - how dare a newbie suggest adjusting something structural with such little experience, but, I'm becoming afraid of this place!Maybe after the crushing traffic boom with the new book's release, maybe after then and before season two of the HBO show, there might be a way to more clearly segment and keep the tv-first folks on safer ground?Possibly. One of the reasons we can't clear spoilers right now is because the server keeps puking. Yesterday, I'd try to edit some asshole spoiler post (a couple in this thread, even) and I'd get the SQL error of doom.One thing that would help is that if people would REPORT spoiler posts. (see that button in the lower left? That reports a post to all of the mods.) We can deal with things much more efficiently if one reports a post than if one is just waiting for a mod to happen into a thread.
883	Xanderpanda	2011-06-14	Reading some of the comments on the various reviews and so many are going on about how they won't tune in next week. I find it hard to believe that after watching all season they won't at least tune in one more episode which is also the final just to see how it all turns out. I don't think it will hit numbers though if some choose not to return. In fact the shock and buzz thats been spreading like wildfire will probably increase the viewership to more then those the episode 'lost'.
884	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-14	[mod] FFS, people. This is a NO SPOILERS thread. I'm going to start banning those who can't follow simple instructions. That includes alluding to what's coming in Episode 10 with some half-spoilery LOL remark. [/mod]
885	Vestrit	2011-06-14	this guy Larry is lame. Trying way too hard
That said, 'they killed my nigga Ned' is pretty awesome
886	Cot	2011-06-14	Regardless of how he did it, I still very much prefer that he made his exit with his honor intact.One day you may learn that life is not a song.
887	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-14	It may not be a throw away cheap death but to those of us new to the series it certainly feels that way.  I love Sean Bean as an actor so I'll compare his death to his other death in Fellowship of the Ring.  In that movie he betrayed his friends but redeemed himself in a valiant final stand.  He regained his honor and went out fighting.  In GoT he threw his honor away for, what looks to be so far, no reason at all.  It would have been better if he rose up and told the king where to stick the Iron Throne before telling the crowd "This is how a Stark dies!" while submitting to the headman with his honor intact.  Right now, Martin does indeed feel like a sadistic author to this Ice and Fire newbie.What you are missing is that Ned was willing to compromise his honor for his family and
	Spoiler  this is a CLUE about Jon.  Ned would lie to protect him for the love he bore his sister.
888	Xxtayce	2011-06-14	One day you may learn that life is not a song.Oh, well played.
	Spoiler  Â<U+0093>Life is not a song, sweetling,Â<U+0094> heÂ<U+0092>d told her. Â<U+0093>You may learn that one  day to your sorrow.Â<U+0094> In life, the monsters win, she told herself, and  now it was the HoundÂ<U+0092>s voice she heard, a cold rasp, metal on stone.
889	Abaddon	2011-06-14	It may not be a throw away cheap death but to those of us new to the series it certainly feels that way.  I love Sean Bean as an actor so I'll compare his death to his other death in Fellowship of the Ring.  In that movie he betrayed his friends but redeemed himself in a valiant final stand.  He regained his honor and went out fighting.  In GoT he threw his honor away for, what looks to be so far, no reason at all.  It would have been better if he rose up and told the king where to stick the Iron Throne before telling the crowd "This is how a Stark dies!" while submitting to the headman with his honor intact.  Right now, Martin does indeed feel like a sadistic author to this Ice and Fire newbie.I understand where you're coming from.  But I have to disagree that he "threw away his honor" and I 100% disagree it would have been better if he had stood up defiant.  It wouldn't have done a damn bit of good.  Who's going to listen to a Hand accused of treason, brought up to confess his sins, who screams of incest and injustice?  The lords are already in on everything and the commoners who came to see 'justice' have no power and don't really care anyway.  So, I disagree it would have done anything worthwhile, at all.  The really difficult thing with Ned's death is that he was damned either way.  And that everyone was prepared to give him an out except for the little tyrant Joffrey.Ned's death, and the way he died, is important, because it tells us that this isn't a song, it's not a world where things are hard but hey it all works out in the end.  Sometimes, there is no resurrection (Gandalf) and there is no warm happy redemption (Boromir).  But hey, Denethor was a pretty tragic figure who is not redeemed at all.  Frodo was haunted to the end of his days by what happened and had to pass over the sea (go to heaven) before he could find any real peace.  It's not really all sunshine and roses in LOTR, although there's a lot more dancing around the ugly bits.  Sometimes, bad things happen to good people, sometimes good people make bad or even evil decisions.  Sometimes people who are generally bad do good things.  That's captured beautifully in GoT.I wouldn't sugar coat it... there are moments where you want to punch something, hard.  Ned's death was the first.  There's a good amount of 'grim' in this story.  The depth of feeling we are seeing with the airing of this episode indicates that the viewers have truly 'bought in' to the characters and the setting and really care.  The story doesn't pull punches from here on out.  But the mantra 'nobody is safe' doesn't mean 'everyone is not safe' either.  There's a lot to recommend sticking around.  But it can be a very tough ride at times.
890	Abaddon	2011-06-14	how dare a newbie suggest adjusting something structural with such little experience, but, I'm becoming afraid of this place!No-spoiler threads are specifically for newbies... it's difficult though, because most of us are 'spoiled' /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />.  If we didn't post here, it would, I think, deprive the threads of a lot of their activity.  On the other hand, it's really hard to avoid spoiling things and say anything substantive.  I've been reading on the Television Without Pity threads and comments that I read as obviously book-inspired but (to me) seemed quite innocuous gave information to viewers they would not otherwise have had.I think we all just need to be a little more vigilant, and maybe the No Spoilers threads need to be more heavily moderated, perhaps with a focus on the current episode no spoilers thread(s)?  And, as X-Ray says above, we spoiled readers (myself very much included) can be better about reporting posts that include obvious spoilers.  Hopefully the SQL errors go away so the mods are allowed to be more responsive to editing spoilers out of posts.Also, a request for 'spoilered' people: PLEASE, instead of putting spoiler tags around things, just don't post.  It's obnoxious to be in a No Spoilers thread and see a bunch of black boxes around a succession of posts.  We spoiled people have tons of threads we can comment in without having to include spoiler boxes.  These threads (as few as they are) should be focused on providing a forum for unspoiled discourse that everyone can participate in.  Just my $0.02 and change.
					
					
							Edited by Abaddon, 14 June 2011 - 09:33 AM.
891	The Beard	2011-06-14	Someone sent me a nice message saying to stick around and talk to some of you some more.  I can see what some of you are saying and I do agree with many of your points (especially in your post Abaddon.)
You're right.  I suppose Ned kept his honor in that he believed he was doing right by his daughters by lying in front of the people.  And yes I'm old enough and have been burned enough to know that the good guys don't always win/live.  I could go on a rant and say that I don't watch movies or read books to remind me that good guys often die.  I watch shows and read books to be entertained.  Of course I have been entertained with GoT so far and I suppose Ned's death hit me so hard because I liked his character so much.  The emotional side of me wanted more of a Braveheart death where he was executed as a trader and jeered by the crowd but still refused to break.  But the rational side of me sees that this just wasn't possible in the story GRRM wanted to tell and I'll have to trust you all that it will be worth it in the long run.
892	MyniggaNed	2011-06-14	Don't read unless your at ASoS
	Spoiler I wonder how the red- you-know-what will be like for him.
His roomate seems to be having some fun, but how did everyone find out about him crying? 

Did they say they were going to sell Season 1 DVD's?  I don't have HBO so this would help me out.
					
					
							Edited by MyniggaNed, 14 June 2011 - 11:57 AM.
893	iheartseverus	2011-06-14	Spoiler Testing if this spoiler thing is working lol 

	Spoiler  Yep, it is!  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />
894	MyniggaNed	2011-06-14	Everyone should look at my username /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
895	Talleyrand	2011-06-14	My favourite part has to be when the room mate says "Fuck the white man and his books" and Larry replies "Nah fuck the Blond Man!"
896	Chislev	2011-06-14	Thanks very much for the oh so friendly reply.  Rest assured the feeling is mutual.  Regardless of how he did it, I still very much prefer that he made his exit with his honor intact.Sacrificing your daughters to preserve your "honor" is kind of dishonorable, no?
897	The Beard	2011-06-14	Sacrificing your daughters to preserve your "honor" is kind of dishonorable, no?Gah!  I already covered that.  I obviously didn't want him to hand over his daughters to be killed but I wish GRRM wrote it in a way to avoid lying at the end.  He didn't and I have to accept that but I wish he wrote it slightly different.
898	Rhaenys	2011-06-15	I just wanted to say that even though I read the books multiple times and knew what was coming in this episode, my reaction was so much stronger watching the show than it was reading the books. Leading up to the beheading, I just had this sinking feeling in my stomach and I was trembling. After it happened I actually started sobbing!! They really did a good job with that scene.
899	Warg Arry	2011-06-15	Gah!  I already covered that.  I obviously didn't want him to hand over his daughters to be killed but I wish GRRM wrote it in a way to avoid lying at the end.  He didn't and I have to accept that but I wish he wrote it slightly different.I know what you are saying and I agree up to a point. I know I wished for the same thing. But that moment demonstrates an important character trait of Lord Eddard Stark.On a personal note. I hold myself to a fairly high standard. there are things I will not do under any circumstances usually. But I'm also a parent. If it meant that my sons would have even a slim chance of survival. I would cheerfully lie, straight faced while doing the hokey pokey. And so much more... there are somethings you do for your blood that you would never consider, on any other ordinary day. To me (once you get over the shock of the lie) it makes him more of a hero in that moment. He sacrificed himself completely, his personality, his honour, his life. To give his daughters that one tiny chance of survival.. It was worth it to him.
900	The Beard	2011-06-15	I know what you are saying and I agree up to a point. I know I wished for the same thing. But that moment demonstrates an important character trait of Lord Eddard Stark.On a personal note. I hold myself to a fairly high standard. there are things I will not do under any circumstances usually. But I'm also a parent. If it meant that my sons would have even a slim chance of survival. I would cheerfully lie, straight faced while doing the hokey pokey. And so much more... there are somethings you do for your blood that you would never consider, on any other ordinary day. To me (once you get over the shock of the lie) it makes him more of a hero in that moment. He sacrificed himself completely, his personality, his honour, his life. To give his daughters that one tiny chance of survival.. It was worth it to him.After letting things sink in for a couple of days I see the wisdom of this point of view more and more.  And yes, as the parent of two young boys, I know I would do anything to keep them safe.  I suppose, since this is a work of fiction, that I wish it could have worked out more to my liking.  It is a selfish thought of course, but an honest one.  One of the things that pains me about Sean Bean's portrayal of Ned Stark is the way he captures confusion at the moment of betrayal.  It was on his face when Littlefinger turned on him at the throne and it was on his face when that sniveling false king Joffrey condemned him.  There's something about that initial confusion that makes it seem all the more real and all the more heartbreaking.  I just got done watching the end of the episode for a second time and the way he composes himself and offers no resistance does prove to give him a courageous and honorable death. I'm still ticked though.
901	iheartseverus	2011-06-15	One of the things that pains me about Sean Bean's portrayal of Ned Stark is the way he captures confusion at the moment of betrayal.  It was on his face when Littlefinger turned on him at the throne and it was on his face when that sniveling false king Joffrey condemned him.  There's something about that initial confusion that makes it seem all the more real and all the more heartbreaking.  I just got done watching the end of the episode for a second time and the way he composes himself and offers no resistance does prove to give him a courageous and honorable death. I'm still ticked though.It was poignant down in the black cells when Lord Stark tells Varys:  'I was raised with soldiers.  I learned how to die a long time ago.'  R.I.P., good man./crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
902	King-Slayer	2011-06-15	He said in his video description he's not giving up at some point last night. So he'll at least watch the next episode.Yeah,I don't think he'll be able to stay away even though he wants to. He's invested too much time and emotion miss the final episode.I missed a couple reviews but loved his nerd rage remarks over Jaime and Ned's fight getting ruined by interference by the guard..I also like his  comments about hating spoilers.  It is true even when people make certain comments without actually telling you anything, it's still might spoil things. at least this Ned part wasn't spoiled for him. I came across the Ned spoiler before I finished the first book just by someone saying not to get attached to Ned, geez, a gradeschool kid could figure out what that means. I just didn't know how it was going to happen so I did a marathon read of the first book before I heard or read anything else. . I am extra careful now what I read or what sites I go to. I'm on book 2 and reading them all before anything else gets ruined.
903	citizenmilton	2011-06-15	I don't agree w/ OtakuAssemble AKA Larry's perspective, but I admire and enjoy his passion and enthusiasm.HBO pulling this off, putting an entire campaign around a character who's not gonna last till the season finale. That's just audacious, brilliant, and the kind of thing that continues to make HBO essential. Love it.But, to pay tribute to Larry's (hopefully temporary) rage, I made this:[img]http://img90.imagesh...meofthrones.jpg[/img][media]http://img90.imageshack.us/img90/1835/gameofthrones.jpg[/media](hmm, evidently I don't know how to embed or if it's even allowed. sorry)
					
					
							Edited by citizenmilton, 15 June 2011 - 11:31 PM.
904	iheartseverus	2011-06-15	I don't agree w/ OtakuAssemble AKA Larry's perspective, but I admire and enjoy his passion and enthusiasm.HBO pulling this off, putting an entire campaign around a character who's not gonna last till the season finale. That's just audacious, brilliant, and the kind of thing that continues to make HBO essential. Love it.But, to pay tribute to Larry's (hopefully temporary) rage, I made this:[img]http://img90.imagesh...meofthrones.jpg[/img][media]http://img90.imageshack.us/img90/1835/gameofthrones.jpg[/media](hmm, evidently I don't know how to embed or if it's even allowed. sorry)That's fabulous!  Hopefully you sent it to him?  He'll make it a poster on his wall, I don't doubt.  Very nicely done!
905	iheartseverus	2011-06-15	I don't agree w/ OtakuAssemble AKA Larry's perspective, but I admire and enjoy his passion and enthusiasm.HBO pulling this off, putting an entire campaign around a character who's not gonna last till the season finale. That's just audacious, brilliant, and the kind of thing that continues to make HBO essential. Love it.But, to pay tribute to Larry's (hopefully temporary) rage, I made this:[img]http://img90.imagesh...meofthrones.jpg[/img][media]http://img90.imageshack.us/img90/1835/gameofthrones.jpg[/media](hmm, evidently I don't know how to embed or if it's even allowed. sorry)Your first try, under the this, worked just fine.
906	Triskan	2011-06-15	I love this guy's reaction.  Soooo funny.  But I also empathize.  I was stunned upon my initial reading.  
Oh yeah, and the blonde man?  Fuck him.  
(I'm blonde of hair, for what it's worth)
"George RR Martin, you are a sick, cruel, twisted individual, and may God have mercy on your soul."
907	TheEvilKing	2011-06-16	I don't agree w/ OtakuAssemble AKA Larry's perspective, but I admire and enjoy his passion and enthusiasm.HBO pulling this off, putting an entire campaign around a character who's not gonna last till the season finale. That's just audacious, brilliant, and the kind of thing that continues to make HBO essential. Love it.But, to pay tribute to Larry's (hopefully temporary) rage, I made this:[img]http://img90.imagesh...meofthrones.jpg[/img][media]http://img90.imageshack.us/img90/1835/gameofthrones.jpg[/media](hmm, evidently I don't know how to embed or if it's even allowed. sorry)Brilliant!
908	The hairy bear	2011-06-16	There's also this guy who recorded the reaction of his gifriend at the final scene.Truth be told, I suspect it may be fake. Looks too staged, IMO. Not sure about this one.
909	Ser Hippie	2011-06-16	From the ew.com article commentsI canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t believe that happened! I was only watching this show because of Khalâ<U+0080><U+0099>s horse. Now that heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dead Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m quitting this show and canceling HBO.
910	Morrigan	2011-06-16	There's also this guy who recorded the reaction of his gifriend at the final scene.Truth be told, I suspect it may be fake. Looks too staged, IMO. Not sure about this one.Hah, she wasn't that over the top, I have no reason to disbelieve that one.
911	Asarlai	2011-06-16	"If they kill Drogo, I'm dropping this f---ing series. Seriously. I'm dropping this f---ing series. You can't take both of 'em! I shit you not. George R.R. Martin, you are a sick, cruel, twisted individual. May God have mercy on your soul."
Hilarious.
But looking at the other reviews, he does seem generally happy with the series.
					
					
							Edited by Asarlai, 16 June 2011 - 09:52 AM.
912	Ser Greguh	2011-06-16	I don't agree w/ OtakuAssemble AKA Larry's perspective, but I admire and enjoy his passion and enthusiasm.HBO pulling this off, putting an entire campaign around a character who's not gonna last till the season finale. That's just audacious, brilliant, and the kind of thing that continues to make HBO essential. Love it.But, to pay tribute to Larry's (hopefully temporary) rage, I made this:OMFG that is fantastic!  That must be sent to him.I've updated my sig in honor of Larry's reaction.  It was too awesome.  Two months ago to the Game of Thrones community he was just a guy who kinda endearingly and enthusiastically stumbled over house names and plot summaries, and look how much he's grown /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Seriously, the number of television shows capable of eliciting that kind of reaction are few and far between.
913	Ser Greguh	2011-06-16	It was inevitable: Hitler learns of Ned Stark's fate (NSFW).
914	Warg Arry	2011-06-16	It was inevitable: Hitler learns of Ned Stark's fate (NSFW).That is brilliant.
915	Which Tyler	2011-06-18	Linky
916	Morrigan	2011-06-18	Yeah, funny, but...
(A Storm of Swords spoilers)
	Spoiler you know the part where the officer tugs at his collar nervously? Before that, I would have totally have Hitler say, "well, at least his son will live on as the King in the North to avenge him!" /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Or, with the woman crying, I would have written, "don't worry, Tyrion doesn't die at least" or something.

I LOLed @ "Stannis" instead of Stalin, though.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 18 June 2011 - 07:09 AM.
917	arantius	2011-06-18	Back to Larry's reaction: too funny!  I absolutely loved how angry he was trying to tell the Khal Drogo plot line because he knows that after what happened to Ned, Drogo's most likely going to cark it.
BTW the Hitler sequence has a thread of it's own - see Gift from Spain thread in this sub-forum.
918	Howdyphillip	2011-06-22	I just wanted to say that even though I read the books multiple times and knew what was coming in this episode, my reaction was so much stronger watching the show than it was reading the books. Leading up to the beheading, I just had this sinking feeling in my stomach and I was trembling. After it happened I actually started sobbing!! They really did a good job with that scene.I have also read the books. I am on my fourth read right now, although it has been about 3 years since I read them last. I liked the TV rendition of this event, but it did not hold the same emotional impact as the first time that I read the book. I was absolutely stunned. I remember having to put the book down and cry. I was prepared for it on watching, and although I think they HBO did a phenomenal job, it didn't hold as much emotional impact because I was braced for it.
919	Rhodan	2011-06-13	Thanks for the guide. There is one mistake though: The detail of his (Varys) having traveled with mummers when he was a boy, before he was castrated, as been pulled in from A Clash of Kings. No, it wasnÂ´t. Varys said this in corresponding scene in AGOT.
920	Ran	2011-06-17	Indeed! Thanks for noting it, we've corrected it.
921	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-15	Anybody else here who enjoy reading the live Twitter reactions on Winter-Is-Coming.net? The site posts a selection of these Twitter posts after each episode. Some of the fun (for me at least) is to read the reactions from non-book readers, and the fact that the comments are posted live make them more spontaneous as well.A few excerpts from episode 9:Anyway, Catelyn returns to camp to deliver the great news:@JrDreadOnline: Now THAT is an arranged marriage!@vivaciousvirgo: Arya will slice and dice that kid before she marries him.@minemonkey: Robert has to marry an ugly woman just to cross a bridge!@ReallyAlly: ROBB GOT TROLLED@shannonpixie: hahaha, Arya has to marry a Frey. AND SO DO YOU ROBB! #fuckallfreys Hey! Julia Frey is still cool in my book.@gusandleo: Oh, gee. At least Robb gets a choice. Not so much for Arya.@cdeminski: Did you get a look at his daugters? I did, but I canÂ<U+0092>t tell you what they looked like Â<U+0096> you just had lunch@Roewoof: ARYA IS NOT GOING TO MARRY THAT BEASTS SON!! HOW DARE SHE PROMISE ARYA?@Paco_ICEandFIRE: MARRY ONE WITHOUT HERPES ROBB@amarettosaurus: And? Well they all look like inbred hillbillies.@LyannaTargaryen: Â<U+0093>One of them wasÂ<U+0085>Â<U+0094> Â<U+0097> A ringing endorsement for your proposed daughter in law.[...]Viewers dealing with Lord Ned's Head basically went through the Five Stages of Grief. It was sort of like a psychology clinic.DENIAL:@bellie7: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!@Barburella: no no no no no no no no no no no no no@ARedheadThing: no no no no no@tinababy09: Ned NOOOOOOOOO!!@rrachelll: My heart just burst. Oh god no.@dreamyeyed: No, no, no, no, no, no, NO.@cdeminski: WHAT???@SarahPrestige: HE DIED?!!?! NoÂ<U+0085>noÂ<U+0085>NO!!!! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />@bodysnatchers23: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO@TheDarkPower: Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!@PDX_Fire: Crap what happened? No don't tell me@cdeminski: WHAT JUST HAPPENED????@Lowthor: noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo@crammus: Noooooooooooo!@rosiefhillier: #Gameofthrones no fricking way..@mountain_duwe: im gonna throw up. omg i cannot even believe what just happened.@Owsler: Been a while since any story had me going, 'No, no, no, no, no, fuck, no', but dammit #gameofthrones gon'dunnit....ANGER:@obsidianoffing: OH THAT IS BULLSHIT! fsjdlgslejf3tw593@(@*!&&@ktobrien16: WTF #GameOfThrones??? WTF???@candywest89: WTF??? Why??????????@geoffwoody: GameOfThrones feckin hell!!!!!Â<U+0085>Â<U+0085>@MOMXW: F**KING HELL!!! No spoilers as promised but seriouslyÂ<U+0085>Â<U+0085> F**KING HELL!!!@J0rdanC: OH HELL NO HOW THEY JUST GONNA KILL LIL ARIA'S FATHER LIKE THAT?! I am boycottingÂ<U+0085> #PISSED@HikaruChan7: WTF!!!!!!!!!!!@bellie7: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!@_centraltime: GOD I CANNOT EVEN WITH THIS SHOW.@fadiseikaly: REEVEENNGGEEE #deathtojoffrey@intentionalbird: Winter is Coming, assholes.@prgirl73: Seriously?! Did you really have to go by the book and kill Eddard Stark?! I LOVEHATE you HBO!@SamuelERobinson: Bugger.Source:ReTweet Offender
922	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-17	Loved these... thanks for re-tweetposting them.
923	Anomandaris86	2011-06-17	Funny video:http://www.youtube.c...h?v=1kLSYTHQbm4
924	Ran	2011-06-12	Spoiler discussion for episode 9, titled "Baelor". It is the penultimate episode of the first season.
925	kairparavel	2011-06-12	The Twins! in the opening credits.
No matter what I think of the show, the credits are utterly fantastic.
926	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	haven't been this interested in a tv show since MASH ended.  shit, meet fan.
927	Gildenlow	2011-06-12	Dayum, Varys.
928	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	Hope that isn't the only exposition we get for Varys being cut - his stort is an interesting one.
929	Gildenlow	2011-06-12	"I've known Lord Walder since I was a girl. He'd never harm me."
930	kairparavel	2011-06-12	I forgot Filch was playing Walder!
Also, it's kinda funny to see the entire Frey clan on screen.
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 12 June 2011 - 08:11 PM.
931	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	I forgot Filch was playing Walder!Also, it's kinda funny to see the entire Frey clan on screen.wsa just going to be asking if that was the same actor.damn.  nice looking weapon.
932	Starkess	2011-06-12	I keep hoping they're going to somehow change things...but no...
"No one knows!" Lol. Jon is so emo. I just read this scene in the book last night, and between this and his utter ungratefulness at Old Bear giving him the sword really doesn't make him very sympathetic.
933	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-12	WTF? Where did Jaehaerys go?
934	kairparavel	2011-06-12	...choose between what is right and what is easy - I thought Maester Aemon was about to channel Dumbledore
935	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	Don't know if it is me projecting or not, but Jon's eyes getting slowly larger as Aemon keeps speaking and he realizes who he is talking to was spot on.
936	kairparavel	2011-06-12	For the first time in 9 episodes I found myself looking at the clock, wondering how they were going to make it all happen tonight.
937	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	not so subtle how Mirri looked at Danys belly when she said "not your death".
938	kairparavel	2011-06-12	They sure don't like horses on this show, eh.
939	Gildenlow	2011-06-12	oh FUCK
940	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	ASOIAF "I Never"?
941	Starkess	2011-06-12	1, I don't remember Shae being such a bitch. And 2, show-Tyrion doesn't pay his gold for Tysha?!?! That's a pretty big change to that story...
942	AUyushu	2011-06-12	Man, I'm loving the casting of Bronn, pure awesomeness. He's even better this episode than he has been in others.
					
					
							Edited by AUyushu, 12 June 2011 - 08:46 PM.
943	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	1, I don't remember Shae being such a bitch. And 2, show-Tyrion doesn't pay his gold for Tysha?!?! That's a pretty big change to that story...agreed on both.I guess shortening the battle by not focusing on Tyrions portion makes sense, but taking one shot to the head and then ending up looking like he did doesn't quite fit.
944	kairparavel	2011-06-12	hooboy. here we go.
in other news, Robb continues to grow on me.
ETA. Ah. Baelor.
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 12 June 2011 - 08:53 PM.
945	Starkess	2011-06-12	I can't watch this...ETA: The worst part for me is that Ned confesses. His honor was the second most important thing to him, and he didn't even have it to ease his death. So sad.
					
					
							Edited by Starkess, 12 June 2011 - 08:54 PM.
946	kairparavel	2011-06-12	Joffrey you fuck. Fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you.
947	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	answers how Yoren would know about Arya at least.
oh...oh Ned.  
Joffrey, you little shit.
last chance for TOJ....
948	Knight of Pansies	2011-06-12	So, I feel cheated out of two battles here.  Anyone else?
949	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	So, I feel cheated out of two battles here.  Anyone else?Not really - the people, strategies & games going on for me are far more important than seeing swords swinging.   Jorah taking out the blood rider was fine, the aftermath of the Lannister - Stark battle was good enough.
950	AUyushu	2011-06-12	hooboy. here we go.in other news, Robb continues to grow on me.ETA. Ah. Baelor.Yeah, I think they are doing a good job of setting him up for next season as a pseudo Ned substitute.
951	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	Good lord, that was... rough to watch./stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
952	blasted_saber	2011-06-12	Poor Ned. 
Shae looks like Cher, lol.
953	word	2011-06-12	So, I feel cheated out of two battles here.  Anyone else?Yeah I thought for sure they would at least show one of them...honestly I expected a lot out of this episode... too much I guess...
954	Triskan	2011-06-12	I thought the final scene was great.  Very well-handled.  
Did Cersei really want Joff to let Ned take the black?  In this scene it looks that way, and I"m not positive from the text what her true intentions were.
955	blasted_saber	2011-06-12	Double post
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 12 June 2011 - 09:01 PM.
956	End of Disc One	2011-06-12	They spoiled KING IN THE NORTH in the preview for next week!
957	Northern Lady	2011-06-12	The last scene was just as depressing as I thought it would be. Everyone did a great job, but damn do I need a hug now.
958	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-12	God. DAMN!
That made Boromir's death look like a red shirt on Star Trek by comparison. I know there are some things people will call out in this episode, but that finish trumps all of that crap.
959	Bronn Stone	2011-06-12	So, I feel cheated out of two battles here.  Anyone else?Nope.  If you don't have $10M to do them properly, don't do them at all.
960	Unsullier	2011-06-12	Great episode, and I LOL'd when Bronn told Tyrion to "stay low."
But, the Shae, Tyrion, Bronn Truth or Dare scene was rather hokey.
961	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	I thought the final scene was great.  Very well-handled.  Did Cersei really want Joff to let Ned take the black?  In this scene it looks that way, and I"m not positive from the text what her true intentions were.Pretty sure it was said that it took even her by surprise when he announced the "bring me his head".  I think it came in a conversation afterwards though - maybe with Tyrion.
962	So1ar	2011-06-12	yeah i felt a little cheated on the battles. i would have liked to see the green fork. i've never nitpicked about the cast but shae just looks all wrong to me. but overall a pretty good episode. the ending was great imo.
also, for the season finale preview they showed the greatjon yelling "king in the north!" god. damn. it. hbo. why don't we just show the dragons while we're at it.
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 12 June 2011 - 09:05 PM.
963	CelticCail	2011-06-12	Did Cersei really want Joff to let Ned take the black?  In this scene it looks that way, and I"m not positive from the text what her true intentions were.She reacted similarly surprised and freaked out at his sudden change of heart in the book, definitely.  The scene and her reaction were spot on.
964	Eve	2011-06-12	Don't know if it is me projecting or not, but Jon's eyes getting slowly larger as Aemon keeps speaking and he realizes who he is talking to was spot on.That scene seriously gave me chills.  Great job.
965	snookyrump	2011-06-12	Before all the human lovers go bonkers, I understand that Sophie Turner will be adopting Sean Bean...
966	Asarlai	2011-06-12	Man, that sucks. We all knew it was coming, but many of us were watching with people who didn't.They spoiled KING IN THE NORTH in the preview for next week!They pretty much had to; it's the only thing that would make sure people came back. He died, but his son will be king, and they're winning the war. At least a hopeful note.
967	CelticCail	2011-06-12	I don't like Shae for lots of reasons.  But anyway.
That episode was freaking awesome.  I can't think of much to complain about.  I can just see the people watching with no prior knowledge completely shocked and freaked out.  Awesome.
968	End of Disc One	2011-06-12	Man, that sucks. We all knew it was coming, but many of us were watching with people who didn't.They pretty much had to; it's the only thing that would make sure people came back. He died, but his son will be king, and they're winning the war. At least a hopeful note.Not really, they made it clear the Starks were giving the Lannisters a beating and were not going to let up.  They didn't have to show Greatjon yelling that line.
969	Mya Stone	2011-06-12	That just broke my heart in a million pieces. It was somehow much more painful to watch than read. Having Ned see (and consequently save) Arya just shattered me. And Sean Bean's final moments were amazingly acted. Not to mention both girls played their roles to a T. Heartbreaking. Damn.
970	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-12	gods, that shit just never gets easier. poor Ned. we're eating chocolate ice cream and hugging the cats to recover. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
brilliant episode.
971	Slyfinger	2011-06-12	This was an excellent fucking episode. I knew everything that was coming but the whole thing was really rough.
I'm gonna go for a walk now. I need some air.
972	Lokhtar	2011-06-12	So no battle scenes.  They didn't do them in Rome either with a bigger budget.  That's just the way it's going to be.  It's fine by me but I can see how a lot of people (esp. traditional fantasy viewers) might be disappointed.  That's always one fo the big things keeping fantasy from being done on TV...it costs $$$.
973	Slyfinger	2011-06-12	double. site seems busy.
					
					
							Edited by Slyfinger, 12 June 2011 - 09:14 PM.
974	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-12	special props to Sophie and Kit for their acting in this episode. Both did fabulously with the "oh shit" realizations that each character experienced.
975	Asarlai	2011-06-12	George RR Martin said someone who dies in ASOS will actually die in this season, right?
Can it be Joffrey?
976	kairparavel	2011-06-12	Yeah, I am not happy about HBO revealing the King in the North stuff just outright like that. Goddamnit.I was on edge the whole hour with the 'Will they, won't they?' and it was kind of agonizing the way the KL plot started, then disappeared for the next 50 minutes. Only real complaint is Shae and the scene in the tent playing Guess Why I'm So Fucked Up..Loved Filch Walder. Robb gets better every episode. After seeing the trailer for Conan earlier, I have a uh, greater appreciation for Jason Momoa. He's not just too much eyeliner after all... /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />
977	Lokhtar	2011-06-12	So no battle scenes.  They didn't do them in Rome either with a bigger budget.  That's just the way it's going to be.  It's fine by me but I can see how a lot of people (esp. traditional fantasy viewers) might be dissapointed.  That's always one fo the big things keeping fantasy from being done on TV...it costs $$$.
978	Mr. X	2011-06-12	I've known what was coming for Ned every single time I've read or watched that scene, but it's always heartbreaking.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
979	Trebla	2011-06-12	Cersei had every intention of letting Ned take the black. I liked that they show both her and Varys scrambling to try and stop Joffrey. That was as hard to watch as I anticipated. "Oh, Ned..." indeed.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> So much to digest. So much right from the book while some very big changes. Aerys was EGG's son? Tyrion in the van. Shae "foreign" and not really seductive at all. 2000 men to the Green Fork while 18k to the Whispering Wind. Very intersting. I very much liked the GoT theme being played as the Northmen crossed the Twins. very nice touch. Another nice touch was Miri repeatedly glancing at Dany's stomach as she talked about the magic. I very much enjoyed the Judge the Character drinking game. Great way for exposition.eta: Gods I can't wait to read the freaking of people who had no idea they would kill Ned. My dad can't believe they killed both Robert and Ned.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 12 June 2011 - 09:18 PM.
980	Ran	2011-06-12	Having Ned see (and consequently save) Arya just shattered me.You too, huh? Such a beautiful choice on D&D's part, turning the smaller scale of the scene into something more personal. Ned's last two acts in life are his attempts to save Sansa and Arya, respectively.
981	Fiddler's Green	2011-06-12	I thought I was desensitized to that scene with the amount of times I've read the books, but that was awful.  I feel devastated right now.  I don't think I'll be able to actually watch a certain scene in Season 3
982	IheartTesla	2011-06-12	/frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> 
I thought it was a nice not-book touch for Ned to mumble to Yoren "Baelor" (I think thats what it was), so he would know to look for Arya under the statue. That's one thing I think made the scene stronger for it. And both the girls did a tremendous job of acting.
I'm a little disappointed at not showing either of the battles. But....I also realize that battles are usually terribly unrealistic on screen. I could have done without LoTR style dwarf humor though.
983	modehead	2011-06-12	My girlfriend (a non-reader whose gotten into the show) has been cursing since it happened, which is way out of character.
984	Lokhtar	2011-06-12	Yes, I definitely like this change from the books.  The scene was much more powerful that way.
985	Mark Antony	2011-06-12	You too, huh? Such a beautiful choice on D&D's part, turning the smaller scale of the scene into something more personal. Ned's last two acts in life are his attempts to save Sansa and Arya, respectively.yup but geeze that confession was so fucking hard to watch.
986	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-12	You too, huh? Such a beautiful choice on D&D's part, turning the smaller scale of the scene into something more personal. Ned's last two acts in life are his attempts to save Sansa and Arya, respectively.Yeah. Hooboy -- that whole scene was gut-wrenching.
987	MountainThatRides	2011-06-12	Well, I have to admit, this is the first episode I've felt conflicted about. I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I think it's good from a television standpoint, but this was bound to happen. My expectations got the better of me; these last two episodes are just way too jam-packed to satisfy every desire. They did a good job.
Shae's accent. Her whole character, in fact, was far different. I guess the 'earthy, home-grown, corn-fed whore' schtick was given over to Roz. Shae is some strange foreigner with a mysterious past, not at all the tough-as-nails, bawdy firebrand we know from the books. I really can't see Tyrion being as fiercely attracted to her as the book version of Shae, but whatever.
Tyrion's confession. The whole drinking game was a bit of a stretch, despite a few fine comedic moments, and while I thought it was an OK place for him to divulge, they fucked it up. The fact that Tywin made Tyrion take Tysha once the guards were through, and pay her a gold "because a Lannister is worth more", is an integral part. It's still monstrous and certainly depressing, but the book version is far more telling of Tywin's character. Hopefully he was just holding that little nugget back.
Walder Frey was well-cast -- I actually enjoyed him and the scene, but he never made a mention of Tywin Lannister's pride and how it irked him. I thought that bit of motivation was very important. Still, he satisfied.
No battle scenes. I can understand this, due to budgetary reasons, but it was still disappointing. I was actually hoping to see the battles, or at least part of them -- seeing Gregor Clegane laying about him, ordering Tyrion around (see: my signature), was something I've been looking forward to. That's just a personal quibble and doesn't really matter. The Whispering Wood, I've always thought, would have been easy to do if they stayed truthful: a night-time battle where you heard more than you saw. But I digress.
No mention of Roose Bolton; they changed Robb's strategy entirely, but it still worked where it needed to; I guess it doesn't matter in the long run.
One thing I did very much enjoy was Maester Aemon's confession to Jon. It's one of my favorite scenes in the first book and I'm glad they kept it intact. The Dothraki stuff was decent, and played out as I'd expected.
In conclusion: the final scene. It was grand. I didn't much like that Ned saw Arya, but when he yelled "Baelor!" to Yoren I changed my opinion. It wasn't a bad change. His death scene happened faster than I expected, but the rushed, confused and chaotic feel added to it. Can't wait to see my non-reader friends's reactions.
988	80r	2011-06-12	They did the ending fantastically.  I wish they put more info of the Whispering Wood battle, however.
+1 for annoyance about the "King in the North" preview.
Wow, there are a lot of people on this thread.
989	Asarlai	2011-06-12	yup but geeze that confession was so fucking hard to watch.Wish he would have at least yelled something when he realized. Maybe that would be too much like Braveheart.
990	Mark Antony	2011-06-12	I thought I was desensitized to that scene with the amount of times I've read the books, but that was awful.  I feel devastated right now.  I don't think I'll be able to actually watch a certain scene in Season 3i know its gonna be so much worse considering how good a certain actor is doing. im gonna not gonna be able to watch that scent.
991	Mr. X	2011-06-12	Having Ned see (and consequently save) Arya just shattered me. And Sean Bean's final moments were amazingly acted. Not to mention both girls played their roles to a T. Heartbreaking. Damn.Yes to all of this.I'm gonna go for a walk now. I need some air.I know the feeling.
992	Mr Bean	2011-06-12	Larry williams is not happy right now " they killed my niggah Ned! I don't play that shit fuck that shit man!"I honestly am going to stay up just to see his reactions tonight, he is the everyman who has no idea what's coming and I love that shit.  Quick thoughts1. What's going on with Shae?  That's Shae?  Okay... if you say so, she's seems to be a hundred times smarter than book Shae that's for sure.  2. Don't you talk bad about my Moma!  Seriously this is Shae?  Whaa?3. This is the first episode I gave a ten, there was some quibble points with them shortening Aemon's speech about being tested (He was tested twice before in the show he's tested only once) and the only real negative is again... that's Shae?  But I'll get beyond that.4. Shame we missed the mountain and them lining up but again I'm guess this is part budget constraints and part 10 episode limit, they could have done sooo much more with two more episodes.I seriously hope the Battle of the Blackwater at least gets a good chunk of the budget and Tyrion gets some more time in the armor.
993	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-12	Before all the human lovers go bonkers, I understand that Sophie Turner will be adopting Sean Bean...Bravo, sir.I knew what was coming, and that ending STILL was hard to watch.  They nailed that scene, and it more than made up for my minor disappointment in not getting to see the Whispering Wood--I wanted a chance to see badass Jaime in action before he...well, you know.That scene with Jon and Aemon was really good too.  I wasn't sure about the casting of Jon at the beginning of the season, but he's grown on me over time, and he was absolutely perfect here.Shae is not really as I pictured her, but it's not a major deal in the grand scheme of things.  I'm happy with all of the actors they got for the really important roles, so a relatively minor character like Shae not "doing it" for me isn't that big a problem.I will be really curious to see how many people watch Episode 10.  Will Ned's death turn off non-readers, or will they keep watching to see what happens next?
994	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	They did the ending fantastically.  I wish they put more info of the Whispering Wood battle, however.+1 for annoyance about the "King in the North" preview.Wow, there are a lot of people on this thread.I don't see them showing the "KitN" scene as a huge spoiler - it is all ready known that there is contention for who really should be sitting on the throne and who wants to be on the throne.  IF they had shown or even hinted at a dragons screach, THAT would have been too much of a spoiler.
995	Shepherd6	2011-06-12	OMG, OMG. Sean Bean nailed it! Awesome work on his part. I agree with those who said even though they knew it was coming it was so hard to watch and gave me chills. Robb is constantly good, as is Arya, and Sansa was awesome in this episode. Shae, to me is not what I pictured, but her stature and physique are right. Bronn is excellent. Quibble: Tyrion getting trampled by the hill tribes as they race toward battle. Is that supposed to imply that all he did in the battle of the Green Fork was get hit in the head by his own man and remain out cold for the whole fight? That is not cool.I understand budgetary issues but I feel it's important that it is shown Tyrion is not a coward fights alongside his men. Reactions at Baelor's were all spot on, I didn't see Littlefinger at the pertinent moment, did anyone notice if he inched closer to Joff? What an episode!
996	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	I thought the final scene was great.  Very well-handled.  Did Cersei really want Joff to let Ned take the black?  In this scene it looks that way, and I"m not positive from the text what her true intentions were.Yes, she reacts the same in the book, and she later has a conversation with someone (I think Tyrion, but it could also have been Tywin or Jaime...someone she wouldn't have lied to about it) and says Joff was told to have him take the black.
997	Wood of the Morning	2011-06-12	Strong episode from our acting ensemble.  Aemon was that dude in the backstory convo with Lord Snow.
Only beef is the Robb/Jamie scene....I feel like that would be confusing as hell for non readers as they only briefly mentioned Jamie skirmishing around and the audience was not privy to the "plan" of capturing the Kingslayer.  I'm not one to blindly say its a great show or nitpick small details but this was actually one scene where I think they made it more confusing than necessary.
durka durka.
998	Penny the Direwolf	2011-06-12	Wow that was amazing...
We got so much, but I am alittle concerned about non-readers understanding the two fight scenes.  Well the two non-fight scenes.  I wish Robb had said at the end "on to Riverrun!" so that people would know the battle they just fought wasn't really at Riverrun yet...
And I kinda hate Shae.  Is she supposed to be foreign?  I never got that impression...
A+ on the Tysa story
A+ on Robb being a badass with a heart.  It's just going to make the red wedding hurt more....
I was hoping for more with Drogo .. my non-reader husband didn't even know why he was sick.
I miss Bran /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I think next episode will start with his dream of finding Ned in the crypt.  Maybe we'll actually get to hear what ghost Ned says...
999	Kaitscralt	2011-06-12	What an amazing episode.
1) Changing the Tyrion battle to where he gets knocked out early on and stepped on a bunch of times was totally the right move. I bet GRRM himself wanted that one done. Watching Tyrion become a super hero against a bunch of knights just comes off as silly in the books.
2) Bronn is hilarious! Even funnier than Tyrion. And Shae seems good -- although this whole 'mysterious woman' thing she is giving out seems unnecessary.
3) Bronn has been North of the Wall? Wait, what?
4) Jorah fighting the Dothraki fellow was total badassery. He was clearly outmatched in speed but the armor paid off in the end. Those steel dresses that the Dothraki make fun of -- and just plain don't understand -- came back to haunt him. Brutal! Jorah is my new hero.
5) Eddard seeing and saving Arya. Yes! Perfect writing there. In the books it never made sense to me why Eddard didn't spot her on the statue. It is just too touching not to hit this note in the show. So sad.
6) The Cersei/Sansa/Varys freak out when Joffrey decides to off the head. Perfect rendition from the book!
7) Jon's emoness flares up badly in this episode, but at least for once he has reason to be upset.
8) Robb's time is here to take over the show.
--
On an aside, my non-reader sister called me bawling about Eddard. She's in the book up to where Renly just left, and she never expected Eddard to die. But she seems turned off by the series now, which is unfortunate. She said there is no amount of vengeance that will make it right. I didn't have the heart to tell her that there is no vengeance dealt period. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1000	oneeye	2011-06-12	I think they should have showed Jaime plowing his way through 10 men to get to Rob, would have added.
I think the Tyrion, Dany and Ned parts went well on tv though considering what happened. They did change Shae, but even in the books she was somewhat crafty.
Can't wait to see Joffrey choke.
1001	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	George RR Martin said someone who dies in ASOS will actually die in this season, right?Can it be Joffrey?No, it's a very minor character as is my understanding. Certainly not a major character.
1002	So1ar	2011-06-12	Wish he would have at least yelled something when he realized. Maybe that would be too much like Braveheart.lol what was he going to yell? freedom?
1003	Crow's  Eye	2011-06-12	Wow was that hard to watch.  As the book tells it from Arya's perspective, it's no where near as personal.  to get all of those shots of Ned after he realized his fate was almost too much.  Masterfully done.  In fact, everything from episode 6 on has been great (save maybe Littlefinger's "play with her ass" scene).
A little disappointed on the battle scenes, particularly the Whispering wood.  Could have done with a little less weird-Shae and 30 seconds of setup for the whispering wood.
Very disappointed there was not one mention of the Tower of Joy.  Really thought we'd see something from Ned there....
1004	Asarlai	2011-06-12	3) Bronn has been North of the Wall? Wait, what?He's Mance Rayder! Or maybe another deserter...5) Eddard seeing and saving Arya. Yes! Perfect writing there. In the books it never made sense to me why Eddard didn't spot her on the statue. It is just too touching not to hit this note in the show. So sad.Well, we saw through Arya's POV in the book, right? So maybe this was Mr. Martin telling us how Yoren knew, since Arya couldn't have known Ned was whispering.
1005	EdenShade	2011-06-12	It shouldn't be possible to be this upset about something that I've known happens for, what, 9 years? Vengeance.Fire and blood.
1006	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	Can't wait to see Joffrey choke.I didn't want to say it, but since you did...yes.He played that perfectly..."my mother...my lady.....bring me his head".  bastard.
1007	Aplomb	2011-06-12	I wish they had at least mentioned how much of a badass Grey Wind was, in the post-battle meeting.  I can understand logistics preventing us from seeing battles, or much of the direwolves, but they could at least discuss it.
Ned spotting Arya and getting Yoren to go to her is so perfect it is now canon in my personal conception of the story in the books.  It was always kind of weird to have Yoren show up out of nowhere.
Ned.  Never gets easier to take.  Props to the kid playing Joffrey, I want to smash his face in so much
I really love how Bronn seems to be enjoying himself.  In the books he seemed more self interested in gold and reward with some grudging respect for Tyrion mixed in, but on the show it's clear how much those two amuse each other.
1008	House Snow	2011-06-12	Honestly the ending was so well done, most of gripes don't really matter.
Really liked the Frey scene, very humorous, do wonder if nonreaders totally get the inside humor associated with it.
Robb really coming into his own as a character, although I wish they had cut his victory speech.  In fact I think that speech is a good example of why they didn't do the battles.  If a scene requires a lot of men and you just don't have the budget for it or you can't hide it then its not worth doing.  A bad battle scene is way more painful than no battle scene, and even superbig budget films screw up battles scenes so...
Awesome job by the kids in the final scene, especially Joffrey who is really giving Arya a run for her money as the best kid actor on the show.  That look of revenge he gave Sansa before doing it was pretty damn impressive acting IMO.  
Shae scenes were kind of goofy and they changes some things probably not necessarily for the better, I concur with Leaving the Lannister pays in gold line in,but in the big scheme of things its not a big deal.  Its going to be fascinating to see the reaction of non-readers.
1009	Asarlai	2011-06-12	No, it's a very minor character as is my understanding. Certainly not a major character.Yeah, I know, it would screw everything up. I just wanted...lol what was he going to yell? freedom?Haha, I know, there's nothing really to say in that time. "Bastard," "rebellion," "Stannis," none would have the impact of what we saw. Ah well.
1010	Kaitscralt	2011-06-12	I agree with choosing to leave out the battle scenes, but I also agree with people here that they should have explained what happened more clearly, from Robb's strategy to Jaime's position and killing men nearly all the way to Robb.
Oh well!
1011	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	He's Mance Rayder! Or maybe another deserter...Well, we saw through Arya's POV in the book, right? So maybe this was Mr. Martin telling us how Yoren knew, since Arya couldn't have known Ned was whispering.I might be mistaken but I thought Arya showed up as Ned was confessing, so he wouldn't have had the chance to tell Yoren. But I thought it was a perfectly fine change that established why Yoren would grab her (as opposed to, most likely, people wondering why some weird guy is grabbing her...Yoren was a few episodes ago and there's been a lot going on) that made the scene so much more heartwrenching. One of the changes I really liked.Also, totally necessary to show it how they did and not how it was in the book. If the episode ended with Ned getting hishead cut off and then a knife from a mysterious hand coming at Arya, with her not appearing in Episode 10, they should have been arrested for cruel and unusual punishment toward the audience.
					
					
							Edited by KyleLitke, 12 June 2011 - 09:34 PM.
1012	All-for-Joffrey	2011-06-12	I thought the episode, on a whole, was very well done but I have real problems with Robb's war strategy. Sending 2,000 men to die as a decoy against the thousands of Tywin Lannister's army in order to secure Riverrun and most of the riverlands is a VERY smart strategy, don't get me wrong, but I can't see Robb sacrificing his men like that in the books. He would view it as dishonorable (as it is) and just wouldn't do it in my opinion. It will be interesting if they try to use this angle to give Roose Bolton more sympathetic motivations for his actions in future episodes though (assuming he was the one leading the soldiers of the Green Fork in the show). 
I do understand why they had to edit out the battles and I actually sort of like what they did with Tyrion. In  the books it was kind of ridiculous that he had all this phyiscal prowess to fight battles and stay out alive (even if it was a lot of luck). Besides, it will make his moment at the Battle of the Blackwater that much more heroic.
Are they completely eliminating the character of Podrick Payne, or will they add him later? I suppose he is a rather unnecessary but he's so entertaining!
1013	Aegnor	2011-06-12	Before all the human lovers go bonkers, I understand that Sophie Turner will be adopting Sean Bean...Ok, after such a heartbreaking episode, it was good to have LOL moment.  That right there was funny.
1014	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	I can understand leaving out the battle scenes, but with all the money they saved on that they should have put the ToJ somewhere in the series. 
How cheap can they be?
Sean Bean was the best part of the show and has consistently been the anchor of the show all season.  Without him, I don't know how the show is going to do.  Jon, Robb, Arya and Tyrion are all great but I'm not sure they will be enough unless HBO decides to spend more money next season.
1015	Mya Stone	2011-06-12	You too, huh? Such a beautiful choice on D&D's part, turning the smaller scale of the scene into something more personal. Ned's last two acts in life are his attempts to save Sansa and Arya, respectively.Yes. It was a beautiful thing, and quite probable to extrapolate from the books, as well, since we only saw things in that scene through Arya's eyes. I'm still a little upset. Reading some people's reactions on TWOP is helping though. My favorite post is: Now I know how Janet Leigh's fans must have felt during Psycho.
1016	Shepherd6	2011-06-12	Very disappointed there was not one mention of the Tower of Joy.  Really thought we'd see something from Ned there.... Yes I agree! Forgot to mention that in my first post, still a lot to sift through. But this leaves me wondering so many things...in the episode GRRM penned he could have put in whatever variation of the TOJ he wanted, and fact that we got, well, nothing is disappointing to say the least.
1017	bens	2011-06-12	I thought the episode, on a whole, was very well done but I have real problems with Robb's war strategy. Sending 2,000 men to die as a decoy against the thousands of Tywin Lannister's army in order to secure Riverrun and most of the riverlands is a VERY smart strategy, don't get me wrong, but I can't see Robb sacrificing his men like that in the books. He would view it as dishonorable (as it is) and just wouldn't do it in my opinion. It will be interesting if they try to use this angle to give Roose Bolton more sympathetic motivations for his actions in future episodes though (assuming he was the one leading the soldiers of the Green Fork in the show). Well, he did basically sacrifice 2,000 men in the book, too, so I don't see why this would be against his principles...
1018	smegma	2011-06-12	So sad. I cried, even knowing what was going to happen. LOVED the added touch of him seeing Arya and saving her. I'm still all knotted up inside. 
The Freys were excellent, so glad we got that in the intro as well!
The Drogo tent stuff is awesome, and the sounds coming outta there were even better than I imagined. Jorah was STELLAR in his fight scene. Never in a million trillion years would I have thought I'd be panting over Jorah, but mamma mia. 
I think my favorite bit was Alfie's laughter when Robb is getting told the terms of the deal. Alfie was not at all how I pictured Theon, physically, but he's excellent in the show. I love every time he holds his bow <3
I think Shae is hot. Liked the drinking game scene.
1019	Trebla	2011-06-12	Walder Frey goosing his young wife= lol. Was it a "Waldron" Frey that Arya was supposed to marry?
Maekar prounounced "Mike-ar". My pronounciation "may-kar" appears to have been wrong.    /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> 
I'm not liking Shae. So is Tyrion supposed to fall in love with the mystery that she is? Eh, I very much preferred book Shae and her girlish seductiveness.
1020	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	Bronn being north of the wall makes sense.  Bronn's past isn't really made explicit in the books but where else do you think a mercenary would be getting work in the 9 or 10 years of peace under King Robert's rule since Balon Greyjoy's rebellion.
1021	Mya Stone	2011-06-12	I think my favorite bit was Alfie's laughter when Robb is getting told the terms of the deal. Alfie was not at all how I pictured Theon, physically, but he's excellent in the show. I love every time he holds his bow <3Yes! I actually laughed at his giggling reaction. It was perfect.
1022	All-for-Joffrey	2011-06-12	Well, he did basically sacrifice 2,000 men in the book, too, so I don't see why this would be against his principles...Perhaps I'm mistaken but in the books I thought Roose Bolton commanded a much greater portion of the northmen on the Green Fork than 2,000. I was always under the impression that they legitimately had a shot of winning the battle and routing Tywin. Obviously you can't do that with 2,000 men.
					
					
							Edited by All-for-Joffrey, 12 June 2011 - 09:41 PM.
1023	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	Its going to be fascinating to see the reaction of non-readers.LOL, I've been over at the TWoP site, where the Unsullied (non-readers) are screaming for Joffrey's head body parts.  Like this:I am now consoling myself by coming up with hideous ways for Joffrey to die. Assuming the writers follow Chekhov's maxim about showing the gun in scene 1, it's about time for *someone* on this show to contribute his manhood to a goat's dinner...go Joffrey go!
1024	Asarlai	2011-06-12	LOL, I've been over at the TWoP site, where the Unsullied (non-readers) are screaming for Joffrey's head body parts.  Like this:I am now consoling myself by coming up with hideous ways for Joffrey to die. Assuming the writers follow Chekhov's maxim about showing the gun in scene 1, it's about time for *someone* on this show to contribute his manhood to a goat's dinner...go Joffrey go!Hahahaha, if only this was to happen...
1025	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-12	I think my favorite bit was Alfie's laughter when Robb is getting told the terms of the deal. Alfie was not at all how I pictured Theon, physically, but he's excellent in the show. I love every time he holds his bow <3I think Shae is hot. Liked the drinking game scene.Agreed and agreed. I was chuckling right along side Theon, and felt horribly guilty at the same time. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />I like Shae. She's not how I imagined, but whatever. I'll be curious how her character progresses.
1026	Lokhtar	2011-06-12	Jack Gleeson is playing Joffery so perfectly...props to him.  Someone everyone hates.
1027	NW Deserter	2011-06-12	Not totally sure how to grade this episode...it had extremely good high points and some very questionable low points.
-The Dothraki stuff played out about how I expected, nothing earth-shattering until next episode. It was cool to see Jorah fight. I know MMD is a minor character but she was well cast.
-Aemon/Jon was a very cool scene, pretty haunting. I had doubts about Aemon's actor when we first saw him several episodes ago but he nailed his monologue this time around.
-Walder Frey looked far too young IMO but his attitude and way of speaking was spot on.
-First major gripe: Not showing any of the battles at all. Honestly, this was a pacing issue I think. Tyrion was first walking out of his tent in his armor with something like 17 minutes left, and for a second I thought maybe they were going for a 90 minute episode...and then we see absolutely no action at all. Same thing with the Whispering Wood. Maybe this was for the better, and I'm alright with admitting that, but it gives me a bit of apprehension about the huge battles in the coming seasons.
-Second major (huge gargantuan wtf) gripe: SHAE. I've complained on here about both Littlefinger's and Renly's casting, but in the end both grew on me...but Shae is pretty much the opposite of how I imagined in every way except her body type. What the fuck is up with her snapping at Tyrion and belittling him? Having a foreign accent? Mysterious past? What the hell?
-Third gripe: Kinda goes with Shae's stuff, but the way they chose to reveal Tyrion's past was ridiculous. A drinking game with him, her, and Bronn? I seriously doubt that would ever conceivably happen. One of the few HBO-created scenes I don't agree with.
-Robb's meeting with Jaime and his speech afterward was awesome. Although, slight side note - I'm a little disappointed that they revealed "King in the North" in the finale preview.
-The entire confession and beheading scene was just breathtakingly done. For the first time, I'm confident in saying that this scene was better on screen than in the books, largely because of Ned's last desperate attempt to save a member of his family. It sounds like one of those things that Martin wished he could have put in the book, though obviously it wouldn't work with the PoV structure. But every single actor up there was perfect, from Sansa's hysterics, to Cersei's reaction to her son, to Joff's smug satisfaction, and of course to Ned's realization of what's happening.
Whew. Heavy emotions right now. That was rough to take in. Only one more episode to go... /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />
1028	Xenophon	2011-06-12	DIIIIRK!!!!!
Eat that LeBron.
Oh, wrong forum.
1029	Mr. X	2011-06-12	I'm still a little upset. Reading some people's reactions on TWOP is helping though.I like this one:HOLY MOTHERFUCKER! That was incredible. I can't believe they did that. I feel bad for the people who have read the books, because I haven't been that shocked watching TV in ages.
1030	EdenShade	2011-06-12	Haha, I know, there's nothing really to say in that time. "Bastard," "rebellion," "Stannis," none would have the impact of what we saw. Ah well.I was really hoping for that too. Of course, I wanted him to get 30 seconds of absolute quiet to repudiate his confession and call out Cersei and Jamie for the world to see. Something, anything.
1031	Asarlai	2011-06-12	The Ros Shae scene was way too long. If they halved it, maybe they could have focused a little on the important battles.
1032	Eve	2011-06-12	I think my favorite bit was Alfie's laughter when Robb is getting told the terms of the deal. Alfie was not at all how I pictured Theon, physically, but he's excellent in the show. I love every time he holds his bow <3 I loved that part also.  I pictured Theon differently in the books as well, but I am really loving the actor playing him.  He is doing a great job.
1033	Lokhtar	2011-06-12	The Ros Shae scene was way too long. If they halved it, maybe they could have focused a little on the important battles.It wasn't the time that made them ignore battles - it was the $$.  That's the price of television instead of the big screen.
1034	Asarlai	2011-06-12	I loved that part also.  I pictured Theon differently in the books as well, but I am really loving the actor playing him.  He is doing a great job.Trying to imagine him doing the "And now I will slaughter the children" bit.
1035	blasted_saber	2011-06-12	How much of the battles were in the book? My memory is fuzzy as its been a few years since I read GoT.....
1036	Lokhtar	2011-06-12	How much of the battles were in the book? My memory is fuzzy as its been a few years since I read GoT.....It was Tyrion's PoV, so quite a bit of his battle was obviously there.
1037	Asarlai	2011-06-12	It wasn't the time that made them ignore battles - it was the $$.  That's the price of television instead of the big screen.The whispering wood could have been done lower budget, following some riders in the woods, mist/trees obscuring the full scene, showing Robb and Jaime each drop some people.
1038	Mr Bean	2011-06-12	Breaking news(Lol) if you wanted to know how everyone's favorite Larry reacted to Ned losing his head? 
Well we got this video to demonstrate (Raw footage)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=owf6D2vfZqM
Yeah it was pretty much exactly as everyone expected.
And yes this is the same Larry of OtakuASSEMBLE
					
					
							Edited by Mr Bean, 12 June 2011 - 09:50 PM.
1039	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	Perhaps I'm mistaken but in the books I thought Roose Bolton commanded a much greater portion of the northmen on the Green Fork than 2,000. I was always under the impression that they legitimately had a shot of winning the battle and routing Tywin. Obviously you can't do that with 2,000 men.I'm not sure but I don't think that's the case. Tywin essentially thinks Robb is a fool to engage him in combat, and while Tywin is cocky and thinks Robb is a green moron when it comes to leading men, I have a hard time believing Tywin would think that if less than half of Robb's men (we don't have a number, but Robb took the greater part of his army with him) could have beaten him.How much of the battles were in the book? My memory is fuzzy as its been a few years since I read GoT.....Tywin VS Bolton, a decent amount I think since Tyrion actually participated in the battle as opposed to being knocked out.Robb VS Jaime, zero, it was more or less how it happened there. We're told more but it's all from Cat's PoV, so we don't see any of the battle.
					
					
							Edited by KyleLitke, 12 June 2011 - 09:52 PM.
1040	bens	2011-06-12	Hahahaha, if only this was to happen...At least Joffrey does get a horrible death, and right at the moment of his triumph.
1041	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO.
1042	kairparavel	2011-06-12	Breaking news(Lol) if you wanted to know how everyone's favorite Larry reacted to Ned losing his head? Well we got this video to demonstrate (Raw footage)http://www.youtube.c...h?v=owf6D2vfZqMYeah it was pretty much exactly as everyone expected.And yes this is the same Larry of OtakuASSEMBLEIf you watch his live watching tv blog, as the credits roll he gets up and walks off camera and you can hear him banging stuff in the background.
1043	All-for-Joffrey	2011-06-12	I'm not sure but I don't think that's the case. Tywin essentially thinks Robb is a fool to engage him in combat, and while Tywin is cocky and thinks Robb is a green moron when it comes to leading men, I have a hard time believing Tywin would think that if less than half of Robb's men (we don't have a number, but Robb took the greater part of his army with him) could have beaten him.Tywin VS Bolton, a decent amount I think since Tyrion actually participated in the battle as opposed to being knocked out.Robb VS Jaime, zero, it was more or less how it happened there. We're told more but it's all from Cat's PoV, so we don't see any of the battle.I was talking about the perspective of the northerners (not Tywin); I believe they were under the impression that it was feasible to defeat Tywin's army, but they clearly would not have thought that if they had only 2,000 men. Also, I just remembered the specifics and Robb took all his cavalry across the Twins to the Whispering Wood and gave Roose Bolton his infantry for the Battle of the Green Fork. This means that Roose Bolton actually would have had more soldiers total (but no cavalry) for the Battle of the Green Fork, meaning he did have a shot at defeating the Lannister army. So yeah, I'm really questioning the decision for them to give the Green Fork army only 2,000 men. I think this is a severe inconsistency with Robb's character (both in the show and in the book).
					
					
							Edited by All-for-Joffrey, 12 June 2011 - 09:56 PM.
1044	kairparavel	2011-06-12	From TWOPWow.  Having never read the book, I had no idea that was happening.  I  figured Sean Bean was the safest one of the cast.  Poor Ned... Yeah. <sigh>
1045	Nihilist	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO.I'm sorry I thought this was an epic fantasy series. I thought we might actually see part of a battle that helps decide many of the events to come. But I guess battles don't matter in dramas. I mean it is not like battles actually decide anything in this series.../MASSIVE amounts of sarcasm
					
					
							Edited by Nihilist, 12 June 2011 - 09:59 PM.
1046	Mr Bean	2011-06-12	If you watch his live watching tv blog, as the credits roll he gets up and walks off camera and you can hear him banging stuff in the background.I heard he was doing that but never saw a link so no chance to see that.
1047	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO./cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I love you, LoB.
1048	banditry	2011-06-12	I was talking about the perspective of the northerners (not Tywin); I believe they were under the impression that it was feasible to defeat Tywin's army, but they clearly would not have thought that if they had only 2,000 men. Also, I just remembered the specifics and Robb took all his cavalry across the Twins to the Whispering Wood and gave Roose Bolton his infantry for the Battle of the Green Fork. This means that Roose Bolton actually would have had more soldiers total (but no cavalry) for the Battle of the Green Fork, meaning he did have a shot at defeating the Lannister army. So yeah, I'm really questioning the decision for them to give the Green Fork army only 2,000 men. I think this is a severe inconsistency with Robb's character (both in the show and in the book).I believe you are correct, and it also has ramifications for later in the series, if the show goes that far.  How many men were left if 2000 men, essentially the entire host on that side of the river, are killed?  How will later events be able to play out, w/ Roose Bolton at Harrenhal and the setup at Duskendale, etc.
1049	banditry	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO.As others have stated, Whispering Wood could have been done very simply and cheaply, with some isolated battle shots in the woods, w/ some shots of Grey Wind at Robb's side.  Could have been very small scale and still effective. I'm not complaining overall, i think they are doing a tremendous job.  But certain aspects involving the scale, and the lack of wolves, is the biggest disappointment for me. The performances are so unbelievably good, though.  Everybody is terrific.
1050	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	At least Joffrey does get a horrible death, and right at the moment of his triumph.Yes.  Bring it ON!  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> I have to say, its a...weird thing to me that again and again after these episodes, the 'where's the battles' people chime in, all disappointed and upset that we didn't see x-guy whacking y-guy who ultimately falls to z-guy.  Maybe its a boy/girl thing?  Just weird to me, shrug...
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 12 June 2011 - 10:07 PM.
1051	ragin_rebel	2011-06-12	ok ive read enough now.  there is no excuse what so ever to completely leave out the battles.  the series is not souly based on polotics war is a huge factor as well.  the drinking game was a waste of time that could have been spent on other things.  shae threatens to kill tyrion, stupid.  they had her acting like some kind of super bad ass and it was stupid.  tyrion getting knocked out and missing the battle was stupid.  i understand the differences between books and movies especially in the case of books such as these that are saturated with material, but hbo has added shit that could have been left out to keep things that really matter and everyone on this forum knows that.  all in all i will buy the dvds when released because all in all the show is pretty goood but the potential hasnt been reached.
1052	Eve	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO.I would much rather the money be spent elsewhere in the production than on a complicated battle scene that people would just bitch about not being realistic enough for them.
1053	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-12	I'm sorry I thought this was an epic fantasy series. I thought we might actually see part of a battle that helps decide many of the events to come. But I guess battles don't matter in dramas. I mean it is not like battles actually decide anything in this series.../MASSIVE amounts of sarcasmThank you for apologizing. Even if it is a television drama and not an epic fantasy series first and foremost, the sentiment is appreciated. And more importantly thank you for ending your MASSIVE onslaught of sarcasm. I was worried that I may have to go on thoroughly enjoying an awesome series instead of whining about how disappointed I was with trivialities.
1054	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-12	I'm sorry I thought this was an epic fantasy series. I thought we might actually see part of a battle that helps decide many of the events to come. But I guess battles don't matter in dramas. I mean it is not like battles actually decide anything in this series.../MASSIVE amounts of sarcasm/and utterly misplaced.  No way to do big battle scenes in this format unless they blow a few episodes' worth of extra budget on one scene.  I imagine they'll do a good job of it on the Blackwater.  Think back to BSG and how much they blew on the escape from New Caprica.  There was hardly any effects for 3 or 4 episodes after that and it made the show suffer for it.
1055	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	So anyway, my thoughts on the episode:
1. Disappointed they left out both the battles, although I understand why. Not only for monetary purposes, but also for time purposes (no reason to spend that much money if you're going to show the battle for a minute or two...I very much expect the Battle of Kings Landing to actually be shown, for example, since it's a much longer and more important battle. Heck, we don't even "see" the Battle at Riverrun in the books.
2. Shae didn't quite work for me here. A little too cold and distant I guess. Didn't really fit with Shae from the books for me, but I'm perfectly willing to wait and see where they go from there with the character. 
3. Liked the scene at the Twins. Walder was great.
4. Wish they would have at least mentioned the name of Roose Bolton. They didn't have to show him if they haven't even cast him yet (not sure if they did or not) but he becomes such an important part of the books, it would have been nice for Robb or Tywin to mention offhand that Bolton was leading the group that went against Tywin, just so next season when he shows up again (assuming he does...he'd have to by the third season), people can say "Oh yeah, he was leading that other group!".
5. That last scene was really, really well done. I'm totally fine with the change of Ned noticing Arya...while I don't think it would have worked in the book, it absolutely worked tremendously in the show. It made the whole scene more heartfelt, explained why Yoren went to Arya (necessary to stop her from charging up to try to stop it), and made sure that TV viewers weren't left like book readers were, with a knife flying at Arya and then no more Arya chapters. Even knowing it was coming it was tough to watch, but still really well done. I have to watch it again tomorrow too, I have a non reader friend who watches the show with me on Mondays. Looking forward to THAT reaction.
1056	Jay Clark	2011-06-12	I haven't read the books and all I can say is my chest hurts.  I feel gutted.  I kept hoping Ned would recant and renounce Joffrey but to see him beheaded?!  Omg....  I turned to my wife and said they just killed the star of the show!  It's awesome and unbelievable at the same time.  I am glad I didn't know what was coming.  I literally can't breathe.  Just astounding.."
1057	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO.I agree with most of what you say particularly the battles that never existed in the book POVs.  But tonight I felt the scenes collectively made the show feel small.  Not enough extras or space filled or something.  And Tyrion knocked out to avoid a battle scene was a stretch.  Will he also pass out during the Battle of Blackwater next year?  And if they cant do a decent job with direwolves, I have concerns how the hell they will deal with dragons razing cities.  Loving that we can debate at all!
1058	Spanky	2011-06-12	Subject:  Shae.  =D
I love her.
I love the change.
The change is good.
Shae in the show is better than Shae in the books.
Shae in the books was a common whore.  There was no reason for Tyrion to be more impressed by her than anyone else.  She was hot, super nice, and fucked him bunches.  Just like every other whore in Westeros.  But, for some reason, Tyrion took a liking to her, and fell in love with her to the point of craziness.
Shae in the show is something different.  She's foreign, yes, but she's also a challenge.  She doesn't just smile and call Tyrion her giant of Lannister or whatever.  She doesn't seem as mindless to me.  She engages him, intellectually.  To me, it seems much more realistic for a woman like this to impress a poon-hound like Tyrion.  She's different and interesting and yes, she has small boobies, but I'll forgive her for that.
I liked that drinking game scene.  :3
It made me happy.  And it wasn't in the books.  :3
Take that, purists.  =D
1059	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	I was talking about the perspective of the northerners (not Tywin); I believe they were under the impression that it was feasible to defeat Tywin's army, but they clearly would not have thought that if they had only 2,000 men. Also, I just remembered the specifics and Robb took all his cavalry across the Twins to the Whispering Wood and gave Roose Bolton his infantry for the Battle of the Green Fork. This means that Roose Bolton actually would have had more soldiers total (but no cavalry) for the Battle of the Green Fork, meaning he did have a shot at defeating the Lannister army. So yeah, I'm really questioning the decision for them to give the Green Fork army only 2,000 men. I think this is a severe inconsistency with Robb's character (both in the show and in the book).You may be correct, but I'm remembering it differently...I swear I remember it being said Robb took the greater part of his men to Riverrun. I'll look it up when I get a second though.
1060	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-12	These early battles build the momentum for Robb's campaign and help get the War of the 5 Kings going, but the take-home message from them is Starks 2, Lannisters 0, with Jaime as a captive - mission accomplished.
However, I will be extremely disappointed if we don't get a LOT of detail in the Battle of the Blackwater, with POVs on the ships and in the burning harbour, and the sky aflame outside the Red Keep: Sandor's desertion and Tyrion's sortie, Davos and the boom chain and Podrick's moment of glory. The whole nine yards. It's arguably the centrepiece of ACoK, the way Ned's execution is in AGoT. If the budget expands significantly next season, I hope the excess will be spent there.
I felt a bit cheated skipping out on the battle scenes tonight but it's entirely forgivable and justifiable.
1061	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	Subject:  Shae.  =DI love her.I love the change.The change is good.Shae in the show is better than Shae in the books.Shae in the books was a common whore.  There was no reason for Tyrion to be more impressed by her than anyone else.  She was hot, super nice, and fucked him bunches.  Just like every other whore in Westeros.  But, for some reason, Tyrion took a liking to her, and fell in love with her to the point of craziness.Shae in the show is something different.  She's foreign, yes, but she's also a challenge.  She doesn't just smile and call Tyrion her giant of Lannister or whatever.  She doesn't seem as mindless to me.  She engages him, intellectually.  To me, it seems much more realistic for a woman like this to impress a poon-hound like Tyrion.  She's different and interesting and yes, she has small boobies, but I'll forgive her for that.I liked that drinking game scene.  :3It made me happy.  And it wasn't in the books.  :3Take that, purists.  =DI agree.  Shae in the show was an improvement over a character in the books that I already loved.  So that's saying a lot.
1062	Lannes	2011-06-12	Having so much fun watching newbies blow up Twitter and the different sites after this episode. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1063	Trebla	2011-06-12	I was more bothered by Robb taking most of the men to the Whispering Wind than not seeing any battles at all. In the book, Tywin took the bait because his scouts and outriders saw a large host which had all the foot and some horse. 
My guess is that they wanted to combine  the Whispering Wood and Riverrun into one battle and this way it's Robb's 18k surprising Jaime's 30k. They don't have to explain the logistics of besieging Riverrun and how that played into Robb's crushing Jaime's split forces. 
But does that make Tywin's forces look incompetent that they were fooled into thinking they were battling a host of 20k that was really only 2k?
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 12 June 2011 - 10:13 PM.
1064	Kaitscralt	2011-06-12	GRRM is writing the Battle of the Blackwater, so I am sure he will do it as best as he can...
1065	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-12	As others have stated, Whispering Wood could have been done very simply and cheaply, with some isolated battle shots in the woods, w/ some shots of Grey Wind at Robb's side.  Could have been very small scale and still effective. I'm not complaining overall, i think they are doing a tremendous job.  But certain aspects involving the scale, and the lack of wolves, is the biggest disappointment for me. The performances are so unbelievably good, though.  Everybody is terrific.Go back and see all the complaints about the Hunt.  Doing it cheaply will look... cheap.  Concentrate on characters, and today's episode was all about Ned, not Robb.  And to another poster, I'm not sure how sending the 2K as a feint is dishonorable.  War involves feints and sacrifices.  I could see if you made an argument that a young commander who's first war act is to send men to die not being able to do so.  But not because it's "dishonorable".  My only complaint really is Mizzi Whatever.  Horrible acting, terrible delivery, exceptionally unsubtle attempts at subtlety.  Didn't like her last week and I'll bet she'll be the weakest part of the dragon birth next week.  Hope she doesn't ruin it too much.Great freaking epsiode.  Was sooo happy not to see Van Patten as the director and I hope not to see it next!
1066	Rangers30	2011-06-12	I agree.  Shae in the show was an improvement over a character in the books that I already loved.  So that's saying a lot.I agree also. I always had a hard time figuring out why Tyrion would be so hung up on such a vapid ho.
1067	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-12	ok ive read enough now.  there is no excuse what so ever to completely leave out the battles.  the series is not souly based on polotics war is a huge factor as well.  the drinking game was a waste of time that could have been spent on other things.  shae threatens to kill tyrion, stupid.  they had her acting like some kind of super bad ass and it was stupid.  tyrion getting knocked out and missing the battle was stupid.  i understand the differences between books and movies especially in the case of books such as these that are saturated with material, but hbo has added shit that could have been left out to keep things that really matter and everyone on this forum knows that.  all in all i will buy the dvds when released because all in all the show is pretty goood but the potential hasnt been reached.Rampant misspellings, stupid.
1068	smegma	2011-06-12	I agree with most of what you say particularly the battles that never existed in the book POVs.  But tonight I felt the scenes collectively made the show feel small.  Not enough extras or space filled or something.  And Tyrion knocked out to avoid a battle scene was a stretch.  Will he also pass out during the Battle of Blackwater next year?  And if they cant do a decent job with direwolves, I have concerns how the hell they will deal with dragons razing cities.  Loving that we can debate at all!I think the key here is the word "small" - but I think that's on purpose. Hearing the producers and set designers talk, they really wanted to focus on the intimate moments of the story, not the grandiose or epic ones. So we don't see a battle, but we see men in tents before it. We don't see men getting chopped down, but we see what sacrifices and deals have to be made in back rooms in order for them to get permission to cross. It's all about the machinations behind the world, not the vast scope of it. So I expect the direction they've taken will continue to be like this.
1069	Trebla	2011-06-12	<mod> Let's keep it civil. We can discuss without insults </mod>
1070	Grack21	2011-06-12	Having so much fun watching newbies blow up Twitter and the different sites after this episode. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> Haha yeah. My non reader friends are flipping their shit. As for the changes some I like, some I don't, like any adaptation of anything. Doesn't GRRM have creative control over the thing? I thought I read that why he went with HBO instead of someone with a bigger budget.
1071	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-12	/cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I love you, LoB. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />  /grouphug.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':grouphug:' /> I haven't read the books and all I can say is my chest hurts.  I feel gutted.  I kept hoping Ned would recant and renounce Joffrey but to see him beheaded?!  Omg....  I turned to my wife and said they just killed the star of the show!  It's awesome and unbelievable at the same time.  I am glad I didn't know what was coming.  I literally can't breathe.  Just astounding.."Which. Is. The. Point. Of the TV adaptation and in particular this scene. I'm glad it worked for you!And now I will bow out of this thread before I end up with conniptions dealing with the damned fl00b.
					
					
							Edited by Lord O' Bones, 12 June 2011 - 10:15 PM.
1072	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	I was more bothered by Robb taking most of the men to the Whispering Wind than not seeing any battles at all. In the book, Tywin took the bait because his scouts and outriders saw a large host which had all the foot and some horse. My guess is that they combine wanted to combine the Whispering Wood and Riverrun into one battle and this way it's Robb's 18k surprising Jaime's 30k. They don't have to explain the logistics of besieging Riverrun and how that played into Robb's crushing Jaime's split forces. But does that make Tywin's forces look incompetent that they were fooled into thinking they were battling a host of 20k that was really only 2k?Robb's forces were larger than 18k since he was reinforced with at least 4000 from the Twins since Theon said that their host was 5 times larger than the Frey's and according to Cately, the Freys were going with them save 500 men left to defend the Twins.So it was 22,000 at the Whispering Wood and 2,000 at the Green Fork.Tywin's forces were incompetent in the books though so that's not chaging much.  Tywin thought Robb was on his side of the Trident and that would have cost him his entire strategic goals if it wasn't for plot armor (ie: Melisandre/Stannis killing Renly).
1073	Aegnor	2011-06-12	And I kinda hate Shae.  Is she supposed to be foreign?  I never got that impression...I read some article about that.  They really liked the actress, but she has a German accent, so they made her "foreign" in order to explain why she wasn't speaking with an English accent.
1074	Rockroi	2011-06-12	My thoughts on what was very good:1.	The Most Notorious Scene in the Book (so far): I will just start by saying that if GoT was going to be a successful show, they had to nail certain things.  Some things were the characters (Ned, Cersei, Dany); others was the writing (esp TyrionÂ<U+0092>s scenes).  But there was one scene they HAD to nail or the series would not work.  That scene was NedÂ<U+0092>s death. It had to work on every level nothing could be left out and you needed the entire action and all the emotional turmoil.  In other words, when Ned died, the SHOW had to make you feel like the BOOK did.Here is what I have to say on it: It was as good as everything in the book.  I donÂ<U+0092>t know what other complement I could pay to the show.  From Arya to Ned to Yoren to Cersei to Payne (black hood = nice touch) to Joff to Varys to LittlefingerÂ<U+0092>s little smileÂ<U+0085> ... to Sansa who was as good as she needed to be and then some.  This show got made from this scene.  2.	AemonÂ<U+0085> Targaryen:  There are certain scenes in the book that I always enjoy on re-read and some of my favorites are the ones that are dialog only.  One of those was discovering who Maester Aemon was.  And what its like to sit away from it all when there is nothing but pain and destruction for those you love.  A very strong scene.  I thought that the acting from Aemon was very good (this was a first) and I even thought JonÂ<U+0092>s Â<U+0093>WTFÂ<U+0094> reaction was very strong.  In the end, I felt that they tied the history of this story directly to a main character.  And it worked.  I also liked that they shortened the time-line of the Targaryens; it was more meaningful with Aerys being EggÂ<U+0092>s grandson. 3.	"I was never nothing": Dany just rocks.  She is a fantastic character that is very well acted.  She has also grown the most as the show has gone on.  Great scene with amazing emotion and culminating in Jorah becoming the bad ass we know he is. 4.	Tyrion Lannister Drinking Games:  I really enjoyed this scene because it was a little bit of good acting and some fun.  Always needed.  I also liked how we got the Tysha explanation.    Would have been nice had they done the same thing for the ToJ. 5.	Robb Stark: I liked the way Robb operated the whole season, and he just keeps getting better and better.  This week, he really FELT like an inspiring leader.  I really enjoyed watching him ride to Cat.  That all worked.  I also liked how he treated Jaime.  And I like how Jaime responded.  Just another day at the office.  Robb is now acting like a Lord of Winetrfell and the King in the North.  He is working really well.  6.	The Lord of the Crossing: Nailed it. What I was iffy on:1.	Men call me Shea and Not very often: Look, this is a COMPLETELY different character than the book and it will take a LOT of getting used to.  She does not say the same things book Shae says; she does not act nor even SOUND like her.  She is the most different of all the characters from the book.  And I am not sure she works.  A little too much mouth and sass for my taste; youÂ<U+0092>re a millionaire whore at this point, not an Eastern philosopher.  Maybe she will grow on me, not certain. What I disliked:1.	A Game of Rome: Maybe the greatest criticism of the HBO series Â<U+0093>RomeÂ<U+0094> was the culmination of the Caesar v. Pompeii story-line was NOT a great battle- which was historically accurate.  It was not the clash of arms with the ultimate political disagreement reaching its zenith: with men in pitched battle.  Instead, you had a very strange Â<U+0093>montageÂ<U+0094> of various soldiers and banners falling, swords being drawn, etc.  And then, Caesar says, Â<U+0093>Notify Rome; tell them Caesar has won.Â<U+0094>  Which is kinda cool but not what we signed up for.  Where was the ACTUAL battle?  Where was the ACTUAL climax?  GoT commits the same sin: I donÂ<U+0092>t even get a shitty montage.  I get PATHETIC comic relief of Tyrion getting KOÂ<U+0092>d by an errant warhammer and then post-battle foolishness.   Hey look, these two people are beating a third man with clubs!  Let's make a shitty joke!  It was equal parts disappointing and silly.  Yes, I get it, production costs blah, blah, blah.  Seriously, than cut something else.  Battle is a HUGE part of this series: that men die and die without dignity or company.  That this world is horrible and unfair and dangerous.  Instead?  We get a lame joke and a post look at a battle that looks surprisingly empty.  In other words: Fail.  Overall a great episode, maybe one of the best so far.  But we all know it could have been and should have been better.  One last thing: Mt brother is about to come up and watch the episode (on my DVR).  He has NOT read the books.  WhatÂ<U+0092>s the over-under on the number of times he says Â<U+0093>WTF?Â<U+0094>
1075	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	Anyone else feel the Tyrion getting knocked out before the battle was an homage to Bilbo at the Battle of Five Armies lol.
1076	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-12	I agree with most of what you say particularly the battles that never existed in the book POVs.  But tonight I felt the scenes collectively made the show feel small.  Not enough extras or space filled or something.  And Tyrion knocked out to avoid a battle scene was a stretch.  Will he also pass out during the Battle of Blackwater next year?  And if they cant do a decent job with direwolves, I have concerns how the hell they will deal with dragons razing cities.  Loving that we can debate at all!I complained a lot about the number of extras in earlier episodes and thought tonight there was a good amount of people involved, especially wide shots of the Dothraki camp on the plateau.  I would put money on Tyrion going berserker at Blackwater.Dragons razing cities is 2 years away.  I understand why they've de-emphasized the wolves because they essentially had to on account of the dogs not being trained well enough or whatever.  I don't like it, but what else could they do at that point.  For the future they can budget more appropriately for CGI critters, and quite frankly for the dragons they obviously have to do so to begin with.  They rolled the dice on the wolves and lost.  However, much like the battles, I'd rather work around them than have them look lame.
1077	melicorn	2011-06-12	About Tyrion's cuts: I'm not really bothered that they cut his battle scene, although I would have liked something. In the books I kind of got the impression that Tyrion had earned a little bit of respect from Tywin by taking down a man and doing some damage, but I could believe that Tyrion getting knocked around in battle a bit while forces he had brought in did all the heavy lifting would be enough effort. However I am very disappointed that they cut that last detail from the Tysha story. I think Tyrion paying a gold to go last is really the most important element of his story. Maybe not for Tyrion's character, but it said volumes about Tywin's. I also think it is a necessary fact to really understand why Tywin gets an arrow in the gut. But perhaps it is just a detail they are holding out for revelation later, although I'm not sure where else it would show up.I don't really get what is going on with Shae; she's not the character I imagined either and she was one of the ones I liked quite a bit in the books. Although I started out pretty unsure on Bronn as well and he completely won me over this episode.Speaking of characters winning me over, Theon is being too well-acted! How I am supposed to keep despising him when he is so enjoyable to watch?I can hardly call the 'King in the North' chant a spoiler. I'm sure most non-readers would probably figure it out as a logical progression of events from this episode (actually, most non-readers were probably in too much shock to really notice everything in the teaser anyway). Besides, on the scale of things, that is going to be the least shocking thing that happens in the next episode.I loved loved loved the last looks between Ned and Arya and the message to Yoren. Not only did it really add to the emotional impact of the scene and give at least a little closure to one Stark on Arya's whereabouts, but it solved that pesky little plot hole from the book about what a huge coincidence it was that Yoren just happened to be passing by the statue Arya was on.Also, I loved the Freys' little caps.
1078	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-12	Christ people. This is not a blockbuster movie. This is not a History Channel recreation of historic battles.This is first and foremost a television drama. As long as it's kicking ass as far as that goes, it's doing it's job. And it is. Fantastically.Anyone "missing" the battles go check the source material. Then, if that doesn't work, donate millions of dollars to HBO.Three words: Deep Space Nine.Television show, yet it managed massive CGI battles in the 90's of all times. Granted space combat is different, but money is no excuse when you have talented people working for you. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=MCm70favfYI
1079	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	All for Joffrey: You're right, I was remembering the line incorrectly where it's said that Robb took the greater part of his horse, I was thinking greater part of his men. Robb has 5000-6000 men at Riverrun, which includes Jason Mallister, who showed up after the Twins and joined with Robb. The exact number isn't certain, they say Jaime has 14,000-15,000 men and outnumbers them 3-1, but Cat wonders if 6000 men will be enough to protect Robb, so we can probably assume that's the number.
Although he only left Winterfell with 12,000 men. He joined up with Manderly and Flint later on, but he probably didn't have 20,000 men in the books. Still, it does seem like Bolton got the majority of his men after all. That does make me wonder though...4000-5000 men (throwing out that number pre Mallister) is not an insignificant number. I know Tywin's cocky, but if the northmen thought they had a reasonable chance to win the battle without most of their horse, what made Tywin so sure he would win? He's good and Robb is green, but making a huge assumption like that seems out of character for Tywin to me. He's cocky but he's not stupid. Still, Robb does seem to get the best of him in the field at other points. Tywin's reputation might be greatly exaggerated...are we actually aware of any time where he led men into battle? He didn't participate in Roberts Rebellion til it was essentially over, I don't believe we ever heard about him involving himself in Balon's rebellion, and that's really the only fighting we know of in those years. Maybe pre Roberts Rebellion, I know about Castamere and all that, but we don't know if that was even a battle.
1080	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-12	Three words: Deep Space Nine.Television show, yet it managed massive CGI battles in the 90's of all times. Granted space combat is different, but money is no excuse when you have talented people working for you. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=MCm70favfYIOh good god.
1081	NW Deserter	2011-06-12	I think the key here is the word "small" - but I think that's on purpose. Hearing the producers and set designers talk, they really wanted to focus on the intimate moments of the story, not the grandiose or epic ones. So we don't see a battle, but we see men in tents before it. We don't see men getting chopped down, but we see what sacrifices and deals have to be made in back rooms in order for them to get permission to cross. It's all about the machinations behind the world, not the vast scope of it. So I expect the direction they've taken will continue to be like this.Hm, this is a fair point. It might just be something I'll get used to.I stand by my Shae complaints, though.  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1082	Rangers30	2011-06-12	I loved loved loved the last looks between Ned and Arya and the message to Yoren. Not only did it really add to the emotional impact of the scene and give at least a little closure to one Stark on Arya's whereabouts, but it solved that pesky little plot hole from the book about what a huge coincidence it was that Yoren just happened to be passing by the statue Arya was on.And also the look of relief and peace and resignation when he saw that Arya was not there looking on anymore.
1083	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	Three words: Deep Space Nine.Television show, yet it managed massive CGI battles in the 90's of all times. Granted space combat is different, but money is no excuse when you have talented people working for you. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=MCm70favfYIWhile that's true and even shows like Legend of the seeker had larger skirmishes than Got had, I almost always get annoyed by huge cgi battles because they are almost always done poorly.  Even the LOTR battles are overrated and unrealistic.  No battles happen like that.  The best large scale battles in movies were done a long time ago with movies such as Alexander Nevsky and Spartacus. It's too expensive nowadays.  The battles in the modern era kind of suck.  Excalibur in the 80s had better battles than anything in LOTR because CGI ruins battles.   You could give HBO 100 million dollars for the Battle of the Blackwater and it won't look half as good as the sea battle in Ben Hur.It's probably better not to show them than to half ass them.Alexander Nevsky Battle on the IceThis is how you portray a battle and this easily puts Lotr battles to shame.  Too bad it was made like 70 years ago.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 12 June 2011 - 10:30 PM.
1084	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	I agree also. I always had a hard time figuring out why Tyrion would be so hung up on such a vapid ho.I dunno, it made perfect sense to me. It's well established Tyrion enjoys whores. Shae works for him because she's so good at pretending that she really does love him that he's able to convince himself that it's true. I think Tyrion pretty well convinced himself no woman would ever really go for him, which is why he looks to whores so much. Shae's really good at being what he needs her to be, and he eventually comes to believe the lie.
1085	Mack Kilimaro	2011-06-12	Can't a person be bummed that the battles weren't shown while acknowledging the reality of the budget for the first season of a small-screen show where its reception was unknown?
I hope that the show's success will allow for more actual fighting to be shown in the Battle of the Blackwater. That would be an extremely disappointing treatment for the most significant on-page battle in the series to date.
Lots to digest here. Loved the entire final scene with Ned. Wasn't any easier to take even knowing exactly what was about to happen.
1086	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-12	Not sure about the changes to Shae's character, though I am a massive fan of the actress now.  Unreal how fantastic she looks onscreen.  One thing that I can think of is perhaps b not having her as blatantly whore-like and sucking up to him immediately (up, I said, up!) and becomes infatuated with Tyrion as they go along instead of right away for the money will make the betrayal harder to see coming and much more painful.  Plus as others said, she's a challenge for Tyrion even though he's paying her, which is a good reason to have him fall so hard for her.
1087	KyleLitke	2011-06-12	I was more bothered by Robb taking most of the men to the Whispering Wind than not seeing any battles at all. In the book, Tywin took the bait because his scouts and outriders saw a large host which had all the foot and some horse. My guess is that they wanted to combine  the Whispering Wood and Riverrun into one battle and this way it's Robb's 18k surprising Jaime's 30k. They don't have to explain the logistics of besieging Riverrun and how that played into Robb's crushing Jaime's split forces. But does that make Tywin's forces look incompetent that they were fooled into thinking they were battling a host of 20k that was really only 2k?Well, it was done differently in the show, though. In the books Robb comes up on him and he's tricked by what seems to be a larger force. In the show, Robb releases a scout who saw the 20,000 and presumably that scout tells Tywin. I assume the scout did not say he was captured and released (he'd come off as a shitty scout if he did...and had he actually told Tywin that, Tywin's not stupid enough to think Robb would do that for no reason, I wouldn't think). So Tywin committed to battle before finding out the size of the army facing them.
1088	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-12	Unbelivably perfect.
Now I will eat a bag of chocolate and have a good cry. (and watch it a second time)
1089	Eddard house stark	2011-06-12	the red wedding scene and what they do to robb and grey wind is far worse than neds fate. i will not watch that scene
1090	Trebla	2011-06-12	Robb's forces were larger than 18k since he was reinforced with at least 4000 from the Twins since Theon said that their host was 5 times larger than the Frey's and according to Cately, the Freys were going with them save 500 men left to defend the Twins.So it was 22,000 at the Whispering Wood and 2,000 at the Green Fork.Tywin's forces were incompetent in the books though so that's not chaging much.  Tywin thought Robb was on his side of the Trident and that would have cost him his entire strategic goals if it wasn't for plot armor (ie: Melisandre/Stannis killing Renly).Good point on the Freys. Forgot about their addition.But as I said, they completely flipped the forces. In the book, Robb and the Blackfish were brilliant in catching Jaime and then the 3-sided besiegers unaware. They did so with a much smaller force. Tywin is only fooled because Roose Bolton had a large host. Actually, people complaining that they didn't show the battle of the Green Fork shouldn't be too upset. It wasn't a battle, it was a friggin' slaughter. If Tyrion hadn't gotten knocked out, he could have easily led the van.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1091	ViennaGirl	2011-06-12	I'm a Danerys hater when the books are concerned, but I'm sort of loving HBO Danerys - I hope this changes my mind as I reread and reread the books.  I love her with Drogo, and how desperate and brave she is - I was rooting for a rewrite so she could run away to safety with Jorah (well, not really, but you know).  I hope the dragons aren't too weird.
LOVED Jorah in this episode also.  Found myself hoping that he'd get Longclaw back, but that's ridiculous.
Always love Kit/Jon.  The scene with Aemon was fab.
Did not love Shae for same reasons as everyone else - "foreign?"  Cher?  Ick.  Bronn is pretty hilarious.  But when did he go north of the wall?
Did not love Tyrion missing the battle.  I thought it was important for him to have fought.
Can't talk about Ned, couldn't watch.
1092	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-12	While that's true and even shows like Legend of the seeker had larger skirmishes than Got had, I almost always get annoyed by huge cgi battles because they are almost always done poorly.  Even the LOTR battles are overrated and unrealistic.  No battles happen like that.  The best large scale battles in movies were done a long time ago with movies such as Alexander Nevsky and Spartacus. It's too expensive nowadays.  The battles in the modern era kind of suck.  Excalibur in the 80s had better battles than anything in LOTR because CGI ruins battles.   You could give HBO 100 million dollars for the Battle of the Blackwater and it won't look half as good as the sea battle in Ben Hur.It's probably better not to show them than to half ass them.Alexander Nevsky Battle on the IceThis is how you portray a battle and this easily puts Lotr battles to shame.  Too bad it was made like 90 years ago.I disagree, Troy had great battle scenes and used a bit of CGI, same with Gladiator, but yeah those are blockbusters and a step above Game of Thrones.
1093	Steel_Wind	2011-06-12	heroic.Are they completely eliminating the character of Podrick Payne, or will they add him later? I suppose he is a rather unnecessary but he's so entertaining!Pod is one of the ONLY characters GRRM has written in the entire series who is a true knight. You leave Pod alone!
1094	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-12	I complained a lot about the number of extras in earlier episodes and thought tonight there was a good amount of people involved, especially wide shots of the Dothraki camp on the plateau.  That is interesting because is where I thought the Khalasar looked small with a few riders in the background then pan to closeup of riders in the foreground to make up for the missed space.I agree with those giving praise to Emilia Clarke (sp?) she nailed it tonight.Let the discussions continue about Bronn's origins and venture beyond The Wall.
1095	damian	2011-06-12	the last scene was powerful and well done.  really think it was an improvement on the book scene.  it gave ned a true sending off.
1096	damian	2011-06-12	had my daughter and my wife on either side of me crying /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1097	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	I disagree, Troy had great battle scenes and used a bit of CGI, same with Gladiator, but yeah those are blockbusters and a step above Game of Thrones.I completely disagree.  Troy's battles were terrible.  They took a bunch of CGI's characters, lined them all up in one line and made them charge each other with 100s dying every second.  War in the ancient world did not happen like that at all.  Flanking?  What's that?  Let's just have one big army charge another big army head on and have them slaughter each other by the 1000. It was as if every arrow killed someone.  If the real battle for Troy occured like that, it would have been over in 1 day not 10 years.  Again, watch that youtube clip of the Battle on the Ice from Alexander Nevsky.  That's how you properly portray a battle.  But the capability to make a movie like that no longer exists so it might be better not to even waste money trying on a tv show.  Even if HBO gave GoT 100 million dollars for the Battle of Blackwater, it would look like crap compared to the naval engagement in Ben Hur.Gladiator had decent battles compared to Troy but even then they were garbage compared to Spartacus.
					
					
							Edited by Greatness, 12 June 2011 - 10:41 PM.
1098	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-12	1.	A Game of Rome: Maybe the greatest criticism of the HBO series Â<U+0093>RomeÂ<U+0094> was the culmination of the Caesar v. Pompeii story-line was NOT a great battle- which was historically accurate.  It was not the clash of arms with the ultimate political disagreement reaching its zenith: with men in pitched battle.  Instead, you had a very strange Â<U+0093>montageÂ<U+0094> of various soldiers and banners falling, swords being drawn, etc.  And then, Caesar says, Â<U+0093>Notify Rome; tell them Caesar has won.Â<U+0094>  Which is kinda cool but not what we signed up for.  Where was the ACTUAL battle?  Where was the ACTUAL climax?  GoT commits the same sin: I donÂ<U+0092>t even get a shitty montage.  I get PATHETIC comic relief of Tyrion getting KOÂ<U+0092>d by an errant warhammer and then post-battle foolishness.   Hey look, these two people are beating a third man with clubs!  Let's make a shitty joke!  It was equal parts disappointing and silly.  Yes, I get it, production costs blah, blah, blah.  Seriously, than cut something else.  Battle is a HUGE part of this series: that men die and die without dignity or company.  That this world is horrible and unfair and dangerous.  Instead?  We get a lame joke and a post look at a battle that looks surprisingly empty.  I agree that battle is a huge part of this series.  But the two particular battles from this episode were not important enough in the grand scheme of things for me to feel like the series will suffer due to the way they were handled.  I was sort of hoping that we'd see a bit of Jaime being a badass before his capture, but I think the scene did what it needed to.  (Plus, it would be hard for me to complain too hard about them leaving out a battle that we didn't see in the book, either.)  And Tyrion's battle is even less important to the story, so I'm not upset about not seeing it either.If they similarly gloss over the Battle of the Blackwater, I'll be right here complaining with the rest.  But right now, I'm good.
1099	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-12	That is interesting because is where I thought the Khalasar looked small with a few riders in the background then pan to closeup of riders in the foreground to make up for the missed space.I agree with those giving praise to Emilia Clarke (sp?) she nailed it tonight.Let the discussions continue about Bronn's origins and venture beyond The Wall.Hopefully discussions are all there are.  I think GRRM mopped up Bronn very well in the books, showed his true character and left enough of a mystery to him that it didn't feel like exposition was given just to round out a fan favorite who apparently has run his course in the story.  What he did beyond the wall... who cares.  Some things are better left mysteries (until he licenses out his world and a million prequels come out like Dragonlance).  As for the camp, I was more specifically thinking of wide establishing shots of the entire camp, not when they went into the action therein.  However, I didn't really notice, or have gotten used to, a lack of people in the Dothraki hordes.  I do see the point of a fairly unlittered battlefield, and I didn't like the whacking of fallen soldiers*, but with the re-write, this battle becomes more of a skirmish.  I'm willing to let that pass.* not because of the jokes or anything other than it was pretty bad extra work trying to look like they were hitting him hard while not actually hitting him hard.
1100	Asarlai	2011-06-12	I agree that battle is a huge part of this series.  But the two particular battles from this episode were not important enough in the grand scheme of things for me to feel like the series will suffer due to the way they were handled.  I was sort of hoping that we'd see a bit of Jaime being a badass before his capture, but I think the scene did what it needed to.  (Plus, it would be hard for me to complain too hard about them leaving out a battle that we didn't see in the book, either.)  And Tyrion's battle is even less important to the story, so I'm not upset about not seeing it either.If they similarly gloss over the Battle of the Blackwater, I'll be right here complaining with the rest.  But right now, I'm good.Well the reason it was important was the impact of this episode on viewers. Kind of trudging along... then Drogo's dying... then trudging along... then Ned dies! Just makes the show seem undesirable. I know it gets more interesting/enjoyable, but that's because I'm a reader.
1101	melicorn	2011-06-12	Subject:  Shae.  =DI love her.I love the change.The change is good.Shae in the show is better than Shae in the books.Shae in the books was a common whore.  There was no reason for Tyrion to be more impressed by her than anyone else.  She was hot, super nice, and fucked him bunches.  Just like every other whore in Westeros.  But, for some reason, Tyrion took a liking to her, and fell in love with her to the point of craziness.Shae in the show is something different.  She's foreign, yes, but she's also a challenge.  She doesn't just smile and call Tyrion her giant of Lannister or whatever.  She doesn't seem as mindless to me.  She engages him, intellectually.  To me, it seems much more realistic for a woman like this to impress a poon-hound like Tyrion.  She's different and interesting and yes, she has small boobies, but I'll forgive her for that.I liked that drinking game scene.  :3It made me happy.  And it wasn't in the books.  :3Take that, purists.  =DI've thought about it some more, and I think I've realized why I am uncomfortable with a different Shae (and maybe why others are as well):Everything and everyone in Tyrion's life is complicated and full of schemes and requires a lot of planning to deal with. I think he loved Shae because she was simple. I don't think she was dumb or anything, she was just straightforward. I don't think Tyrion loves her because he is impressed by her, I think he loves her because he can relax around her. Now in the show if she is just another mystery for him to unravel it seems like it would be exhausting for him.
1102	Tears of Lys	2011-06-12	Ned's final scene was EXACTLY what I had envisioned when I was reading the book.   The surrounding buildings, the crowd, Arya on the statue  -  Perfection.  Even knowing what was going to happen, you couldn't help but wish "history" would change.  Cutting away to Arya and the birds taking flight was a great call too. 
Shae I can take or leave at this point.  I can only guess that HBO has plans for her maybe absorbing some other character's action which would give reason for her change in personality.    
I REALLY hope they keep Roose Bolton in.  He's probably my favorite creepy character of all time.  /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> 
Yeah, Jorah is rather nice-looking.  I didn't quite picture him that way from the books, but I'm not complaining.  /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />  
As for the battles, they can leave the clashing swords off-screen as long as they spend some bucks on the dragons, IMO.   
Only ONE MORE EPISODE LEFT!    Damn.
1103	Asarlai	2011-06-12	I've thought about it some more, and I think I've realized why I am uncomfortable with a different Shae (and maybe why others are as well):Everything and everyone in Tyrion's life is complicated and full of schemes and requires a lot of planning to deal with. I think he loved Shae because she was simple. I don't think she was dumb or anything, she was just straightforward. I don't think Tyrion loves her because he is impressed by her, I think he loves her because he can relax around her. Now in the show if she is just another mystery for him to unravel it seems like it would be exhausting for him.That sounds right; I also didn't think Shae was cast very well.
1104	Grack21	2011-06-12	I completely disagree.  Troy's battles were terrible.  They took a bunch of CGI's characters, lined them all up in one line and made them charge each other with 100s dying every second.  War in the ancient world did not happen like that at all.  Flanking?  What's that?  Let's just have one big army charge another big army head on and have them slaughter each other by the 1000. It was as if every arrow killed someone.  If the real battle for Troy occured like that, it would have been over in 1 day not 10 years.  Again, watch that youtube clip of the Battle on the Ice from Alexander Nevsky.  That's how you properly portray a battle.  But the capability to make a movie like that no longer exists so it might be better not to even waste money trying on a tv show.  Even if HBO gave GoT 100 million dollars for the Battle of Blackwater, it would look like crap compared to the naval engagement in Ben Hur.Gladiator had decent battles compared to Troy but even then they were garbage compared to Spartacus. Preach it brother. Thinking of Troy makes my physically ill. Based on the Illad my ass.Gladiator's battle were all right, mostly because cgi hasn't taken such a huge effect yet.I'd rather have them not do the battles then end up with some cgi 300 style shit.
1105	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-12	I REALLY hope they keep Roose Bolton in.  He's probably my favorite creepy character of all time.  /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> Don't they pretty much HAVE to keep Roose?  I don't see how they can adapt the 3rd book without him, unless they transfer his actions to someone else.  And I don't see who else could even do it.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Lannister, 12 June 2011 - 10:47 PM.
1106	Bronn Stone	2011-06-12	I can't wait until Shae and Ros act out the battle at the ToJ.  Maybe next season.
1107	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-12	* not because of the jokes or anything other than it was pretty bad extra work trying to look like they were hitting him hard while not actually hitting him hard.Just watched again.  Looks like someone getting hit by a chair in WWE
1108	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-12	I completely disagree.  Troy's battles were terrible.  They took a bunch of CGI's characters, lined them all up in one line and made them charge each other with 100s dying every second.  War in the ancient world did not happen like that at all.  Flanking?  What's that?  Let's just have one big army charge another big army head on and have them slaughter each other by the 1000. It was as if every arrow killed someone.  If the real battle for Troy occured like that, it would have been over in 1 day not 10 years.  Again, watch that youtube clip of the Battle on the Ice from Alexander Nevsky.  That's how you properly portray a battle.  But the capability to make a movie like that no longer exists so it might be better not to even waste money trying on a tv show.  Even if HBO gave GoT 100 million dollars for the Battle of Blackwater, it would look like crap compared to the naval engagement in Ben Hur.Gladiator had decent battles compared to Troy but even then they were garbage compared to Spartacus.Spartacus was decent, and I was judging Troy based on the quality/massiveness of the battle, not it's accuracy to the Illiad. And to be fair where could the Greeks flank? The walls of Troy in the moview were like this /-\ The walls prevented any flanking maneuver. And that Battle on Ice clip, it had maybe 30 riders, and 50 spearmen. Hardly a great portrayal of a 8000 person battle.
1109	Asarlai	2011-06-12	I can't wait until Shae and Ros act out the battle at the ToJ.  Maybe next season.Littlefinger would have to be Lyanna.
1110	laughing tree knight	2011-06-12	were the Frey's who are to be Catlyn's Wards the nasty little shits. were they mentioned as part of the terms? I heard his squire mentioned and arya promised to marry? was that big or little walder?
maybe the character who dies from the second book that will die in the finale is the Stannis's  1st  Maester?
					
					
							Edited by laughing tree knight, 12 June 2011 - 10:56 PM.
1111	Grack21	2011-06-12	I don't think people understand how much a battle with actual people vs a battle with spaceships actually costs. This show doesn't exactly have the biggest budget in the world(although it certainly isn't tiny). Plus having to do a battle for actualy gore ups the budget even more. Sure they could use cgi, but then you get something that looks like a crappy history channel video game.
1112	Bahimiron	2011-06-12	Very proud of everyone. I was expecting explosive sperging over them changing Aemon's relationship to Aerys by shortening the family tree a generation.
1113	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-12	were the Frey's who are to be Catlyn's Wards the nasty little shits. were they mentioned as part of the terms? I heard his squire mentioned and arya promised to marry? was that big or little walder?She didn't mention them, but neither is the one Arya is to marry.  That is a Waldon, and he is squiring to Bolton(?) at Haranhall when he gets the news that he will no longer be marrying a princess.  He's in tears and Arya insults the princess (not knowing it was her).
					
					
							Edited by Lany Cassandra, 12 June 2011 - 10:57 PM.
1114	Blue Steel	2011-06-12	Spartacus was decent, and I was judging Troy based on the quality/massiveness of the battle, not it's accuracy to the Illiad. And to be fair where could the Greeks flank? The walls of Troy in the moview were like this /-\ The walls prevented any flanking maneuver. And that Battle on Ice clip, it had maybe 30 riders, and 50 spearmen. Hardly a great portrayal of a 8000 person battle.Pay closer attention to the editing.  Eisenstein was a genius.
1115	Asarlai	2011-06-12	were the Frey's who are to be Catlyn's Wards the nasty little shits. were they mentioned as part of the terms? I heard his squire mentioned and arya promised to marry? was that big or little walder?Neither. One who was serving as a squire with the Freys of Bolton's force when he took Harenhall. Kind of funny when he encounters Arya and brags that he gets to marry a princess, yells at her, eventually cried that he won't be marrying the princess, and gets in a little scuffle with Arya.
1116	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-12	Rome did manage to include one battle in its 22 episode series. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=0wQ_6cVXTQk
Average, but it was at least tolerable for a fight scene.
1117	Trebla	2011-06-12	Very proud of everyone. I was expecting explosive sperging over them changing Aemon's relationship to Aerys by shortening the family tree a generation.lol...I noted it in my first post but I just found it intersting. It just eliminated Jaehaerys who only ruled a few years anyways. As you said, it shortens the tree and ages Aerys up a bit. Not a big deal.
1118	laughing tree knight	2011-06-12	Neither. One who was serving as a squire with the Freys of Bolton's force when he took Harenhall. Kind of funny when he encounters Arya and brags that he gets to marry a princess, yells at her, eventually cried that he won't be marrying the princess, and gets in a little scuffle with Arya.that's right,  I laughed at that.
1119	Grack21	2011-06-12	Spartacus was decent, and I was judging Troy based on the quality/massiveness of the battle, not it's accuracy to the Illiad. And to be fair where could the Greeks flank? The walls of Troy in the moview were like this /-\ The walls prevented any flanking maneuver. And that Battle on Ice clip, it had maybe 30 riders, and 50 spearmen. Hardly a great portrayal of a 8000 person battle.massiveness =/= quality.
1120	Bronn Stone	2011-06-12	She didn't mention them, but neither is the one Arya is to marry.  That is a Waldon, and he is squiring to Bolton(?) at Haranhall when he gets the news that he will no longer be marrying a princess.  He's in tears and Arya insults the princess (not knowing it was her).In the show they called him Waldron.  In the books his name was Elmar Frey and we do see him at Harrenhal.  He's Lord Walder's youngest sons.Though in the books, the Freys aren't ugly and Catelyn doesn't care about ugly, she's more concerned about character and child-bearing.lol...I noted it in my first post but I just found it intersting. It just eliminated Jaehaerys who only ruled a few years anyways. As you said, it shortens the tree and ages Aerys up a bit. Not a big deal.Almost required since Aemon is clearly not 100 years old.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 12 June 2011 - 11:04 PM.
1121	Asarlai	2011-06-12	lol...I noted it in my first post but I just found it intersting. It just eliminated Jaehaerys who only ruled a few years anyways. As you said, it shortens the tree and ages Aerys up a bit. Not a big deal.Plus, children born before Robb having a living great-great-great-uncle seems kind of a stretch. Especially one who just looks 80.
1122	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-12	In the show they called him Waldron.  In the books his name was Elmar Frey and we do see him at Harrenhal.  He's Lord Walder's youngest sons.Though in the books, the Freys aren't ugly and Catelyn doesn't care about ugly, she's more concerned about character and child-bearing.I started my CoK reread today.  I was going to wait until next Monday, but I got impatient.  Been 6 years since the last reread.The thing about the looks of the Frey women was so immature from Robb---he handled that better in the books. Sucked it up and accepted it as his duty.
1123	laughing tree knight	2011-06-12	ok if Shae isn't a low born whore anymore. then why won't Tyrion be able to bring he KL later on.
1124	damian	2011-06-12	Ok, after such a heartbreaking episode, it was good to have LOL moment.  That right there was funny.someone please explain this joke to me /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1125	Bubba	2011-06-12	I'm under the impression that Tyrion woke up and fought some like in the books. Or is it implied he stayed there for the entire battle? I'm confused.
Overall, I loved it. I'm really glad they're fleshing out Robb more.
1126	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-12	ok if Shae isn't a low born whore anymore. then why won't Tyrion be able to bring he KL later on.The problem is that she's a whore, regardless of her birth. Hopefully her backstory will be the same, just transplanted to Essos somewhere. She may be needed for future sexposition about the wider world. Also, it would be nice if being raped by one's father was treated as an incredibly horrendous thing and not just something to be shrugged off in the ASoIaF world. Shae mentions it in passing in the books, maybe it'll be her big secret in the show.
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA©, 12 June 2011 - 11:19 PM.
1127	Petergrifindor	2011-06-12	IÂ´m seeing LarryÂ´s review and I have to pause at minute 2, because I couldnÂ´t stop lol. This guy is hilarius.
1128	SwordoftheMorning	2011-06-12	Gawd, the nitpicking is ridiculous. This episode simply ROCKED. Jon and Aemon, Arya and Yorin, Ned ...... Drogo ........ 
I was one of those who disliked the book Dany, little barefoot hillbilly chick. But the series Dany is excellent. Jorah is stepping up, man ...... this series has just kept improving episode after episode. Yes, I know Ned was going to die, I know Drogo is going to die. But gotdamn, SEEING it after all these years is just ripping me up. I'm just blown away at how good this episode, and the series overall is.
1129	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-12	IÂ´m seeing LarryÂ´s review and I have to pause at minute 2, because I couldnÂ´t stop lol. This guy is hilarius.Do you have the link?  Episode9 review is not coming up for me (just his 4 minute freakout at Ned's death)
1130	Baratheon	2011-06-12	I understand there was supposed to be a grand battle, however, I don't think its absence made the episode less better. I still enjoyed every minute of it. This episode was great - with a battle scene it would have been better but the lack there of didn't take away from how good it was on its own. imo. 
I do agree though that important battles in the future should be represented better.
1131	Skillet	2011-06-12	"My name is Shae. Men call me ... often."
Come on, that was one of the best lines from this section of the book, and it would have been hella easy to leave it in the script. I was really bummed that they left it out. But I can't argue with the inclusion of a drinking game. That was inspirational.
1132	Petergrifindor	2011-06-12	Do you have the link?  Episode9 review is not coming up for me (just his 4 minute freakout at Ned's death)http://v19.lscache5....8ea00d4eb5c3633http://www.youtube.c...M&feature=feedu/smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He is PISSED.
1133	Bahimiron	2011-06-12	Really fantastic episode. I knew what was going to happen having read the books as many times as most of you, but I still got pretty misty when Ned forsook his honor for love and paid the ultimate price. 
There are a couple of things I'd have changed if I could, but hopefully the truth about Tyrion's final tryst with Tysha is waiting to come out when he's exceptionally drunk. Not sure how I feel about Tyrion playing a game of 'truth or dare', but what the hell, it's better than him just bitterly putting it out there for no reason.
Loved the added bit of back and forth between Jaime and Robb. "If we did it your way, I wouldn't win." Refreshing pragmatism from a Stark! Littlefinger would be proud.
Oh, I really, really liked the addition of Ned saving Arya. Him pointing Yoren to where he needed to go was great. Unfortunately non-book-readers appear to now all think Baelor is one of the gods. Oh well!
					
					
							Edited by Bahimiron, 12 June 2011 - 11:37 PM.
1134	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-12	"My name is Shae. Men call me ... often."Come on, that was one of the best lines from this section of the book, and it would have been hella easy to leave it in the script. I was really bummed that they left it out. But I can't argue with the inclusion of a drinking game. That was inspirational.I gave my husband that line.  His response was "how cheesey".  I have to agree. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1135	LadyNym	2011-06-12	No, it's a very minor character as is my understanding. Certainly not a major character.My guess is Old Nan, I think the woman playing her died a few months ago. I could be wrong.
1136	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-12	IÂ´m seeing LarryÂ´s review and I have to pause at minute 2, because I couldnÂ´t stop lol. This guy is hilarius.I watched his live stream, it was hilarious. He's so angry! I really hope viewers tune in after all next week.
1137	Asarlai	2011-06-12	My guess is Old Nan, I think the woman playing her died a few months ago. I could be wrong.Correct: http://en.wikipedia....i/Margaret_JohnThough Old Nan was brought to the Dreadfort, alive.
1138	DragonAge93	2011-06-12	*Wipes away tears* Fantastic, in a very emotional way. The death of Ned, a scene I was dreading, and still dread, was pulled off amazingly. I hate seeing Ned go. Having known he was gonna die due to reading the books, it still felt like I had no idea what was gonna happen. It just saddens me....
Kinda a little disappointed the battle in the Whispering Wood was cut out. Would have been nice to see. But, whatever, still an epic episode. 
RIP Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North. If Sean Bean doesn't get an Emmy for his final moments as Ned, then there is no justice in this world....
					
					
							Edited by DragonAge93, 12 June 2011 - 11:43 PM.
1139	Commodore	2011-06-12	from the EW recap which is always hilarioushttp://tvrecaps.ew.c...ones-episode-9/Catelyn sells her daughter's virginity to pay a bridge toll /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1140	Rockroi	2011-06-12	You don't even need it to be big or massive; just get some people to fight near Tyrion.  The whole "fog of war" shit would work really well.  Tyrion cannot even SEE the other flank or the center of the battle.  All he can do is see the few men who fight and die before him.  That would have been a good deal better than "The Battle of The Ruby Fjord as Brought to You by the Three Stooges."  Oh, wise guy, eh!?  I'll just hit you in the face with my warhammer!  Nuk, nuk, nuuuk.  Watching Tyrion interact with other men, fighting a few, getting his ass saved a couple of times, etc- we are talking about a scene that would only be three times as long as the fight in the Vale.  Apparently, that was too much to ask.  
Even Whispering Wood was rushed.  In the book, there is a spooky element - Cat can hear men screaming and dying and fighting; she can hear the steel, she can envision the misery, but she has no idea what's going on.  Here?  Just her sitting on a hill with a guy waiting for her some to appear.  Now, when Robb DOES appear, its a hot scene.  Robb looks like a guy who just fought a battle and is just thrilled he's alive and victorious.  
(Also- Whispering Wood was at night and so were several other scenes.  I know, I know- shooting at night is far more expensive.  But if one more person says the word "night" when its CLEARLY daytime, I'm just going to cry.)
And maybe I would not have been so peeved but for how foolish it made Tyrion look; it harkens too close to the "dwarf-as-physical-comic-relief" which, I had thought, was beneath this whole narrative.  
Look, its not a "deal breaker", just as the failed scene in Rome was NOT a deal breaker.  We all understand the reasons and the story putters along nicely.  But there is no doubt that war, warfare and the loss of life in battle is a huge part of this universe.  To keep it from us in this manner and somehow claim its just as powerful without seeing it is disingenuous at best.
1141	antisocial	2011-06-12	IÂ´m seeing LarryÂ´s review and I have to pause at minute 2, because I couldnÂ´t stop lol. This guy is hilarius.I remember when I read his death, it was a blind side hit, but Larrys taking it real hard. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Which is great, its supposed to be a very pivotal moment. The director did a great job, Sean Bean did wonderful. And I have to say it was an emotional moment for me all over again. It was even more heart wrenching to see both Sansa and Arya trying to save their farther, Arya by drawing needle, and Sansa pleading and begging. I remember reading it, but it brought it home better to see it acted out.A 10 for sure.
1142	Trebla	2011-06-12	I was messing around with my DVR schedule I noted that in the the description of the final episode, it contained this:
Fire and Blood
	Spoiler "Meanwhile, Catelyn presses Jaime about her son's fall". VERY intersting.
1143	laughing tree knight	2011-06-12	The problem is that she's a whore, regardless of her birth. Hopefully her backstory will be the same, just transplanted to Essos somewhere. She may be needed for future sexposition about the wider world. Also, it would be nice if being raped by one's father was treated as an incredibly horrendous thing and not just something to be shrugged off in the ASoIaF world. Shae mentions it in passing in the books, maybe it'll be her big secret in the show.is she a whore? I watched the scene and i couldn't say for sure she is. bronn says he found her with someone. not a whore house. She doesn't accept direct payment. she says she's not low born. she drinks and then fucks Tyrion. now forget the books and what you know. just the scene and if you beleve shae when she plays the game when she says she's not low born. it's not like tyrion is a virgin. so again im not saying he can marry her. based on just the scene is she definetly a whore or just a camp girl. or who knows what?? just saying.
1144	Rockroi	2011-06-12	from the EW recap which is always hilarioushttp://tvrecaps.ew.c...ones-episode-9/ /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />I just want to point out that the E artilce makes a very bold claim that GoT was "As we discuss in our producers interview, this is probably the first time a U.S. drama series has ever killed off its main character in the first season as part of its master creative plan."I beg to differ: Deadwood killed off Wild Bill Hicock after the fourth episode which has to qualify as a major "WTF!?!?!?" moment in TV where the main character was killed off so abruptly (Episode 3/4 IIRC).
1145	Grack21	2011-06-12	Gawd, the nitpicking is ridiculous. This episode simply ROCKED. Jon and Aemon, Arya and Yorin, Ned ...... Drogo ........ I was one of those who disliked the book Dany, little barefoot hillbilly chick. But the series Dany is excellent. Jorah is stepping up, man ...... this series has just kept improving episode after episode. Yes, I know Ned was going to die, I know Drogo is going to die. But gotdamn, SEEING it after all these years is just ripping me up. I'm just blown away at how good this episode, and the series overall is. I know right. I have the same kind of thing whenever I watch the fellowship of the ring. Gandalf will make it this time!......awwww.
1146	damian	2011-06-12	larry:  someone has to be held accountable for this.
1147	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-12	http://v19.lscache5.c.youtube.com/videoplayback?sparams=id%2Cexpire%2Cip%2Cipbits%2Citag%2Calgorithm%2Cburst%2Cfactor%2Coc%3AU0hPTFlRUF9FSkNOOV9RS1RJ&algorithm=throttle-factor&itag=18&ip=0.0.0.0&burst=40&sver=3&signature=D6F252A6EB91A8DA4656995A70D209AA4F4C392C.54D51C6B34451C163CEFBAFBA50696D15CC7214A&expire=1307962800&key=yt1&ipbits=0&factor=1.25&id=98ea00d4eb5c3633http://www.youtube.c...M&feature=feedu/smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />He is PISSED.Thanks.  I feel so bad for him. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1148	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-13	larry:  someone has to be held accountable for this.I like the part where he calls GRRM sick, cruel and twisted, and may God have mercy on his soul.   /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> Also, "You can't have us fall in love with this character, and then take him from us!"  Wow, he's going to be in for a rough time if he keeps watching...
1149	Grack21	2011-06-13	I like the part where he calls GRRM sick, cruel and twisted, and may God have mercy on his soul.   /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> Also, "You can't have us fall in love with this character, and then take him from us!"  Wow, he's going to be in for a rough time if he keeps watching... I'll assume he's never watched television before? cough cough Whedon cough cough
1150	damian	2011-06-13	I like the part where he calls GRRM sick, cruel and twisted, and may God have mercy on his soul.   /ohmy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' /> Also, "You can't have us fall in love with this character, and then take him from us!"  Wow, he's going to be in for a rough time if he keeps watching..."and then they killed him.  in cold blood.  with a fucking claymore."jesus christ this guy is hilarious
1151	Arbrigo Goldes	2011-06-13	W00t!  Tyrion is definitely not a Targ!  He couldn't withstand the candle burning on his arm!  Glad this is finally put to rest.  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
loved the episode.
1152	EdenShade	2011-06-13	the red wedding scene and what they do to robb and grey wind is far worse than neds fate. i will not watch that sceneConsidering I can't sleep now, I'm inclined to agree. If they don't do it full justice, I'll be screaming pissed. And if they do, good gods.
1153	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-13	Considering I can't sleep now, I'm inclined to agree. If they don't do it full justice, I'll be screaming pissed. And if they do, good gods.Same here.  It's 1am and I can't even think about sleep.  I just keep seeing Ned's face.
1154	Grack21	2011-06-13	W00t!  Tyrion is definitely not a Targ!  He couldn't withstand the candle burning on his arm!  Glad this is finally put to rest.  /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />loved the episode. Yeah, I wonder if they put that in there to shut certain people up.
1155	Lord Commander	2011-06-13	I thought the Dothraki's reaction to Dany coming out of the tent with MMM's blood magic going on was awesome. It was terrifying, they did a good job in handling this.
1156	Areo	2011-06-13	Yeah, I wonder if they put that in there to shut certain people up.Well, many Targs died of fire, including Viserys. I'm not supporting this theory, but a candle is no proof.I'd very much like to see how the show will recover next week, cuz many fans will still be shocked (and Larry will have a year to change his mind for season 2).
1157	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-06-13	I just want to point out that the E artilce makes a very bold claim that GoT was "As we discuss in our producers interview, this is probably the first time a U.S. drama series has ever killed off its main character in the first season as part of its master creative plan."I beg to differ: Deadwood killed off Wild Bill Hicock after the fourth episode which has to qualify as a major "WTF!?!?!?" moment in TV where the main character was killed off so abruptly (Episode 3/4 IIRC).It was only a WTF moment for people who had no idea that Wild Bill died in Deadwood.  I guess that's sorta similar to a book reading audience vs. a not-book reading audience.  But, I mean, every American knows about Wild Bill and Deadwood, or ought to at least.  Maybe not in this generation, but to people who grew up watching Westerns, surely they knew Wild Bill had it coming.
1158	Bronn Stone	2011-06-13	I beg to differ: Deadwood killed off Wild Bill Hicock after the fourth episode which has to qualify as a major "WTF!?!?!?" moment in TV where the main character was killed off so abruptly (Episode 3/4 IIRC).Carradine was not the first actor listed in the credits.  Bean is.  Hickok was not on the posters and every bus stop and the taco trucks.  Eddard was.
1159	Lord Mord	2011-06-13	Don't get me wrong -- good episode in the midst of a good series.  However, I *am* a bit bothered by changing the Targaryen family tree.  It wouldn't so much, except they eliminate a whole king -- a whole iteration in the Dynasty!  I call bullshit.Regarding the Whispering Wood ... I didn't even realize a battle was underway until the men started riding up the hill, and I just finished my re-read of Thrones a day or two ago.  What I think I would have preferred is a little more time with Cat and Ser Rodrik on the hillside.  Waiting -- the battle noise.  That part of that scene was written terrifically well -- they had a ready-made scene which needed just a couple of people pushed together and a camera put on them, and it would have helped amazingly well at covering the absence of a battle we admittedly should not have expected to see.Ah.  But ... I have the luxury of crabbing because HBO has put together a series worthy of talking about, worthy of getting emotional over.
1160	EdenShade	2011-06-13	Larry, Larry, Larry. I'm worried about him.  Someone tell him to run while he still can.
1161	Asarlai	2011-06-13	from the EW recap which is always hilarioushttp://tvrecaps.ew.c...ones-episode-9/ /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />Ridiculously funny review. Some gems:His father notes he paid a steep cost for the mountain men, pointing out their leader, Shagga, demanded two battle axes."Shagga likes axes," Tyrion says.I immediately pause my DVR and post a message on Craigslist: Two guitarists and drummer wanted to join my new Game of Thrones tribute band Shagga Likes Axes.P.S. In light of tonight's events, this therapeutic gif deserves an encore, yes?http://ewtvrecaps.fi..._1303738859.gif
1162	MrDoog	2011-06-13	This was an entertaining episode and yet I thought it was also the most disappointing. As mentioned the lack of battle scenes was slightly annoying. I thought they could've shown a segment of the Green fork battle without spending a fortune. Excluding them wasn't the end of the world but I hated how they distorted it so that Tyrion isn't even capable of making it to the battle, nevermind fighting in it, was dreadful I thought. I didn't expect them to show Whispering Wood so not much disappointment there. However, I thought that this fell far short of the mark in informing viewers as to what's just happened. We see Jaime getting dragged from a forest, apparently he cut down a few men before being taken... we never see him with an army, we never see Riverun and so a non-reader would be oblivious to the fact that a significant siege has just been lifted. There's about 20 or 30 people gathered around Robb as he makes a speech, so it looked like a skirmish had just happened, not a major battle. Viewers wouldn't know that a major Lannister host has been defeated. Shae: Personally, she's just.. off. Hard to say why. I always pictured her being more, I dunno, common with a cockney London accent perhaps. But eh, maybe she'll grow on me. The final scene was absolutely brilliant. They really couldn't have executed it any better. It gave me goosebumps it was so good. Bean was perfect. The child actors were perfect (including Joffrey, the little prick) I can't attribute enough superlatives to this scene.
1163	Grack21	2011-06-13	I don't get the changing the tree complaint at all. Why does it even matter? I didn't even notice the change till I came here and people were bitching about it.
1164	Eve	2011-06-13	"and then they killed him.  in cold blood.  with a fucking claymore."jesus christ this guy is hilariousHe is!  I am really enjoying his reactions.
1165	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	Haha! Larry is pissed!
I would have liked to have seen the Shae, Tyrion, Bronn scene shortened the moments right before Jaime is captured.  
Even knowing what was coming didn't make it easier. And for me, his false admission of guilt was just awful. Even worse to see it on screen as I have become attached to Sean Bean as Ned. I don't know if I can watch the Red Wedding stuff.
1166	Erryn	2011-06-13	I started crying the minute Arya dropped the pigeon.  Could not have been more impressed with the ending.  Better and worse, in every way.
1167	Asarlai	2011-06-13	I don't know if I can watch the Red Wedding stuff.If they have any decency, they'll at least give Robb a sword and a decent amount of expendable Freys to kill. And cut the direwolf part.
1168	The Ranger	2011-06-13	One of my favourite lines from that episode 
" How about a nice fat pigeon "  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1169	Asarlai	2011-06-13	One of my favourite lines from that episode " How about a nice fat pigeon "  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Too bad she didn't trade it for singer soup.
1170	pretzalz	2011-06-13	I can't believe that people don't like Shae.  I thought she was brilliant and perfectly cast.  Though I admit part of that is that she is the first genuinely hot actress on the show.  Dany is ok, but I can't quite get over her hair[though I do like her acting/character].  Lysa is disturbing in how ugly they made her.
As the episode was going along I started to mildly dread that they'd postpone Ned's death to the season finale.  I think 'they killed off Sean Bean' is perhaps getting a little overblown.  He's been in what LoTRs and what?  A British show I've never heard of?  He's hardly a superstar actor.  And while his performance this season has been superb, I think some of the other performances by other actors/actresses have been at least as good.
1171	Steel_Wind	2011-06-13	There are a couple of things I'd have changed if I could, but hopefully the truth about Tyrion's final tryst with Tysha is waiting to come out when he's exceptionally drunk. Not sure how I feel about Tyrion playing a game of 'truth or dare', but what the hell, it's better than him just bitterly putting it out there for no reason.I thought this was completely unnecessary exposition and a bad call. It should have been left to Season 2 when he tells Shae before the Battle of the Blackwater. It would have been better if it was a question he refused to answer and he ended the "truth or dare" game right there.  That would have set it up as a "big deal" and left the viewers hanging.Seriously. We don't NEED to know about Tysha yet. The point where it will matter is 3 seasons off. Many viewers will have forgotten it by then, too.I guess that D&D were using it as a way to show Shae has a backstory and will not open up to Tyrion about it or herself. Shae's line about a real woman not wanting to sleep with a man just after she had almost been raped was a clue on Shae's past. And her refusal to open up plays true to the idea that a whore should not get emotionally or personally invested in any way with a John. Still.It was unnecessary to go there this early.  Tywin could have ordered Tyrion not to bring any whore to court without the specifics and it would have worked just as well. A glare at Shae in the background while giving Tyrion his marching orders would have been more than fine. Show; don't tell.
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 13 June 2011 - 12:51 AM.
1172	ZombieWife	2011-06-13	Not a lot to add.  Just glad to have you all here to "whimper" to.  How heart-wrenching!
1173	Zoren	2011-06-13	The battles themselves WERE NEVER IMPORTANT in the book. The importance lies in the causes and consequences of such battles. 
The only important battles in the series is Blackwater. Even the Fist of the First Men can be simplified by just showing Sam slaying the White Walker and the mention of the wights killing men of the NW.
1174	straphe	2011-06-13	Ohwell, this was unavoidable, after all.
Great episode, although I do think that they could've shown at least something of the two battles. The Whispering Wood was awesome in the book, and I don't think that would've been a big budgetary problem. Or at least show how they captured the Kingslayer, cause it's a bit fuzzy if you rely only on the episode.
The Freys were awesome, and I really like the Twins. Across the Narrow Sea, Dany's scenes were great, Momoa kills it as Drogo, and Emilia is great, as always. She should have a bigger belly, though, being 8 months pregnant and all. She doesn't seem pregnant at all.
Other than that, great episode.
1175	Ran	2011-06-13	There seemed to be much more music in this one, and it was good. Or was that just me? I wonder if the very tight timeline is why only this latest (and next?) episode have so much music.. or if it's simply a stylistic choice.
1176	Asarlai	2011-06-13	The battles themselves WERE NEVER IMPORTANT in the book. The importance lies in the causes and consequences of such battles. The only important battles in the series is Blackwater. Even the Fist of the First Men can be simplified by just showing Sam slaying the White Walker and the mention of the wights killing men of the NW.Because that makes for an exciting show that will pull in more viewers.Since the Blackwater is the ONLY important battle, maybe we can just have Jon wake up after holding the Wall, and they might spend a line or two on it if we're lucky, before the pissing game that reveals the deep-seated emotional conflict of a major character.
1177	Grack21	2011-06-13	I can't believe that people don't like Shae.  I thought she was brilliant and perfectly cast.  Though I admit part of that is that she is the first genuinely hot actress on the show.  Dany is ok, but I can't quite get over her hair[though I do like her acting/character].  Lysa is disturbing in how ugly they made her.As the episode was going along I started to mildly dread that they'd postpone Ned's death to the season finale.  I think 'they killed off Sean Bean' is perhaps getting a little overblown.  He's been in what LoTRs and what?  A British show I've never heard of?  He's hardly a superstar actor.  And while his performance this season has been superb, I think some of the other performances by other actors/actresses have been at least as good. Dude, Sean Bean is A BIG DEAL in the UK. And he's been in far more then LotR. Off the top of my head Patriot Games and Goldeneye come to mind. Also Equilibrium, Ronin, Silent Hill, Troy, Natural treasure. Granted I think some of those movies suck, but still. ITS SEAN FUCKING BEAN. And that British "show" you've never heard of is a huge massive success in the UK. Some author I read is a huge fan of it, George...something.Ohwell, this was unavoidable, after all.Great episode, although I do think that they could've shown at least something of the two battles. The Whispering Wood was awesome in the book, and I don't think that would've been a big budgetary problem. Or at least show how they captured the Kingslayer, cause it's a bit fuzzy if you rely only on the episode.The Freys were awesome, and I really like the Twins. Across the Narrow Sea, Dany's scenes were great, Momoa kills it as Drogo, and Emilia is great, as always. She should have a bigger belly, though, being 8 months pregnant and all. She doesn't seem pregnant at all.Other than that, great episode.Yeah her belly didn't look big enough. And I think people are overstaing how much of the battles were actually in the book. From what I recall its only like 4 pages or so.
					
					
							Edited by Grack21, 13 June 2011 - 12:53 AM.
1178	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-13	Dany's scenes were great, Momoa kills it as Drogo, and Emilia is great, as always. She should have a bigger belly, though, being 8 months pregnant and all. She doesn't seem pregnant at all.Other than that, great episode.Not all women look alike pregnant.  My daughter is built like Dany and at 9 months she wasn't even that big looking and still had a 6lb 11oz completely healthy baby.
1179	Maester Yobjascz	2011-06-13	I didn't expect them to show Whispering Wood so not much disappointment there. However, I thought that this fell far short of the mark in informing viewers as to what's just happened. We see Jaime getting dragged from a forest, apparently he cut down a few men before being taken... we never see him with an army, we never see Riverun and so a non-reader would be oblivious to the fact that a significant siege has just been lifted. There's about 20 or 30 people gathered around Robb as he makes a speech, so it looked like a skirmish had just happened, not a major battle. Viewers wouldn't know that a major Lannister host has been defeated.You're confusing the Battle of the Whispering Wood with the Battle of the Camps (which we hear about, but don't see in the books). The Whispering Wood was a smallish battle between Robb Stark's entire force and a small detachment led by Jaime Lannister that was looking for the Lannister's disappearing scouts. The siege of Riverrun isn't lifted until The Battle of the Camps, where Robb Stark defeats the three separated Lannister camps laying siege.I thought the episode was pretty spot on perfect. I did miss Bronn's line about Tyrion giving the northern archers fits (a small man in the van with a large shield...), and I'm not certain how they're going to resolve the absence of Roose Bolton with the remnants of his army keeping Tywin penned in at Harrenhall. I suppose that he's not all that necessary until next season with Arya, but I don't think it would've been too hard to have included him as a faceless name in dialogue this season (as they have for Stannis)... though they would've had to start in Ep. 8.
1180	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-13	I just finished watching it on HBO GO.Wow. I don't know if I'd say that was my favorite episode ever, but it probably packed the most emotional punch. Most of the Daenerys stuff played out pretty well (and the camp spell scene was creepy). I do think they rushed the pregnancy a bit (it probably would have been better to have her more pregnant in the last episode), but it was still good.    All the Tywin and Tyrion scenes continue to capture the sense of how much Tywin dominates his children. We've seen Jaime somewhat submissive in his presence, and even Tyrion cowers a bit in spite of his banter.    I'm pretty sure I heard the Wilhelm Scream during the aftermath of Tyrion's battle, when dying men were being finished off.    I agree that Ned was amazing in his few scenes. Both his interactions with Varys, and his final minutes were great.    I was a little disappointed that we didn't see any of either the battle Tyrion was in (which was in the books), or the battle in which Jaime Lannister was captured (which was off-screen even in the books), but I understand why they couldn't do it. Big battles are expensive - far too expensive for a television show to do for more than brief shots (As mentioned up-thread, Rome did it once).    Jon's sequence was probably the weakest in the episode. He was okay, but Maester Aemon was great. I was moved when he edged into anger and sorrow while discussing how his relatives were butchered.    Frey was great. He's not how I pictured him (Frey in the books is a 91-year-old man), but he did convey that prickly, "brooding over all his slights" attitude that was characteristic of Walder Frey in the books.    I didn't particularly like how they introduced Shae. I think the whole scene would have been better if they had included a brief bit before Tyrion walked into Tywin's tent, where he tells Bronn to find him a whore, and to "tell her what I am." That (and Tyrion's thought about how his previous serving man had neglected to do that on occasion) was a memorable little detail to me from that chapter.    That said, they did get two important things about Tyrion across. The first was the rather fucked-up story involving his ex-wife. The second was the "fantasy girlfriend" thing he has going on with Shae, which I really noticed on my re-read of the books.    I'm honestly divided on the whole "let's find out about each other!" drinking game. I liked that it showed Shae keeping Tyrion at a degree of arm's length, and how it showed Tyrion trying to build up this sort of camraderie that he desperately desires. But ultimately, Bronn is just his mercenary, and Shae his whore.    The ending . . . what a gut-punch, and cliff-hanger. Holy shit. Easily the best scene in that episode, and one of the best from the series. I particularly liked how they conveyed how much Joffrey's rash decision was a "cat among the pigeons" type of fiasco for everyone else. Sansa was bawling, Cersei pleading to get him to change his mind, Varys running over to try and convince him . . . and meanwhile, the execution goes forward. And Ned dies.
							Edited by Wise Bass, 13 June 2011 - 01:04 AM.
1181	Grack21	2011-06-13	[*]    I'm pretty sure I heard the Wilhelm Scream during the aftermath of Tyrion's battle, when dying men were being finished off. You did! I heard it too!
					
					
							Edited by Grack21, 13 June 2011 - 01:07 AM.
1182	straphe	2011-06-13	And I think people are overstaing how much of the battles were actually in the book. From what I recall its only like 4 pages or so.Of course, GRRM only wrote a couple of important battlescenes, but in a visual medium, what's more, in a fantasy series, people are gonna want to see some battles. Hell, I want to see some battles, even though I don't want them changing anything from the books. It's only natural to want to see what happened, how they captured Jaime, and when an episode has two battles occur offscreen, it gets a bit annoying.Anyway, how are they gonna go with the siege at Riverrun? Since Robb doesn't get to the castle this season, are they going to lift the siege at the beginning of next season, or are we going to hear about the siege being lifted, and end it there (after the King of the North, of course)? What d'ya think?
1183	Nnorb	2011-06-13	Oh man, Sean Bean acted the fuck out of that scene. Brilliant.
1184	Anomandaris86	2011-06-13	Those battles were just pathetic. Yes let's call a spade a spade here. I wasn't expecting Lord of the Rings wideshots or anything like that but they pulled a complete Rome Season 1. Tyrion getting knocked out! Jesus Christ.
Biggest disapointment of the series so far, imo. The Battle of the Blackwater has to suck now too. There's no hope for it.
A few other things:
1) The Twins. Were those towers really that short?
2) I'm thinking Robb didn't send Bolton at all, since he only sent 2,000. That was just a suicide mission. I think they just made this change so they could wait to cast Bolton for season 2. So that army's dead, Robb must end up sending Bolton to Harrenhall in Season 2. But for what reason? God, the books are so much better.
3) Tyrion/Shae/Bronn scene. Not sure what to make of this. It doesn't quite seem to fit Bronn's character, the camraderie. On the other hand it can be considered a humanizing element. But I do think they're making him more sympathetic, just like so many other characters. And Shae's "talk about my parents again and I'll kill you" - lol wtf. Way to be a good whore.
I'm now curious as to Bronn's adventures north of the Wall. Don't think that was mentioned. Also Shae's past. Unless she was lying in that scene.
4) Ned's execution. In all honesty it didn't have much effect on me because I was still upset about the battles. But doesn't Ned try to say something after Joffrey's pronouncement and quickly get silenced? I think that's how it was in the books. Makes sense; if he's going to kill you anyway you might as well try to shout out about the incest. I guess they wanted him to die in a measure of peace in order to soften the blow. Also I wished that they had shown something like a look pass between Joffrey and Littlefinger to show who really was responsible.
1185	Joey Geko	2011-06-13	So damn good! http://www.youtube.c...NjM&view=videos
OtakuAssemble is my new hero.
1186	Grack21	2011-06-13	Of course, GRRM only wrote a couple of important battlescenes, but in a visual medium, what's more, in a fantasy series, people are gonna want to see some battles. Hell, I want to see some battles, even though I don't want them changing anything from the books. It's only natural to want to see what happened, how they captured Jaime, and when an episode has two battles occur offscreen, it gets a bit annoying.Anyway, how are they gonna go with the siege at Riverrun? Since Robb doesn't get to the castle this season, are they going to lift the siege at the beginning of next season, or are we going to hear about the siege being lifted, and end it there (after the King of the North, of course)? What d'ya think? Yeah, I understand the disappointment, but I think some people are making to big a deal out of it. It's not like if they had cut Helm's Deep from LotR.
1187	Asarlai	2011-06-13	A Song of Ice and Fire is not about battles.How else do the kings clash, the swords storm, or the crows feast?To complain that a scene of men swinging swords at each other was cut in favour of a lengthy, nuanced bit of character development is so utterly retarded I don't even know where to begin."Reveal personal detail, DRINK! Reveal personal detail, DRINK! Not all whores are stereotypical, DRINK! Make up detail, DRINK! Reveal personal detail, DRINK!"How nuanced, how gripping, how wonderful.
1188	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-13	I would rather not have a battle scene if it was going to be total cheese because of budget restrictions. As I said before though, I would have liked to have seen Jaime getting captured or at least more explanation (for non book readers) about the plan Robb had. It was kinda like..."hey Mom, look who we found!"
1189	jfrenchy	2011-06-13	There seemed to be much more music in this one, and it was good. Or was that just me? I wonder if the very tight timeline is why only this latest (and next?) episode have so much music.. or if it's simply a stylistic choice.yes there was more music, and i also found this episode's soundtrack to be good. it's the build up for the final scene, and they did it well imo. season finale ought to have something similar, although i can't think of any scene that will be able to top off what we see at the endI'm pretty sure I heard the Wilhelm Scream during the aftermath of Tyrion's battle, when dying men were being finished off.ever since i first read about the Wilhelm scream i've always been noticing it.. and it's used everywhere! it's a good scream. but yeah it was in there at that scenei'd like to add that the scenery shots of the twins was really cool, and also seeing the freys, that was awesomeep9 my favorite episode so far!
1190	Lady Blackfish	2011-06-13	I think I was more disappointed in this episode than most people, though I still like it overall.  My issue was how the different scenes/storylines were meted out over the episode, I think.  I feel like the breakdown of the episode could've been tweaked to build up better to the drama, it ended up being quite a come-down off of the high from episode eight, until the very end where it seemed to spike out of, well, not quite nowhere, but a bit too much in that direction IMO.  
In a way I too was disappointed by how the battles were depicted, not because I need to see all the action but because tension was not maintained enough for my liking.  There might've been a way to do that without showing the battles.  For example if we had seen Cat earlier in the episode straining to see the action, just waiting for Robb, and cutting away with her not knowing, it might've had more impact to see her returning to the screen, still waiting, and then Robb rides out and finally she can breathe again, etc.  I dunno, basically I liked the parts of this episode but I do wish they had been assembled a little differently.
Ned's death was all in all very well done, Aemon's reveal also pretty good, the Lannister and Stark war camps each rewarding, and while I have to think more before I know how I feel about Shae, for now I'm intrigued at how HBO's take on the character will influence Tyrion's arc.  
I'm really looking forward to the finale, especially when Cat punches the living crap out of Jaime *fans self*
					
					
							Edited by Lady Blackfish, 13 June 2011 - 01:51 AM.
1191	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	IMO they finally messed something up. Amd that "thing" is Shae. THe woman playing her is horrrrrrrrible.  ANd is that a Russian accent or something?  Not a huge part of the series I guess but man i felt like they got all the characters perfectly cast and then she pops up.  I wish theyd change her
1192	Grack21	2011-06-13	IMO they finally messed something up. Amd that "thing" is Shae. THe woman playing her is horrrrrrrrible.  ANd is that a Russian accent or something?  Not a huge part of the series I guess but man i felt like they got all the characters perfectly cast and then she pops up.  I wish theyd change her German. And the story is the producers/GRRM liked her enough for the part that they added the accent so she could play shae.
1193	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-13	1. I think the whole MMD scene in the tent, with the spell, was actually better than the book's description. You're watching it and suddenly, "WTF?! What are those sounds?"2. To be honest, I'm liking the whole scene with the Westerosi version of "I Never" more and more. Mostly because of how it portrays Tyrion and Shae (although we do find out that Bronn has been north of the Wall, meaning that he was probably a wildling or successful deserter from the Night's Watch*). Shae keeps Tyrion at a certain degree of arm's length, and we get to see Tyrion's creeping delusions in action**. You can just tell that he really, really wants it to be real - for them all to be buddies joking around, camraderie, etc. But it isn't, and we see it in Bronn and Shae's discomfort with the whole thing. They're not his friends - they're his employees, and as soon as his gold runs out, so will they. * Assuming that he didn't just lie. ** Speaking of which, I reiterate that the show captured what Tyrion wanted from Shae. He didn't just want sex. He wanted a Fantasy Girlfriend, and his inability to tell fantasy from truth in that regard becomes rather sad as the story develops.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 13 June 2011 - 01:58 AM.
1194	Myrish swan	2011-06-13	1, I don't remember Shae being such a bitch. And 2, show-Tyrion doesn't pay his gold for Tysha?!?! That's a pretty big change to that story...Shae is PURE EVIL, if you believe the people who are constantly insisting that the bitch got what she deserved (98 percent of the readership.)Anyway, I thought the actress playing Shae was totally awesome. And I love Shae the character, thus far. And rather than being creepy and controlling and insecure, like he is with her in the books, Tyrion is sweet and adorable. I'm not sure... a few little changes seem to make a huge difference. Anyway, the Tyrion I knew I liked from the first 7 episodes was back again tonight... in episode 8, he seemed to denigrate to the unessesarily mean, superior and arrogant Tyrion of the books. But tonight he was back to being sweet and adorable and nice again. He was so cute with Shae and Bronn.Anyway, the overall episode for me felt kind of slow at first, especially the scenes featuring Jon at the wall. Jon's conversation with Maester Aemon was not something that translated too well from the books, imo. In the books, we'd been hearing all about the fall of Aerys and the shocking murder of the Targ kids for what felt like the whole book. So then it was a huge revelation to learn that Maester Aemon was a Targ. Here it was just like... "well, okay, old dude, so you're related to the mad king. I kinda got a whiff of that family insanity six episodes back when you were having a conniption fit over the white walkers and "winter is coming," etc. Whatever." Not as much of an impact. But things got a lot better toward the halfway point. And the ending was stunning... the way they did that scene was amazing. Though she's gotten a lot of flack for not being a good enough actress, I thought Sophie Turner was amazing in this scene. Other thoughts: Walder Frey was a bit of a dissapointment... dude looked 65, not 90! Though I did get the full impact of his creepiness seeing him fondling his 15 year old wife like that.  /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Why was Robb such a brat about having to marry a Frey girl? I didn't remember him being so immature in the books. (Maybe I'm mistaken, since its been a while since I've read that part...but the only one I remember freaking out and whining about having to marry a Frey girl was Edmure.) Honestly, whom did Robb expect to marry? Some girl he fell in love with? As the eldest son of one of the most important families in the realm, of course he's going to be marrying for politics. So what was with his apparent reluctance/ anger? I didn't really get that.
					
					
							Edited by Myrish swan, 13 June 2011 - 02:09 AM.
1195	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	German. And the story is the producers/GRRM liked her enough for the part that they added the accent so she could play shae.Either way I think they changed wayyy to much about her to be Shae. Maybe they just shouldve changed the whole characters name.  The actress doesnt even seem to be good to me.  She hot I guess, but thats it. and the accent kills it for me.  I wish there would be public outrage about this and theyd change her. My Gf finished GoT like a day ago and right away called out the Shae actress.  This girl is nothing like Shae
1196	Lady Blackfish	2011-06-13	In the books, we'd been hearing all about the fall of Aerys and the shocking murder of the Targ kids for what felt like the whole book. So then it was a huge revelation to learn that Maester Aemon was a Targ.Agree, it was one of those moments where I liked it because I had read the books.  That's one loss that has come with not playing up the backstory before this point in time.
1197	Grack21	2011-06-13	Heh, I believe he said his new wife was 15, which ups the creep factor even more. 
As for the whole Shae thing, I guess the women playing her is an award winning Turkish-German actress, which is maybe why the felt the need to throw the foreign bit in there? I guess we'll see how it plays out. I think people are to quick to leap to judgments after maybe 4 minutes of screen time.
And I think (still) that people need to calm down over the battles being skipped. I understand how it pissed some people off, but the stuff flying around about how backwater is "obviously going to suck" or :be skipped" is just dumb. GRRM is writing the damn thing as we speak! And no, I don't think the producers have the power to just cut his whole episode.
1198	brian_177	2011-06-13	I really enjoyed Aemon's conversation with Jon.
In the book I didn't get the sense that Aemon was recalling what happened with anger, but I really liked that he gave in to his emotion, even if just for a moment.
I also liked the scene with Shae, Bronn, and Tyrion drinking. I LOVED the look on Bronn's face when Tyrion said "Look how much fun we're having." Really funny.
Some people have complained that they're not being true to Bronn's character. Since we've all read the books, we know that Tyrion always tried to keep his relationships with both Bronn and Shae in perspective, but was also know that he often forgot (certainly more with Shae than with Bronn.) However, the TV show can't just throw the script into italics and have Tyrion tell us all what he's thinking, as we see often in the books. I thinkt he show will make up for this by having scenes like this, where we warm to both Shae and Bronn (not always together in the same scene, obviously), but often they will throw in a line or two that reminds us what the real dynamic is in those relationships. Bronn mentions he was north of the Wall for work. Not intrique, not friendship, but work. He's a sellsword, and that's why he's drinking with Tyrion, because Tyrion signs his paychecks.
And really, even if they never again mention that Shae is a whore and have us all fall in love with her, or if they make Bronn out to be Tyrion's closest friend, all that will do is make their betrayal of Tyrion that much more appetizing.
1199	Eponine	2011-06-13	I didn't want this episode to end- as soon as Arya showed up with the pigeon, I was sad knowing what was going to happen. The last scenes played out perfectly and every actor did a great job - so many things going on - Joffery being repugnant, Varys rushing over, Cersei caught by surprise, and loved that Sansa had to be held back instead of falling to her knees which IIRC was what she did in the book. Good change with Yoren.
Was more sold on the Dothraki this episode than any other, largely thanks to the bloodrider asserting himself (and perhaps not wrongly, because turns out he was right about the whole blood magic thing and it was his entire job to protect Drogo). But I was confused about the poltice and MMDs role in Drogo's wound festering. I mean, I know what the book says, but am not sure what I was supposed to infer from the show.
Walder Frey +1 for perviness. Although he didn't look 90, I think he got the essence of the character perfectly.
Did not like how Tyrion got turned into cheap comic relief instead of being part of the battle. No need to show the battle and drive up costs- we already knew that the battle was underway, and this is where the switch between POVs should be advantageous. Could have done a scene where Bronn fights 2-3 other men, Tyrion gets a few stabs in without being a fighting machine, end scene, next time we see Tyrion the battle is over. We could have just as easily interpolated the rest of the battle that we didn't see without making Tyrion a buffoon.
Hated Shae. Tyrion is not looking for mystery or intelligence, he wants to fool himself into believing that he's loved. The genius of using his POV in the book is that it lets the reader be seduced along with him, making his betrayal shocking but the way he's objectified her come into focus at the same time. But mostly i just dont like her and found her grating and not likable, so it's hard for me to see why Tyrion would fall so hard for her. While she's pretty, she's not notably hotter or sexier than Ros or the whores Tyrion was with in Winterfell either, IMO. I wanted to see someone who was convincing in acting like she loved Tyrion while showing the audience little glimpses of boredom or apathy. This Shae just flat out doesn't seem to have chemistry with Tyrion.
					
					
							Edited by Eponine, 13 June 2011 - 02:32 AM.
1200	brokor	2011-06-13	Am i the only one who reading the books thought shae was a plain farmer girl turned whore, giddy and lively that acts like a young girl, excitable that has seen very little in life and tyrion offers her a whole new world?
the actress that played shae made her look like a professional whore raised in a pleasure house in Lys that knows how to separate business from pleasure and more of an escort than a lowly whore.
i mean shae does it all for the money ofc but she gets entangled unto tyrion's life. so far in the series shae looks like a cold bitch that gives a fuck for coin and thats it.
hate it.
1201	Stubby	2011-06-13	[MOD]
Please remember that the use of personal insults is not acceptable on this board.
Thank You.
[\MOD]
1202	straphe	2011-06-13	And I think (still) that people need to calm down over the battles being skipped. I understand how it pissed some people off, but the stuff flying around about how backwater is "obviously going to suck" or :be skipped" is just dumb. GRRM is writing the damn thing as we speak! And no, I don't think the producers have the power to just cut his whole episode.And I think those defending the battle scenes with their life need to calm down. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I'm not angry or anything, I still love the show, with its lack of battles and anything; I just simply wrote what I feel. Then I got shot down, rather brutally, by a troll. Are trolls even allowed to roam the topics of the forum?
1203	Myrish swan	2011-06-13	She reacted similarly surprised and freaked out at his sudden change of heart in the book, definitely.  The scene and her reaction were spot on.Yeah, Cersei was pretty smart... pre AFFC lobotomy/ prophecy plot device trainwreck.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
1204	Grack21	2011-06-13	And I think those defending the battle scenes with their life need to calm down. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I'm not angry or anything, I still love the show, with its lack of battles and anything; I just simply wrote what I feel. Then I got shot down, rather brutally, by a troll. Are trolls even allowed to roam the topics of the forum? Oh no, I'm not pointing at you specifically, IN fact I was thinking of something in another topic. Some people seem to be taking the battle skipping as some sigh of DOOM. Like in the next episode they're gonna add vampires and robots or something.And trolls are everywhere. Like dust mites.
1205	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	I think that if the show had maybe 4 more episodes per season and a couple billion dollars they could maybe do all of the battle sequences up to everyone's satisfaction, but I'll take Tyrion being conked in the head, trampled into the ground by his men, and a few wide-shots of the aftermath of the battle when he wakes over the scooby-doo cgi that infests most movies that depict large battles these days.  Ultimately this isn't a story about the battles.  Even in the books most of them take place offscreen.  And if the price for that perfect scene on the steps of Baelor's sept is a couple of glossed-over battles, it's a trade I'll make in a heartbeat.
1206	Spooky Scary Jurble	2011-06-13	Don't get me wrong -- good episode in the midst of a good series.  However, I *am* a bit bothered by changing the Targaryen family tree.  It wouldn't so much, except they eliminate a whole king -- a whole iteration in the Dynasty!  I call bullshit.Lawl, I noticed this too.  I imagine it's because they want to keep Maester Aemon <100 years old?  Or because they wouldn't want people to get confused on how Rhaegar was an adult when Dany was still a fetus, they'd have to explain that Aerys married at like 16, right? Or maybe younger.
1207	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-13	As far as battles go, I really want two to be done justice: The Battle on the Blackwater (in Season 2), and The Battle on the Fist of First Men (hopefully Season Three, if we get one). Other than that, I'm mostly okay with the battles being circumspect. That's how most of them are in the books anyways (think of all of the battles where Robb leads men into battle, which are all off-screen in the books). One thing I would like to see done well in addition to the battles would be the whole Red Wedding sequence. I want the slaughter in the hall and outside of it to look appropriately horrifying and brutal.
1208	Myrish swan	2011-06-13	Quick thoughts1. What's going on with Shae?  That's Shae?  Okay... if you say so, she's seems to be a hundred times smarter than book Shae that's for sure.  HmmÂ<U+0085> I donÂ<U+0092>t think book Shae was stupid, though she was sure made to look that way. Personally, I think she was young, naAve, and blinded by greed, but by no means stupid. This Shae is certainly more mature, though. IÂ<U+0092>d say that is a natural consequence of being in her late twenties or so (not sure of her exact age) rather than 18, like book Shae. Quibble: Tyrion getting trampled by the hill tribes as they race toward battle. Is that supposed to imply that all he did in the battle of the Green Fork was get hit in the head by his own man and remain out cold for the whole fight? That is not cool.I understand budgetary issues but I feel it's important that it is shown Tyrion is not a coward fights alongside his men. I actually thought that was somewhat realisticÂ<U+0085>. And in refreshing contrast to the glorification of Tyrion that sometimes goes on in the books. We clearly saw that Tyrion was a great leader, and no coward, by the way he spoke to his men and ran off bravely into battle. The fact that he got hit over the head and trampled is really quite realistic, considering the situation. What an amazing episode.1) Changing the Tyrion battle to where he gets knocked out early on and stepped on a bunch of times was totally the right move. I bet GRRM himself wanted that one done. Watching Tyrion become a super hero against a bunch of knights just comes off as silly in the books.Yeah, I agree with this 150 percent. As you say, having him suddenly gain mad mortal combat skills out of nowhere and start beating up trained knights is fairly ridiculous (especially since we get every indication that, due to his size, Tyrion has had no previous battle training.) Tyrion the sudden warrior is as ridiculous as Tyrion the drunken gymnast doing backflips off ladders. 2) Bronn is hilarious! Even funnier than Tyrion. And Shae seems good -- although this whole 'mysterious woman' thing she is giving out seems unnecessary.4) Jorah fighting the Dothraki fellow was total badassery. He was clearly outmatched in speed but the armor paid off in the end. Those steel dresses that the Dothraki make fun of -- and just plain don't understand -- came back to haunt him. Brutal! Jorah is my new hero.8) Robb's time is here to take over the show.2. Re Shae: Yeah, a lot of people had a problem with thisÂ<U+0097>both the Â<U+0093>mysterious womanÂ<U+0094> thing, and the accent. Personally, though the Â<U+0093>mysterious, foreign beautyÂ<U+0094> is a bit of a clichA©, I liked what was done with Shae overall. Honestly, Shae is Â<U+0093>mysteriousÂ<U+0094>Â<U+0097>even in the books, we really donÂ<U+0092>t know much about her (though no doubt that in the future, GRRM will drop more nuggets of info about her that make TyrionÂ<U+0092>s murder of her seem even more justified. Honestly, GRRM seems to want to inspire readers to hate Shae more than any other character, possibly save Cersei.)4. Yeah, Jorah is so much cooler and all around more sympathetic in the show. Not only does he have Â<U+0093>badassÂ<U+0094> moments like this, he seems truly guilty about his past mistakes and betrayals. In the books, what made him rather irritating was the fact that he refused to accept responsibility for his own mistakes. Here, he does so, and seems to feel genuine remorse. Furthermore, he seems to truly love and admire Dany as a person. (In the books, it seemed as though his Â<U+0093>loveÂ<U+0094> for her was mostly just lust.)8. Oh please, no. Robb is getting on my last nerve.
1209	lokisnow	2011-06-13	for those with exceptionally awful memories (the battle bitchers) here is a verbatim quote of how the Whispering Wood is written in the books:Then she blinked, and they were only men, rushing down to kill or die.Afterward, she could not claim she had seen the battle.The entirety of the battle happens off screen in between the period and the capital-A.  the full description is crammed into the indentation space that indicates a new paragraph.
1210	jfrenchy	2011-06-13	As far as battles go, I really want two to be done justice: The Battle on the Blackwater (in Season 2)battle of actium (big fleet battle) in hbo's rome was completely skipped to the end to a rowboat and some bloodied soldiers.the battle of blackwater would be really cool to see on screen, i hope it makes it, just saying though, it would probably cost too much to make it look good.
1211	straphe	2011-06-13	The entirety of the battle happens off screen in between the period and the capital-A.  the full description is crammed into the indentation space that indicates a new paragraph.Of course it happens off-screen, Catelyn's not there, but that chapter is a favourite of mine. So much tension. And that could've been done without showing anything, really. A couple of screams, a couple of swords clashing (or storming) together, more screams, and then Robb coming back to Catelyn. Somebody already mentioned that if they would've shown more of Catelyn waiting with Rodrik, it would've been more dramatic. Alas...
1212	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-13	That was amazing to watch. My heart was beating out of my chest during the entirety of the last scene... omg.I thought it a bit silly for Ser Ilyn to put on a black ninja mask though, but oh well, at least Ice looked incredibly badass. I wasn't sure how Master Aemon's actor would be able to pull off the scene with Jon, but they absolutely nailed everything. When Aemon talks about the murder of the children, the raw feelings of anger, hatred and sorrow are so clear in his voice. Jon's expression of chock, opening his eyes more and more, was as also great: "Who are you?Walder Frey was good and they even got a small "heh" in there. The Twins could have been bigger (two thousand men + household live in there?) but it was ok, I guess. Varys also got a nice moment, pehaps letting his true face be shown for the first time instead of the effeminate servant. His face and voice was like stone.
1213	TamTam Rapley	2011-06-13	for those with exceptionally awful memories (the battle bitchers) here is a verbatim quote of how the Whispering Wood is written in the books:The entirety of the battle happens off screen in between the period and the capital-A.  the full description is crammed into the indentation space that indicates a new paragraph.The show is a visual depiction of Westeros. It's already shown that it doesn't conform to the POV only standard because its shown additional Renly, Loras, Cersei scenes etc. Arguing that the battle happens off screen is weak. And to say that battles don't matter over character development is ignoring the fact that war plays a significant role in the series."There's a war coming Ned"- Robert Baratheon.
1214	aimlessgun	2011-06-13	Well as people have complained time and again, there is a character problem with only telling us Jaime is a badass, and never showing it. The only time we get to see him be awesome is killing Jory, who was never established as much of anyone. So it would have helped his S3 story a LOT to be shown him slicing through a bunch of knights on his way to Robb. I hope they'll talk him up more to compensate, and I hope that will work to sell nonreaders on Jaime = badass.Everything else:-I like Shae but the scene dragged a bit.-Dany story really showing they needed 2 more EPs. It's very very sudden. We needed at least 1 full EP of Drogo riding around sick. The creepiness of the tent scene was good though. Jorah fight was decent enough. Horse killing was good. I don't like the Mirri actress. -Ned's death was perfect. 11/10. Slow clap.
					
					
							Edited by aimlessgun, 13 June 2011 - 03:13 AM.
1215	Ahri Adaran	2011-06-13	Yeah, Cersei was pretty smart... pre AFFC lobotomy/ prophecy plot device trainwreck.  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Although I don't like the Cersei AFFC plotline either, she mucks things up plenty before Tyrion is sent in as Hand, it's established that she's not very good at actually wielding power.
1216	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-06-13	Ohwell, this was unavoidable, after all.Great episode, although I do think that they could've shown at least something of the two battles. The Whispering Wood was awesome in the book, and I don't think that would've been a big budgetary problem. Or at least show how they captured the Kingslayer, cause it's a bit fuzzy if you rely only on the episode.The Freys were awesome, and I really like the Twins. Across the Narrow Sea, Dany's scenes were great, Momoa kills it as Drogo, and Emilia is great, as always. She should have a bigger belly, though, being 8 months pregnant and all. She doesn't seem pregnant at all.Other than that, great episode. she looks pretty pregnant in the tent.
1217	MattTaz	2011-06-13	http://www.youtube.c...M&feature=feedu
oh man this review had me laughing so much LOL
Man what is it with Sean Bean, he keeps dying and my eyes keep tearing up even though
i know its gonna happen.
1218	CloudFlare	2011-06-13	There seemed to be much more music in this one, and it was good. Or was that just me? I wonder if the very tight timeline is why only this latest (and next?) episode have so much music.. or if it's simply a stylistic choice.There was more music, or/and it was better so it was more noticeable. In one of the scenes where Robb's army is riding out the music sounded great and really matched the mood of the scene. It reminded me of Star Wars music somehow.
1219	Tb0ne	2011-06-13	I can understand if there was even less emphasis on Tyrion's battle, as it far less important in the overall series but I really think it was a mistake not to find a way to show the Battle of Whispering Wood to a larger extent especially when considering how Robb will be presented to new viewers in following seasons. Two or three scenes would have been enough.1. Pre-battle - Late Sunset/Night : leading into the first attack with Robb leaving and Grey Wind following.2. Battle - Night: Longshot with Catelyn and her guard watching a large number of fire arrows being launched into the Lannister camp, we see some tents catching fire, some camp fires being snuffed out from a distance. The fire arrow thing wouldn't have cost a lot of money to do so I almost wonder if it was a lack of available time rather than a lack of budget. 3. Robb - Night:  Jaime cutting his way to Robb. It wouldn't have required showing an entire army, especially with careful framing of the shot and/or forest obscuring the size of the armies. Important scene to show given the consequences.Absolutely loved the addition of Arya clearly rushing through the crowd to kill Joffrey and or Ilyn Payne.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOoA1OtcNjM&feature=feeduoh man this review had me laughing so much LOLMan what is it with Sean Bean, he keeps dying and my eyes keep tearing up even thoughi know its gonna happen.That was pretty funny, I'll be interested to see what his reaction is to the King in the North scene.
					
					
							Edited by Tb0ne, 13 June 2011 - 04:15 AM.
1220	Lord of Oop North	2011-06-13	You all know nothing.
Do you really think that if any of the battles could have been done cheaply, that HBO would not have done them? Really? A battle would be a big ratings draw, and if it was cheap to do, then HBO would have done it. Period. I guarantee it.
1221	Ser Luke	2011-06-13	Two awesome battles and we didn't get to see one? I was hoping to get to see Jaime in action cutting down many before he was captured.  /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
1222	Morrigan	2011-06-13	we really donÂ<U+0092>t know much about her (though no doubt that in the future, GRRM will drop more nuggets of info about her that make TyrionÂ<U+0092>s murder of her seem even more justified. Honestly, GRRM seems to want to inspire readers to hate Shae more than any other character, possibly save Cersei.)Good gods, must you post that projection bullshit at every opportunity you get? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Although I don't like the Cersei AFFC plotline either, she mucks things up plenty before Tyrion is sent in as Hand, it's established that she's not very good at actually wielding power.No, no, she was this strong, brilliant schemer in the first books, and GRRM wanted us to hate her and realized it wasn't working well enough so he suddenly made her stupid for no reason in AFFC, don't you know that? I mean, nevermind the fact that her blunders are being held in check by Tyrion and Tywin, and that once they're gone she has free reign to do as she please and still behaves consistently and... ah, screw it, I can't even pretend to be so deliberately obtuse. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1223	The Demon of Darry	2011-06-13	I loved this episode. my favourite so far. i wasn't sure at first about the guy playing measter aemon, but the scene with jon was probably one of the best things iv'e ever seen on screen. it was amazing. and the final scene really couldn't have been better handled.
on another not - i am really bothered by the lack of the TOJ scene. not because it was super awsome, but because it's a critical plot point. in fact, the t.v show has nothing implying the whole R+L=J thing. i don't get how that can be.
1224	Eloisa	2011-06-13	Was more sold on the Dothraki this episode than any other, largely thanks to the bloodrider asserting himself (and perhaps not wrongly, because turns out he was right about the whole blood magic thing and it was his entire job to protect Drogo). But I was confused about the poltice and MMDs role in Drogo's wound festering. I mean, I know what the book says, but am not sure what I was supposed to infer from the show.IIRC in the book the explanation is given afterwards, so maybe we'll get it in the show's final episode?One thing I would like to see done well in addition to the battles would be the whole Red Wedding sequence. I want the slaughter in the hall and outside of it to look appropriately horrifying and brutal.I'd think this would be relatively easy as it mostly takes place in a confined internal space, and the outdoor bits could be done on a small geographical scale as well.  (Also, in the dark.)Well as people have complained time and again, there is a character problem with only telling us Jaime is a badass, and never showing it. The only time we get to see him be awesome is killing Jory, who was never established as much of anyone. So it would have helped his S3 story a LOT to be shown him slicing through a bunch of knights on his way to Robb. I hope they'll talk him up more to compensate, and I hope that will work to sell nonreaders on Jaime = badass.Entirely agreed.
1225	jellydonut	2011-06-13	Ser Jorah rules. That was epic. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1226	Decius	2011-06-13	Three words: Deep Space Nine.Television show, yet it managed massive CGI battles in the 90's of all times. Granted space combat is different, but money is no excuse when you have talented people working for you. http://www.youtube.c...h?v=MCm70favfYIUsing CGI to make spaceships and mechanical things look somewhat believable is relatively easy and cheap. Doing the same for organic things is a damn lot harder. Even the effects in Babylon 5, which are rather terrible, hold up well enough today. Compare that with CGI for animals or humans in other movies and series. Rome tried it, and it was completely and utterly terrible. If you don't have the budget to do it right, don't do it, and they didn't - the better decision in my opinion.
					
					
							Edited by Decius, 13 June 2011 - 05:19 AM.
1227	tarantella	2011-06-13	Have yet to watch the episode, but I don't mind them glossing over these particular battles - it's not like they're hugely decisive or important aside from Jaime being captured.
1228	Sidonie	2011-06-13	I can't believe no one's mentioned this yet in this thread, but the scene I found totally awesome was when Mirri Maaz Dur was working her blood magic in that tent. The SOUNDS they had coming from that tent were extremely creepy; it actually gave me chills.
1229	legba11	2011-06-13	My fiance still isn't speaking to me after Ned's death.    Great work on that scene, so well done.  I will have to watch the rest of the episode again to judge it.  I spent the whole time waiting for the last scene.
1230	Black Sheep	2011-06-13	What a strangely paced episode. There are scenes that had dragged (Tyrion, Bronn and Shae), scenes that have been entirely skipped (having Tyrion falling and losing his conscious was a really weak excuse to skip the battle, I can't imagine HBO couldn't come up with a clever way to show us some of this battle without raising the costs, were they just being lazy?) and scenes that were rushed (Dothraki story arc).
Maester Aemon is really a miscast, his delivery of lines irritates me to the death, and really distracted me from the emotional aspect of the scene (same is true for his scene with Tyrion and Mormont from way back).
The Battle of the Whispering Wood, which could be lifted directly from the book and still be hundred times better and more tense at minimal cost, was just another failure.
The only scene that stood out was off course the final scene (was GM Pycelle supposed to deliver speech, I think that the High Septon would be more fitting, but that's really minor). Cersei snapping at Joffrey and Varys rushing over to his side was really excellent.
1231	Greywolf2375	2011-06-13	How else do the kings clash, the swords storm, or the crows feast?Via politics, shadowbabies, tyrs of lys, the strangler...I'd much rather see Bronn's duel, Drogo's "i've all ready killed you" and Jorah v the blood rider a hundred times than 500 extras whacking away at each other.
1232	legba11	2011-06-13	I can't wait until Shae and Ros act out the battle at the ToJ.  Maybe next season.This made me laugh, thinking about the Monty Python "women" reanacting various battles.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=vMqSmiC_xHgJorah's fight was just great.  He ends it using the disdained metal dress against a foe who is not used to fighting an armored man.  Great stuff.
1233	Bahimiron	2011-06-13	Want to see a lot of rage from non-readers? Tumblr's got your fix! So good.Don't get me wrong -- good episode in the midst of a good series.  However, I *am* a bit bothered by changing the Targaryen family tree.  It wouldn't so much, except they eliminate a whole king -- a whole iteration in the Dynasty!  I call bullshit.There's the spergin' I was looking for!I don't get the changing the tree complaint at all. Why does it even matter? I didn't even notice the change till I came here and people were bitching about it.No one really complained until Ser Lord of House Caspen. Most people were just like 'hey, it's okay, makes it make sense, Aemon clearly isn't that old' etc etc. There's really no reason to assume that the folks who are running the show care about Jaehaerys. Like as not, George assured them it was fine and pruning the tree for the sake of a closer relationship was fine by him.
1234	Panjer	2011-06-13	Wow, I didn't expect to be emotionally touched by this episode the way I was, I loved it. The loss of battles was kind of a letdown but the last scene more than made up for it.
1235	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	Using CGI to make spaceships and mechanical things look somewhat believable is relatively easy and cheap. Doing the same for organic things is a damn lot harder. Even the effects in Babylon 5, which are rather terrible, hold up well enough today. Compare that with CGI for animals or humans in other movies and series. Rome tried it, and it was completely and utterly terrible. If you don't have the budget to do it right, don't do it, and they didn't - the better decision in my opinion.It definitely makes sense that an organic looking large scale battle would have been utterly costly or done poorly without a strong budgetary allocation to it.  However, that doesn't mean that you can't convey a real sense of the battle or not.  This episode really didn't touch upon the anxiety, fear, anticipation, and crazed battle beserkerness that the book delves into when it probably could have to at least a minimal extent.  It would have been great to have depicted the battle from a Tyrion POV, that is a POV that simply could not get a glimpse of the whole battlefield for very obvious reasons.  Viewers could have gotten a sense of the craziness that the book went into; such things as having to form up behind Ser Gregor, charging amidst the clansmen toward undefined enemies, and seeing some firsthand bloodshed (mace to the arm, helm spike killing horse) would have been riveting, even from a relatively slighted perspective.  Plus Peter Dinklage is awesome and having him get his hands bloody in battle would have been great to see.  In the book, Tyrion actually manages to fight in this battle, although he does so underhandedly.  It's a serious point for Tyrion's development, one which certainly makes his sortie during the battle of King's Landing a feasible undertaking for him.  It's Tyrion's first step into what is really a realm belonging only to Jaime and Tywin, that Tyrion previously had absolutely no claim to. In that sense it also sets up the bolder Tyrion we see in King's Landing during A Clash Of Kings.  Also through a carefully slighted perspective, the whispering wood also could have been depicted to some extent.  Nothing too intensive of course but some lead up to the battle would have been great (i.e. Robb giving orders for a secretive and tactical deployment or seeing the kingslayer with his smaller group of riders charging into the area).  In the books, we only witness the battle from Catelyn's 3rd person perspective, so this would have been accurate as well.  The book portrayal lacked the firsthand excitement of Tyrion's battle, yet it was still tense and a bit nerve racking.  Perhaps seeing the first signs of a charge, and then a cut back to Tyrion, and then back to Robb's victory would have increased the overall excitement/tension, and given a portrayal more accurate to that of the book.  Despite what I'm pointing out as shortcomings per my perspective, the last scene made this episode one of the best and most memorable moments of TV I have witnessed.  Having read the book twice thus far, I knew what was coming, but I still wasn't ready for the weight of the scene.  Amazing acting, cinematography, writing, visuals, and sound came together to form something greater than their whole.  What was essentially added from the book (namely Ned noticing Arya) added much more weight to the scene.
1236	Xanderpanda	2011-06-13	All the people claiming the battles couldn't have been somewhat shown are forgetting previous cable shows that have shown such things as pointed out by myself and other in the battle thread. Showtime has had numerous shows with epic and well done TV battle shots particularly in 'The Tudors' and more recently 'The Borgias' which the last 2-3 episodes this season had many large sweeping shots of armies done really well. HBO could easily show a few shots at the very least to show case the scale of the battles and armies taking place in this war. No one is expecting a sprawling epic fight scene that goes for 15-20 minutes like Gladiator, Troy, LotR etc but to say that a TV show can't achieve worthy battle scenes on screen in this day in age is down right wrong. Funny thing two is both The Tudors and Borgias and many of the other shows that have achieved these battles on screen have had budgets a few million per episode short of what HBO has given Game of Thrones yet they can't even throw in a few seconds of sweeping armies to drum up the severity of the coming war.
					
					
							Edited by Xanderpanda, 13 June 2011 - 06:45 AM.
1237	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-13	Want to see a lot of rage from non-readers? Tumblr's got your fix! So good.Some of those were so hilarious! Like this.It's actually nice to see so much devotion for the show. I think it's gotten bigger than I ever imagined it would.
1238	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-13	I agree with whoever said the pacing was a bit odd in this episode. There were a few scenes that felt like they could have been split up (e.g. the blood magic scene) though maybe that would have messed things up chronologically. is she a whore? I watched the scene and i couldn't say for sure she is. bronn says he found her with someone. not a whore house. She doesn't accept direct payment. she says she's not low born. she drinks and then fucks Tyrion. now forget the books and what you know. just the scene and if you beleve shae when she plays the game when she says she's not low born. it's not like tyrion is a virgin. so again im not saying he can marry her. based on just the scene is she definetly a whore or just a camp girl. or who knows what?? just saying.Tyrion offers her lots of gold if she'll hang out and screw him; she immediately gets naked. There's definitely room to argue she's a prostitute. But I think you're right, they're making her status more ambiguous - probably so that viewers will be more sympathetic to Tyrion later on when he totally deludes himself about the nature of their relationship.There was more music, or/and it was better so it was more noticeable. In one of the scenes where Robb's army is riding out the music sounded great and really matched the mood of the scene. It reminded me of Star Wars music somehow.It made it seem rather poignant /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I'd like to see more of this.
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA©, 13 June 2011 - 07:04 AM.
1239	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-13	I just want to point out that the E artilce makes a very bold claim that GoT was "As we discuss in our producers interview, this is probably the first time a U.S. drama series has ever killed off its main character in the first season as part of its master creative plan."I beg to differ: Deadwood killed off Wild Bill Hicock after the fourth episode which has to qualify as a major "WTF!?!?!?" moment in TV where the main character was killed off so abruptly (Episode 3/4 IIRC).Wild Bill wasn't the main character in Deadwood.  He was passing through and was known historically to have been killed around the time he was in the show.  In this instance, keeping him alive would've been the "WTF" moment.
1240	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-13	What the hell? Where was Tyrion's battle, getting all involved with the spiky helm? What the hell! 
HBO moment, Bronn almost having a threesome with Shae and Tyrion!
Knocked out with a warhammer? pfhh...
No Wispering Wood! Fuck that.
I have been in love with this show since its inception. 
The only thing bringing me back to the fold is the Sept.
That was well done, but in my mind the scene was far grander.
1241	mashiara	2011-06-13	Oh Ned... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Even knowing exactly what was coming I still found myself crying.
The rest doesn't matter, that final scene was so perfect that I can't believe people are still willing to nitpick and bitch about them not showing us the battles.
1242	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-13	The only thing bringing me back to the fold is the Sept.That was well done, but in my mind the scene was far grander.It wasn't exactly how I pictured it but I think it's kinda fair enough that they didn't build an actual crystal Sept of Baelor with its huge marble courtyard looming above the crowd /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> That scene was so, so well done.Oh Arya :'( Maisie Williams is amazing.I remain unbelievably impressed with this series.
1243	EdenShade	2011-06-13	But doesn't Ned try to say something after Joffrey's pronouncement and quickly get silenced? I think that's how it was in the books. Makes sense; if he's going to kill you anyway you might as well try to shout out about the incest. I guess they wanted him to die in a measure of peace in order to soften the blow.  To me, it's even worse that he didn't say/attempt to say anything. The lie is really what makes this scene unbearable. I can't remember if he tried to speak in the book,  but I wish they would have suggested to the assembled crowd that it wasn't the truth.
1244	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-13	The show is a visual depiction of Westeros. It's already shown that it doesn't conform to the POV only standard because its shown additional Renly, Loras, Cersei scenes etc. Arguing that the battle happens off screen is weak. And to say that battles don't matter over character development is ignoring the fact that war plays a significant role in the series."There's a war coming Ned"- Robert Baratheon.No it doesn't.  I think the looks of near-to-tears relief on Cat's face tells exactly how dangerous the battle was.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Sweeney, 13 June 2011 - 07:26 AM.
1245	Panjer	2011-06-13	If you watch his live watching tv blog, as the credits roll he gets up and walks off camera and you can hear him banging stuff in the background.Is there a link to that saved for posterity? I'd love to see that! xD
1246	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-13	What a strangely paced episode. There are scenes that had dragged (Tyrion, Bronn and Shae), scenes that have been entirely skipped (having Tyrion falling and losing his conscious was a really weak excuse to skip the battle, I can't imagine HBO couldn't come up with a clever way to show us some of this battle without raising the costs, were they just being lazy?) and scenes that were rushed (Dothraki story arc).Maester Aemon is really a miscast, his delivery of lines irritates me to the death, and really distracted me from the emotional aspect of the scene (same is true for his scene with Tyrion and Mormont from way back).The Battle of the Whispering Wood, which could be lifted directly from the book and still be hundred times better and more tense at minimal cost, was just another failure.The only scene that stood out was off course the final scene (was GM Pycelle supposed to deliver speech, I think that the High Septon would be more fitting, but that's really minor). Cersei snapping at Joffrey and Varys rushing over to his side was really excellent./lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  Yeah, Entourage and Big Love are ending and their direct competition with the other cable shows with a midieval tint is pretty much their flagship show and they did the Tyrion scene because they're lazy?  I swear, some of you have never seen how TV works before with some of the complaints/fixes you offer that are "better" than what the experienced team at HBO (with heavy guidance from GRRM himself) come up with.  Oh, for a show that got renewed for season 2 before the second episode aired no less.  Yeah, the guys at HBO suck and are lazy! /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1247	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-13	Battle scenes could have been shown from the Book PoV's, which means relatively small scale. The Lannister/Bolton battle was told basically with not much more than 10 people "on the page" at any one time. Tyrion's biggest moment came when he was on the ground and impaled the horse with his helmet then made the knight yield, so there wasn't even any need for horses. Start the charge, cut to another scene, then back for a bit of mid battle action with Tyrion...
Same with Whispering Woods, Cat had an obscured view of the battle (at night, but I can understand that night shoots are more of a pain or harder to do well) which means there's no need to big expansive (and expensive) shots. They could have filmed Catelyn seeing Jaime cutting through 5 or 6 people and almost getting to Robb to create a real sense of jeopardy and relief.
Minutes spent playing games with Shae were weird, took a long time getting around to the point of the scene, seemed a bit like a time filler which should not have been necessary.
Final scene great.
Dothraki scenes great, almost totally by the book, apart from Jorah's lack of significant injury. It was great showing that Jorah only won by good luck and skill-wise he was as outmatched as Jory was against Jaime.
I enjoyed the Wall, but that was all set up for next episode, so I hope the pay off lives up to expectation. 
I can't believe the ride is almost over and it's a whole year before we're visiting Westeros on screen again. I hope they get the Blu-ray out within 6 months and it has plenty of extra content. I'll have to really savour aDwD.
1248	Bahimiron	2011-06-13	To me, it's even worse that he didn't say/attempt to say anything. The lie is really what makes this scene unbearable. I can't remember if he tried to speak in the book,  but I wish they would have suggested to the assembled crowd that it wasn't the truth.Yes, the scene would have been improved by Ned shouting out that Joffrey's a bastard and then Ser Ilyn's blade being stopped just in time by Joffrey decding Ned should get to see Sansa executed before him. Ned's choosing love over honor, folks. That's kind of the point of Aemon asking Jon what Ned would do in, oh, the exact situation in which Ned finds himself. He doesn't know about Jaime or Robb's victories, so he must figure that his best bet for Sansa to stay safe as a hostage is for him to make the ultimate sacrifice.
1249	Daena the Defiant	2011-06-13	gods, that shit just never gets easier. poor Ned. we're eating chocolate ice cream and hugging the cats to recover. /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />brilliant episode.eww.....Oh wait, you said "hugging the cats" and "eating the ice cream."Otherwise, ya know, that would be rather weird.
1250	legba11	2011-06-13	Dothraki scenes great, almost totally by the book, apart from Jorah's lack of significant injury. It was great showing that Jorah only won by good luck and skill-wise he was as outmatched as Jory was against Jaime.Jorah didn't win by luck, he knew his opponent didn't know how to fight an armored opponent (and his weapon is ill-suited for it).  They talked about this in Ep 3?  He trapped his sword in his armor in what would have been a fight ending shot against a non-armoed foe.
1251	lacuna	2011-06-13	Personally, I'd rather have a second season (and more) than one costly and ultimately flawed battle scene. Honestly, I can't think of any battle scene from any movie or show as good as GRRMs descriptions of war in the books. If you have a choice between B-grade material and not putting it in at all, I prefer the second option. Maybe unless you need filler,* which I think we could all agree that this show does not.*And have a few extra million dollars lying around.
1252	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-13	Personally, I'd rather have a second season (and more) than one costly and ultimately flawed battle scene. Honestly, I can't think of any battle scene from any movie or show as good as GRRMs descriptions of war in the books. If you have a choice between B-grade material and not putting it in at all, I prefer the second option. Maybe unless you need filler,* which I think we could all agree that this show does not.*And have a few extra million dollars lying around.With the exception of the Blackwater, most of the battles in the series would be a waste of resources. The story can be told just as efficiently without paying a few hundred extras to have at each other for a couple of minutes. Despite the fact that battles are totally cool.
1253	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-13	The episode was pretty good, but not one of the best so far (not as good as episode 8), in my opinion.Cool:Good direction and editing. The film had a better flow and pacing than many of the other episodes so far. There was only one scene that seemed out of place from a pacing perspective (see below)Many good dialogue scenes, with one exception (see below).Catelyn's visit to Walder Frey. After reading the book I had the impression that he was an older guy with a very strong libido, and the filmmakers didn't fail to convey that impression in this episode (the way he squeezed that young girl's buttocks and the way he kissed Catelyn's hand).Dany's scenes. I wasn't too excited by Emilia in the first part of the season, but she's getting better, and in this episode I think she was really good.Ned's beheading. This scene probably had the strongest emotional impact of any scene in the series so far, at least in my opinion. It was sad to see Ned's reaction as he caught a final glimpse of his daughter Arya. I think this was a nice emotional touch, because I don't remember this happening in the book. Sean Bean has been one of the finest actors in GOT and he was just great in this scene.Maisie was really good, I think. She showed her character's more vulnerable side as Arya begged for food in Flea Bottom. She didn't have many lines, but her facial expression said everything when she saw her father being brought before Joffrey to await his 'justice'. It's one of the things that makes Maisie such a good actor I think, she's a very expressive face but at the same time her reactions don't seem stiff, forced or unnatural.Not so cool:The drinking game scene with Shae. I think the scene was way too long and ruined some of the nice rhythm of this episode. It didn't help that much that the dialogue was rather boring. I had the impression that the writers were thinking "Ok, we need to tell the story of how Jamie set Tyrion up with Tysha, and Tyrion's 'arranged' marriage. Hmm, let's try this angle: We start with a drinking game which then segues over to Tyrion revealing his story about Tysha." I just felt that the drinking game angle didn't work. I believe the writing also changed Shae's personality a bit compared to the character in the book, although I think this is far less serious than the pacing issues.No onscreen battles. After reading interviews with the producers about how they wanted the battles to look better than those in Rome, and mentioning two battles specifically (Battle of the Green Fork was one of them), I was rather disappointed to see that they only showed the aftermath of the battle. Granted, in the book Tyrion and his men fell behind (he was leading the left wing) and Tyrion didn't see the main battle himself (I also seem to remember that he was hit in the shoulder and fell unconscious), but not giving the viewers more than glimpses from the aftermath was a bit disappointing (but when I think of it, the preview should've been a warning, because there were no battle footage there, and HBO would probably have included it if they had shot some battle scenes). I guess they ran into budgetary issues/challenges and decided to not shoot the battle, after all. Or they might have decided to spend the money on another and more important battle later. I was just hoping we'd see at least one battle in the first season. Perhaps we'll get to see a major battle in the last episode? (I'm not sure which one that'll be, though)Tyrion gets knocked out (by accident) by one of his own men?! Was this some kind of 'excuse' for not showing (any part of) the battle? As far as I can remember, Tyrion fought relatively well in that battle, and he was certainly not knocked out even before the battle started. I think this looks rather stupid, regardless of whether you've read the books or not. I think it would've been much better to simply cut the scene before Tyrion gets knocked down. The next scene would show him wounded on a litter (just like in the TV show). We don't get to see how he was injured, but I think that's better than showing him being run down by accident (people who've read the book will assume he was wounded in the battle itself, just like in the book), and it would also suggest that he fought bravely in battle. It's not a major issue for me, but I think it was unnecessary and it looked stupid.
1254	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-13	battle of actium (big fleet battle) in hbo's rome was completely skipped to the end to a rowboat and some bloodied soldiers.the battle of blackwater would be really cool to see on screen, i hope it makes it, just saying though, it would probably cost too much to make it look good.BTW, this wasn't intentional. My understanding is they WANTED to devote an entire season to the outing of Anthony and Cleopatra and have a battle scene but when the show got cancelled mid-season they had to do some furious re-writes and ended up eliminating the battle.
1255	GoTreviews	2011-06-13	While I do understand the logistics in cutting a battle, it saddens me to see Tyrion miss his big fight. After all he does somewhat impress Tywin in the books... and that's something, especially for Tyrion. Between that and the gold coin for Tysha missing, I feel like a lot is left out about Tyrion.
Other than that, it's been said a thousand times already but man, what a final scene.
edit: oh, also bothering, the bit about Mirri and the baby. She watches Dany's belly in a pretty obvious way, but then the fact that Dany comes to the tent seems completely random. I mean, going in that tent, with those screams, instead of forcing the usual Dothraki women to deliver the baby? That seemed wrong.
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 13 June 2011 - 08:45 AM.
1256	damian	2011-06-13	apparently shae's big secret is the actress playing her used to be a porn star
1257	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-13	While I do understand the logistics in cutting a battle, it saddens me to see Tyrion miss his big fight. After all he does somewhat impress Tywin in the books... and that's something, especially for Tyrion. Between that and the gold coin for Tysha missing, I feel like a lot is left out about Tyrion.Other than that, it's been said a thousand times already but man, what a final scene.edit: oh, also bothering, the bit about Mirri and the baby. She watches Dany's belly in a pretty obvious way, but then the fact that Dany comes to the tent seems completely random. I mean, going in that tent, with those screams, instead of forcing the usual Dothraki women to deliver the baby? That seemed wrong.So run around the big open chaotic camp searching for midwives then forcing them by sword point to deliver the baby while Dany is wounded, unconscious, and possibly dying? I'm not saying it was the right thing to do but it was the closest of two bad options. Despite that, and the fact that I got why Jorah did thatfrom watching the show but I can see how people would be confused.
1258	Ser Aardvark	2011-06-13	double post
					
					
							Edited by Ser Aardvark, 13 June 2011 - 09:03 AM.
1259	Lannister Fan	2011-06-13	Amazing ep. I find I am liking Varys and Jorah alot more in the show, since they are portrayed a bit more sympathetically. Ned's execution was even better then the book, I was really surprised by this one. I am enjoying having Robb as a POV character. It's easy to nit pick about many things but HBO are doing a fine job and I am impressed.
1260	MountainThatRides	2011-06-13	With the exception of the Blackwater, most of the battles in the series would be a waste of resources. The story can be told just as efficiently without paying a few hundred extras to have at each other for a couple of minutes. Despite the fact that battles are totally cool.Of course you're correct in that showing every battle in full detail would be a waste. I can understand why they are forced to make decisions on what to spend their money on, but this book series is about a war, or multiple wars. It's a medieval story about a dynastic power struggle with many competing factions, intrigues and betrayals -- there's politics and there's character development, yes, but the violence is also crucial. In this case it's not violence for the sake of violence, as we are delivered regularly in most Hollywood productions, but the sort of conflict that services the plot. Regardless, the way they handled the battles in "Baelor" is probably the best approach when shooting the battle itself is monetarily unfeasible.The Green Fork was important because it showcased the tactical abilities on both sides: Robb's strategic choice in splitting his forces and in giving Roose command of the infantry; Roose's shrewd command that saved his host from annihilation; Tywin's consummate skill in achieving victory against the northern army. Bolton had a chance at winning, but Tywin smashed him and made it look so casual -- the sort of attitude reminiscent of Edward Longshanks at Falkirk in Braveheart. Beyond this, there's also the intimate perspective of Tyrion trapped in the chaos of battle, despite being a rather lackluster warrior, and managing not only to survive but to distinguish himself through cleverness and a bit of dumb luck. So even this "minor" battle has import, not that I'm saying they needed to depict it. I'm just defending the complaint.Both battles, especially the Whispering Wood, might have been doable if they focused on one single character or group of characters, which is basically how it was written. The Green Fork followed Tyrion, slogging it out in the mud and blood, and the Whispering Wood was barely visible anyway. Neither battle required huge, sweeping LotR-style shots to make them work. A lot of people attacked HBO's Rome for its battles, but I thought they were very well-done for television. Rome had an astronomical budget, but it was mostly spent on the filming itself, due to the high cost of shooting in Italy; the first episode's battle against the Gauls was intimate, following Pullo and Vorenus, and though it felt real and impressive it wasn't grandiose in any way. My consolation is that there are much more important battles -- like the Blackwater, which they have to at least show part of. Davos and wildfire, and Tyrion leading his sortie, perhaps even Tywin and "Renly" coming up to take Stannis in the rear. It's not going to be like Helm's Deep (and perhaps that's a good thing), but I'm sure they'll do a good job. Plus, this series is rife with more manageable conflicts: plenty of great duels and smaller-scale fights (the Hound at the Inn, the Brotherhood without Banners, etc) which serve to show the violence of this world as well as a battle. Kudos on Dan & Dave for their choices, though. I thought they handled the omissions in the best possible way.
					
					
							Edited by MountainThatRides, 13 June 2011 - 09:09 AM.
1261	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	edit: oh, also bothering, the bit about Mirri and the baby. She watches Dany's belly in a pretty obvious way, but then the fact that Dany comes to the tent seems completely random. I mean, going in that tent, with those screams, instead of forcing the usual Dothraki women to deliver the baby? That seemed wrong.The way the TV Version presented it, yeah that tent would be the least logical place to go.  Jorah would be better off playing midwife himself than heading into that creepshow.  However in the book, only Dany seems to be able to tell that there is something overtly supernatural going on inside. The Dothraki just hear some foreign singing and chanting from a despicable Maegi.  It peeves them, but doesn't freak them out.  Dany, however is very freaked out and she tries in vain to plead not to carry her inside.  Overall it seems that the oddity in this scene comes from the difficulty of not being able to easily convey on screen that only Dany sees and hears weird stuff from the tent.  To continue the story, she has to go in and be affected by whats inside, so the TV version could not fore go this.  Nor could they make it feasible that no one else heard the unnatural sounds without some weird and pace killing cuts and POV shots.
1262	GoTreviews	2011-06-13	I don't think it was easy to do in any sort of way, but really, as it shown, the tent screams "DO NOT ENTER". On another subject, any one has any clue of Ned's last words before he got "Iced" ?
1263	Kalbear	2011-06-13	I was fine with the Green Fork. I really, really wish they had imparted how important and how huge a victory the Whispering Wood was. I was even okay with them not showing anything - though if there was a battle in the books they could have done for cheap, this was it - but I got the feeling that 'okay, Robb won, woohoo' but that was it. We didn't get the notion that Robb annihilated that host at almost no cost to himself. Hopefully next ep.
Otherwise really stellar ep. Liked this version of Shae as well; I don't think that I would want to watch a Ros-like whore for a ton of eps next season, but this one I would. I liked the drinking game, and I really liked Bronn in it.
1264	King Stannis I	2011-06-13	The series has been very good but somethings irk me:
1) No Tower of Joy Dream Sequence and no last thoughts from Ned about Jon
2) Sexposition Scenes -- Kind of weird that all of the stuff that viewers might think of as boring exposition has been filled in with gratuitous sex to make it interesting... Littlefinger's scene was the worst of the bunch.
3) Arya's First Kill
4) Tyrion knocked out before the battle
5) Tyrion not having the last go at Tysha in his story
#1 though I think is thing I missed the most. It is such a great scene in the book.
					
					
							Edited by King Stannis I, 13 June 2011 - 09:23 AM.
1265	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-06-13	I didn`t mind Tyrion being knocked out before the battle even started. To tell the truth, I think they managed to do the battles the best possible way without showing them.
The last scene was heartbreaking. The way Sean Bean has played there is just...wow!
Oh, and Walder Frey... /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1266	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	It's a medieval story about a dynastic power struggle with many competing factions, intrigues and betrayals -- there's politics and there's character development, yes, but the violence is also crucial. In this case it's not violence for the sake of violence, as we are delivered regularly in most Hollywood productions, but the sort of conflict that services the plot. Regardless, the way they handled the battles in "Baelor" is probably the best approach when shooting the battle itself is monetarily unfeasible.Both battles, especially the Whispering Wood, might have been doable if they focused on one single character or group of characters, which is basically how it was written. Nicely put Mountain, I agree with you wholeheartedly on you with this.  I think it is safe to assume that money was the deciding factor in the battle-shooting decisions.  Either there wasn't enough money to make it as awesome as the producers wanted or time (and hence money) was a deciding factor.  They really should have depicted more though.  Who knows, maybe we will get a flashback to the battles in the next episode.  The Whispering wood battle was told in a 3rd person recollection via Catelyn, who did not experience the battle firsthand.  I fear we have lost any showing Tyrion's fighting prowess, and the character is seeming more docile than in the book.  Recall the Mountain Clan fight on the way to the Eyrie and how Tyrion laid in to a few enemies with that battle axe in the books, whereas he only killed one guy haphazardly with a shield on TV.  His fighting style in the books is underhanded and not enough to stand up to any common knight one on one, but it shows his ability to make great use of the situation.  The helm spike through the horse for instance is almost hilarious, but nonetheless effective.  I wish we would have seen some of that.  Most importantly, we didn't see the development that Tyrion has through this battle.  He certainly seems to grow bolder after this battle in the books, largely because Tywin is impressed by his unit's success and not just his survival.  It sets him up for the moves he will be making in Kings Landing.  I wonder if the Tyrion that shows up in King's Landing on TV will be slightly less inclined to instantly depose of Slynt, Food poison his sis to get her out of the way, or lead a deft sortie in a seemingly losing battle.
1267	Caine	2011-06-13	I found this the second-worst episode of the season so far (Cripples, Bastards and Broken Things being the worst).  I really thought they nailed the ending.  I teared up a bit at the end even though I knew what was coming, and that's something that never happened to me while reading the books.  I think Ned's confession coupled with Arya's reaction (she just closes her eyes) really was shot magnificently for maximum shock and sadness value. 
Put me down as one who was disappointed we didn't see any of the battle at Whispering Wood.  Too many times, GRRM has the thrust of major events occurring off-screen.  Later, we're privy to characters' reactions and then descriptions of the event.  I really wished the tv series would change this one thing about GRRM's writing.  I so badly wanted to see that battle.  The siege of Riverrun, Jaime falling into Robb's trap, Jaime cutting down 10 men and many Karstarks, etc., anything.
The infodump scene with Tyrion, Bronn and Shae seemed out of place.  It was boring and killed any pacing the series seemed to have built.  My wife noted she didn't remember this scene and if the Tysha backstory is all that important right now.  I didn't think so anyway.  More infodump scenes up at the Wall too where nothing much happened either.  I did like the scene was Walder Frey, but for some reason I imagined him smaller and more senile than we see on screen.  I also imagined Walder Frey's court a lot bigger.  Reading this scene in the book for the first time, I distinctly remember laughing.  Not so in the tv series.
1268	Abaddon	2011-06-13	It was great showing that Jorah only won by good luck and skill-wise he was as outmatched as Jory was against Jaime.I took something different from that.  I think Jorah won because he was armored, and his Dothraki opponent (forget who it was) has obviously never seen anyone in armor fight before.  Jorah, conversely, has seen a lot of Dothraki fights and this gives him a huge strategic advantage.  The strike where he traps the arakh (sp?) of his opponent would have killed an unarmored man.
1269	damian	2011-06-13	I took something different from that.  I think Jorah won because he was armored, and his Dothraki opponent (forget who it was) has obviously never seen anyone in armor fight before.  Jorah, conversely, has seen a lot of Dothraki fights and this gives him a huge strategic advantage.  The strike where he traps the arakh (sp?) of his opponent would have killed an unarmored man.that was my take too
1270	The Human Abstract	2011-06-13	With the exception of the Blackwater, most of the battles in the series would be a waste of resources. The story can be told just as efficiently without paying a few hundred extras to have at each other for a couple of minutes. Despite the fact that battles are totally cool.All you have to do is show a couple of characters fighting in "zoomed in" fashion, with a couple characters background fighting.  They show characters melee fighting every show.  I don't see why they would need some epic "Gladiator" style shot.  Just a little taste of it would have been fine.
1271	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	So prior to losing his hand, Jaime will have been fought to a draw( before his guard made it look like he was going to lose by interfering) by an old non-active non-knight, seen captured in a battle against a boy, and beaten to a pulp by a girl? Is anyone going to believe he is even slightly dangerous in the series?
1272	MountainThatRides	2011-06-13	I took something different from that.  I think Jorah won because he was armored, and his Dothraki opponent (forget who it was) has obviously never seen anyone in armor fight before.  Jorah, conversely, has seen a lot of Dothraki fights and this gives him a huge strategic advantage.  The strike where he traps the arakh (sp?) of his opponent would have killed an unarmored man.It's also telling of how a Dothraki on foot would not stand a chance against a knight of Westeros. The Dothraki are famous for their horsemanship -- and the use of mounted bowmen -- and the arakh is essentially a saber. It's made to deliver sweeping arcs from horseback on unarmored targets. Its use is very narrow, as opposed to a knight's longsword, which is a multipurpose weapon.The Dothraki, even on foot, are certainly still dangerous, and had Jorah made a misstep, that arakh might have taken his head off. Armor makes a huge difference though, and Jorah wasn't even wearing gorget and helm. In a battle between a Westerosi army and a Dothraki khalasar, you have to imagine that the feudal levies (peasants, men-at-arms) would be fodder. Ordered ranks of pike, however, would stand up as they are specifically designed to counter mounted opponents. Beyond the infantry, the knights overmatch Dothraki in all but numbers. They're both elite, trained mounted warriors; certainly Dothraki are probably better horsemen, but not by a staggering margin. I don't see the Dothraki being able to reel and charge against armored lances -- each contact would be far more detrimental to them. This is pretty off-topic, but Jorah crushed that guy and it snaps into focus the fact that the Dothraki, while fearsome, are not the be-all, end-all warriors. I don't remember by how much they outnumbered the Unsullied at Qohor, but they get mangled by discipline.
1273	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-13	I took something different from that.  I think Jorah won because he was armored, and his Dothraki opponent (forget who it was) has obviously never seen anyone in armor fight before.  Jorah, conversely, has seen a lot of Dothraki fights and this gives him a huge strategic advantage.  The strike where he traps the arakh (sp?) of his opponent would have killed an unarmored man.I'm of the same opinion as you and it was foreshadowed by the talk Jorah had with Rakharo earlier in the season, and also somewhat in how Syrio describes the knight's dance. Jorah didn't have the speed and technique of Qotho but he had knowledge and experience in the differences of their styles and could therefor be more effective. It all has done a great job of portraying Jorah as living on being a thinking and realistic warrior that can often make up for lack of talent compared to the best.
1274	Quoth	2011-06-13	Wait. Wait! WAIT ONE DAMN SECOND! No Tower of Joy scene???!!! And the debate is about how big this or that  battle should be shown?!  Or about some added in info dump drinking game? ToJ, besides being one of the most badass scenes in the book with some of the best lines, contains HUGE hints about Jon's parents, or so we've been arguing the past.... I dunno... decades? How will this crucial plot angle possibly be presented now? Unless, you know, who Jon's parents are is of no consequence at all and we've been in a gigantic circle jerk all this time. GRRRRRRR!!!!!!
1275	DonalNoye	2011-06-13	I actually understand leaving that out. You'd have to cast Howland Reed, who hasn't even appeared in the books yet.
1276	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-13	Wait. Wait! WAIT ONE DAMN SECOND! No Tower of Joy scene???!!! And the debate is about how big this or that  battle should be shown?!  Or about some added in info dump drinking game? ToJ, besides being one of the most badass scenes in the book with some of the best lines, contains HUGE hints about Jon's parents, or so we've been arguing the past.... I dunno... decades? How will this crucial plot angle possibly be presented now? Unless, you know, who Jon's parents are is of no consequence at all and we've been in a gigantic circle jerk all this time. GRRRRRRR!!!!!!Well, after the first two episodes some people were complaining that the show made the mystery of Jon's mother too obvious so it's hard to please everyone. They have already presented the problem and the ToJ scene does not solve it, it's just one of the several hints. The actual solution is yet to come and it will at the very earliest come in the fifth book. I don't see any problem for them to reveal that in season 5 or later.I actually understand leaving that out. You'd have to cast Howland Reed, who hasn't even appeared in the books yet.Not to mention that if they show some actual combat (which is probably necessary if they did show the scene) they'd have to make it clear exactly how Howland helped Eddard, which is something that's intentionally been left vague in the books (with the warging, poisons etc being various theories).
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 13 June 2011 - 09:57 AM.
1277	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-13	It's also telling of how a Dothraki on foot would not stand a chance against a knight of Westeros. The Dothraki are famous for their horsemanship -- and the use of mounted bowmen -- and the arakh is essentially a saber. It's made to deliver sweeping arcs from horseback on unarmored targets. Its use is very narrow, as opposed to a knight's longsword, which is a multipurpose weapon.The Dothraki, even on foot, are certainly still dangerous, and had Jorah made a misstep, that arakh might have taken his head off. Armor makes a huge difference though, and Jorah wasn't even wearing gorget and helm. In a battle between a Westerosi army and a Dothraki khalasar, you have to imagine that the feudal levies (peasants, men-at-arms) would be fodder. Ordered ranks of pike, however, would stand up as they are specifically designed to counter mounted opponents. Beyond the infantry, the knights overmatch Dothraki in all but numbers. They're both elite, trained mounted warriors; certainly Dothraki are probably better horsemen, but not by a staggering margin. I don't see the Dothraki being able to reel and charge against armored lances -- each contact would be far more detrimental to them. This is pretty off-topic, but Jorah crushed that guy and it snaps into focus the fact that the Dothraki, while fearsome, are not the be-all, end-all warriors. I don't remember by how much they outnumbered the Unsullied at Qohor, but they get mangled by discipline.How they would do would also greatly depend on how much the Dothraki relied on mounted archers. We do know that it's part of their military knowledge, although not to what extent it's used.
1278	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-13	WAIT ONE DAMN SECOND! No Tower of Joy scene???!!! And the debate is about how big this or that  battle should be shown?!  Or about some added in info dump drinking game? ToJ, besides being one of the most badass scenes in the book with some of the best linesCertainly is one of the most intriguing scenes in the books, but we not dealing with the books.  Having a TOJ scene would confuse the utter hell out of non book reading viewers while also really messing with the pacing of the episode.  This episode was very very dense as it stands, and extra scene in a different time and in a completely different place would have been detrimental.  Plus there's the added budgetary needs for a TOJ scene (flying to shoot location, CGI for the tower and sword of morning, costumes, props, casting Howland Reed 5-6 seasons before he may appear again, etc).  It's completely unrealistic to expect this scene now, however the battle scenes were quite crucial to the entertainment value as well as story arc and character development.
1279	cdawnb	2011-06-13	Count me in as one who somewhat liked what they did with the Shea character.  She seems more well rounded than the book Shea who acted like a spoiled child, not an experienced whore. I am willing to give them a chance to develop the character further.  I wasn't totally thrilled with the drinking game though.
The battle scenes? I am kind of torn on this. It would have been nice to see some from Tyrion's perspective but it would have been worse if the scenes came off as cheesy because of budget concerns.  One thing they could have done is have him ride off with his men and then the next time we see him would be when he is in the cart. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> 
Loved Dani and the sounds coming out of the tent during the spell casting.  Lots of shivers and goose bumps during that scene.  I always wondered if Jorah hadn't taken her into the tent would her son have survived?
The Jon/Ameon scene was perfect. I wasn't that up on the actor they choose to play Ameon in the first place, but he nailed it here.  I don't mind that they shortened the genealogy at all.
Loved the look on Cat's face when she saw Robb riding up.  As a mother of a son close to that age it was easy for me to relate to what she was feeling.  Robb's speech was very well written and acted  
And Ned?  Well, what can you say?  Sad, sick, and sorry with a feeling of betrayal that slammed you right in the gut and kept pushing until the very last shot with the birds flying away.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1280	The Human Abstract	2011-06-13	I actually liked the drinking game, enjoyed the acting, and thought it was a nice way of getting around the lack of internal monologue.
1281	Brewmaster	2011-06-13	Some people have complained that they're not being true to Bronn's character. Since we've all read the books, we know that Tyrion always tried to keep his relationships with both Bronn and Shae in perspective, but was also know that he often forgot (certainly more with Shae than with Bronn.) However, the TV show can't just throw the script into italics and have Tyrion tell us all what he's thinking, as we see often in the books. I thinkt he show will make up for this by having scenes like this, where we warm to both Shae and Bronn (not always together in the same scene, obviously), but often they will throw in a line or two that reminds us what the real dynamic is in those relationships. Bronn mentions he was north of the Wall for work. Not intrique, not friendship, but work. He's a sellsword, and that's why he's drinking with Tyrion, because Tyrion signs his paychecks.And really, even if they never again mention that Shae is a whore and have us all fall in love with her, or if they make Bronn out to be Tyrion's closest friend, all that will do is make their betrayal of Tyrion that much more appetizing.Bronn basically was Tyrion's closest friend in the books. He never betrayed Tyrion, in the end he just wouldn't face the Mountain in single combat. He never forgot who he was, a mercenary, but they did genuinely develop a fondness for each other and he says as much in their last conversation together. He wants Tyrion to survive the trial, he's just not going to go up against the Mountain, or cross Cersei / Tywin who at that point are much more powerful than Tyrion.
1282	ZombieWife	2011-06-13	Not all women look alike pregnant.  My daughter is built like Dany and at 9 months she wasn't even that big looking and still had a 6lb 11oz completely healthy baby.My thoughts exactly.  I knew a woman who had a small frame and never looked more than 4 months pregnant.  She delivered a 6lb baby.  Women are built different and carry differently.
1283	Lannes	2011-06-13	I think a prefectly acceptable (and affordable) way to do the first battle would have been to tightly focus on Tyrion, in effect his POV, and the confusing shrinking focus that comabt becomes. Most who have fought will tell you they can't tell you a thing about what happened 10 feet away from them, much less sweeping, grand panoramas of battle.
Whispering Wood could have been done the same way, but at slightly higher cost.
1284	King Stannis I	2011-06-13	Wait. Wait! WAIT ONE DAMN SECOND! No Tower of Joy scene???!!! And the debate is about how big this or that  battle should be shown?!  Or about some added in info dump drinking game? ToJ, besides being one of the most badass scenes in the book with some of the best lines, contains HUGE hints about Jon's parents, or so we've been arguing the past.... I dunno... decades? How will this crucial plot angle possibly be presented now? Unless, you know, who Jon's parents are is of no consequence at all and we've been in a gigantic circle jerk all this time. GRRRRRRR!!!!!!Agree and if filmed properly with shadows as Ned's knights and quick glimpses of the Kingsguard, the "bed of blood," "Promise me, Ned" and blue roses the mystery of R + L = J could be introduced.
1285	The Human Abstract	2011-06-13	I think a prefectly acceptable (and affordable) way to do the first battle would have been to tightly focus on Tyrion, in effect his POV, and the confusing shrinking focus that comabt becomes. Most who have fought will tell you they can't tell you a thing about what happened 10 feet away from them, much less sweeping, grand panoramas of battle.Whispering Wood could have been done the same way, but at slightly higher cost.Felt the same way.  I actually thought the reason they didn't do it was time.  Because truth be told it's totally do-able.  But, there was only about an hour and a half of the season left and lots to cover.
1286	Brewmaster	2011-06-13	on another not - i am really bothered by the lack of the TOJ scene. not because it was super awsome, but because it's a critical plot point. in fact, the t.v show has nothing implying the whole R+L=J thing. i don't get how that can be.In the unspoiled book readers thread over at TWOP there are plenty of people that believe in R+L=J already, so I would say you are wrong about that.With that said, I would never put the Tower of Joy in the series either. Also, as much as I believe it to be the case, without knowing how the books unfold none of us really even know if it IS a critical plot point yet. The writers however, having gotten the low down on how things unfold from GRRM, do.
1287	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	I was talking about the perspective of the northerners (not Tywin); I believe they were under the impression that it was feasible to defeat Tywin's army, but they clearly would not have thought that if they had only 2,000 men. Also, I just remembered the specifics and Robb took all his cavalry across the Twins to the Whispering Wood and gave Roose Bolton his infantry for the Battle of the Green Fork. This means that Roose Bolton actually would have had more soldiers total (but no cavalry) for the Battle of the Green Fork, meaning he did have a shot at defeating the Lannister army. So yeah, I'm really questioning the decision for them to give the Green Fork army only 2,000 men. I think this is a severe inconsistency with Robb's character (both in the show and in the book).Robb didnt really want for Bolton to atack Tywin. When Robb and Cat are discussing who should command the infantry RobbÂ´s first idea is to choose the Greatjon, but Cat reminds him that Greatjon would probabily head right on and atack Tywin unnecessarily. That is why they choose Bolton: because he would be able to follow the plan.Now, that may be exactly what Bolton did. He did lose against Tywin but his army remained mostly intact, unlike JaimeÂ´s which was almost completely routed. I think Bolton managed to fight Tywin briefily and then retreated in an ordely fashion.Its very important that besides the few archers at the Neck BoltonÂ´s army was about everything that kept people from invading the North. That is why it was so important the army didnt die. Also its weird to think Robb would be able to acomplish that with only 2.000 soldiers.The problem is that in the show they gave Jaime 30.000 soldiers. I doubt Robb would be able to destroy that with only his horse + Frey reinforcements.
1288	aegor_storm	2011-06-13	Larry did not take it well! NSFW Languagehttp://www.youtube.c...player_embedded
(Hope it wasn't posted earlier here)
Edit: Shoot there was a whole thread for this... Delete!
					
					
							Edited by aegor_storm, 13 June 2011 - 10:58 AM.
1289	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-13	Subject:  Shae.  =DI love her.I love the change.The change is good.Shae in the show is better than Shae in the books.Shae in the books was a common whore.  There was no reason for Tyrion to be more impressed by her than anyone else.  She was hot, super nice, and fucked him bunches.  Just like every other whore in Westeros.  But, for some reason, Tyrion took a liking to her, and fell in love with her to the point of craziness.Shae in the show is something different.  She's foreign, yes, but she's also a challenge.  She doesn't just smile and call Tyrion her giant of Lannister or whatever.  She doesn't seem as mindless to me.  She engages him, intellectually.  To me, it seems much more realistic for a woman like this to impress a poon-hound like Tyrion.  She's different and interesting and yes, she has small boobies, but I'll forgive her for that.I liked that drinking game scene.  :3It made me happy.  And it wasn't in the books.  :3Take that, purists.  =DYou forgot that Shae also remembered him of Tysha, one major character in his life which was also the love of his life.Also Shae was not a regular whore, she was a beauty and was totaly TyrionÂ´s type.
1290	Brewmaster	2011-06-13	So prior to losing his hand, Jaime will have been fought to a draw( before his guard made it look like he was going to lose by interfering) by an old non-active non-knight, seen captured in a battle against a boy, and beaten to a pulp by a girl? Is anyone going to believe he is even slightly dangerous in the series?Jaime escapes from captivity mid Clash of Kings. There are no POV characters with him, but it will likely be on screen next season, with so much Jaime lacking.
1291	Myrish swan	2011-06-13	Although I don't like the Cersei AFFC plotline either, she mucks things up plenty before Tyrion is sent in as Hand, it's established that she's not very good at actually wielding power.Yes, but after Tyrion arrives, she is perfectly willing to listen to the wise advice of those around her (Tyrion and LF) and is intelligent enough to see when they are in the right and follow their course of action. Furthermore, every stupid thing she does in the first three books (especially the first two) is done in the heat of the moment, driven by emotions. (She is actually quite intelligent and shrewd when not driven by desperation or her emotions, as numerous, highly intelligent people-- Varys, and even Tyrion-- point out. (However, this was all before people at fan events started telling GRRM they genuinely liked Cersei, and he knew that if he was going to get people to hate Cersei every bit as much as he hated her  erm, ahem, as she should be hated, then SOMETHING WOULD HAVE TO BE DONE.) Furthermore, when her impulsive, emotionally driven mistakes are pointed out as stupid, she has the sense to abandon them. In contrast, in AFFC, her numerous idiotic mistakes are not impulsive or emotionally driven-- they are the result of long, elaboratly planned schemes. (This has nothing to do with the Cersei of the first three books, however, it is a damn good way to make her look like a moron!) Furthermore, people around her constantly point out the stupidity of her plans, but she fails to quickly recognize the fact that they are right, as she did in the first three books. And the fact that "Cersei is paranoid, and there's no one she can trust!"-- so frequently cited when arguing that Cersei's actions here are totally in character-- is a pathetic argument. In ACoK, she does not particularly trust LF-- and she fears and loathes Tyrion. Yet she listens to them both, and follows their advice, since she can see that it is sensible. Yet in AFFC, roughly 30 people give her sensible advice-- which she ignores. And just to rub in the fact that Cersei is STUPID and is a woman who is getting above herself, GRRM has nearly all of those giving Cersei advice be male. And, very often, males who have been noted in the past to be either average or even slightly dim. Kevan, so intellectually inferior to Tyrion, is smarter than Cersei; Lord Merryweather the lousy ex-hand is smarter than Cersei; Pycelle the old fool is smarter than Cersei; Jaime 10 times smarter than Cersei; the oaf Mace Tyrell is smarter than Cersei; sixteen year old impulsive fighter Loras Tyrell is smarter than Cersei;  seven year old Tommen is smarter than Cersei, etc.
1292	Myrish swan	2011-06-13	Good gods, must you post that projection bullshit at every opportunity you get? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Must you post blatant insults disguised as arguments every chance you get? Seriously, your arguments are so rude without the advantages of being compelling, original, thought provoking, or even funny, it's almost a loss to read each and every one. Though the sheer simplemindedness of them combined with the utter self confidence is almost hilarious. Almost. No, no, she was this strong, brilliant schemer in the first booksNever part of my argument. But I'm guessing that the fine points of argument and discussion are...not really your thing, to say the least.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />  I can't even pretend to be so deliberately obtuse. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />There's really no need for pretending.
1293	Ghost of Crackclaw	2011-06-13	I think this episode will go extremely well when viewed in Throne-ageddon--so much was happening that the details we groan about will fade away in the galloping pace the last three episodes.
Throne-ageddon, you ask? Why, only watching all 9 previous episodes back to back, timing it to fold right into the finale /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> 
Who's with me?!  /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />
1294	Lokhtar	2011-06-13	People who are clamoring for ToJ don't realize that MANY of the important details about that scene are still shrouded in mystery which would be both confusing and difficult to portray on screen unless they want to ruin a whole bunch of secrets.  We don't know some of the things that happened, and it makes sense they'd get rid of it.  A book is not a television screen people.
1295	modehead	2011-06-13	Man, Larry's responses are great.
I love watching the reactions of non-readers who love the show.
1296	Xanrn	2011-06-13	Ahh the salty tears of R+L=J fans, how lovely.
R+L=J is a crappy crappy cliche and the less we have to see of it the better.
Its bad enough with Dany Ex Machina without adding the "lost Royal" to the mix.
1297	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	Jaime escapes from captivity mid Clash of Kings. There are no POV characters with him, but it will likely be on screen next season, with so much Jaime lacking.I'd like it if they do, but I worry they won't- I assumed they'd show Whispering wood from at least a couple of PoV perspectives given that the reason we don't see it in the book is because we don't have any PoVs who fought in it in that book whilst here we have an omniscient 3rd person point of view. Plus it is a good chance to show some action (not giving a character who is going to die soon a fight scene because the actor was whining) and focus on Jaime, like they seem to want to do, without having to create new scenarios.Given that aCoK is more packed and definitely more action packed that AGoT, how will they fit an extra scene that would cost just as much as WW abridged would have? And if they did, the difference between cutting down armed knights and nearly turning around an inevitable loss by yourself by killing the opposite general, and killing a couple of guards as you take them unaware in a failed escape, is pretty different. Not to mention they should have had both happen. Jaime's fight with Brienne is meant to highlight how underrated she has been and lead us into believing her as an action character. Now, because we have no evidence (and a fair bit of negative evidence) that Jaime can fight, and no PoV or memories or any other chance to realistically show this, all it will do is redefine Jaime as the guy who lost to a girl, then apparently losing the ability to fight is meant to trigger a huge change in his character and approach?!It has annoyed me the most by far out if all decisions made in this series because it all really stems from a pointless decision to make canonically average Ned his equal in that swordfight that they invented. It was so shortsighted and yet managed to be so character derailing (Ned being able to fight like that even detracts from his other values ffs) that it makes multiple character reactions in the next 3 books ridiculous. And this battle was the only chance to make up for it. Other than that I like the series but that omission genuinely nearly ruined it for me
1298	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	Jaime escapes from captivity mid Clash of Kings. There are no POV characters with him, but it will likely be on screen next season, with so much Jaime lacking.I'd like it if they do, but I worry they won't- I assumed they'd show Whispering wood from at least a couple of PoV perspectives given that the reason we don't see it in the book is because we don't have any PoVs who fought in it in that book whilst here we have an omniscient 3rd person point of view. Plus it is a good chance to show some action (not giving a character who is going to die soon a fight scene because the actor was whining) and focus on Jaime, like they seem to want to do, without having to create new scenarios.Given that aCoK is more packed and definitely more action packed that AGoT, how will they fit an extra scene that would cost just as much as WW abridged would have? And if they did, the difference between cutting down armed knights and nearly turning around an inevitable loss by yourself by killing the opposite general, and killing a couple of guards as you take them unaware in a failed escape, is pretty different. Not to mention they should have had both happen. Jaime's fight with Brienne is meant to highlight how underrated she has been and lead us into believing her as an action character. Now, because we have no evidence (and a fair bit of negative evidence) that Jaime can fight, and no PoV or memories or any other chance to realistically show this, all it will do is redefine Jaime as the guy who lost to a girl, then apparently losing the ability to fight is meant to trigger a huge change in his character and approach?!It has annoyed me the most by far out if all decisions made in this series because it all really stems from a pointless decision to make canonically average Ned his equal in that swordfight that they invented. It was so shortsighted and yet managed to be so character derailing (Ned being able to fight like that even detracts from his other values ffs) that it makes multiple character reactions in the next 3 books ridiculous. And this battle was the only chance to make up for it. Other than that I like the series but that omission genuinely nearly ruined it for me
1299	Dihm	2011-06-13	Didn't care for the lack of the battles at first, but I quickly got over it.  Certainly didn't care for the METHOD in which the Green Fork was avoided.  All that bluster from Shagga demanding that Tyrion fight with them and before they even reached the battlefield the half-man is trampled into what looked like a pile of horse excrement.  They didn't seem to care about their "insurance policy" for payment of services.
Also didn't care for the lack of context and explanation of what the hell was going on for non-readers.  Wife was totally confused with the Robb/Jaime scene.
The Jorah/Bloodrider fight was fun.  At first, knowing the books, I assumed that Jorah had been caught under the breastplate and badly wounded.  Guess not.  Not that it really makes a difference, but him fighting through a bad injury (with his survivability uncertain) made him more impressive than using his fancy metal dress to win.  He's waaay more sympathetic in the TV show, I actually like him here.  Good "family" resemblance to the Lord Commander to boot.
My wife asked, after much swearing and gaping of mouth, "Drogo lives at least right?  The magic ritual saves him?  They can't kill off all the characters I like right?"  "Yep!  MMD saves him, he lives!"  I'm an evil bastard.
1300	MrDoog	2011-06-13	I see a lot of comments saying that the battle scenes weren't essential and i'd partially agree, but just a few points.
- The whole season thusfar has been a steady build up to this war. The anticipation has been built up beautifully all season, key figures captured, armies mobilised and marching all leading up to.... Drinking games. IMO showing at least parts of a battle scene would be a good way of relieving a situation that's boiled up like a pressure cooker for 8 previous episodes.
- Developing the characters & plot is more important. Okay fair enough but it's important in the books we see that Tyrion fights bravely, albeit reluctantly. The way he was portrayed last night made him look more like Moon boy, getting trampelled by the men who HE pays? Was getting knocked out by his own man supposed to be funny? 
- The battle of Whispering Wood was poorly done IMO. Not that they didn't show fighting, but that they didn't convey what a great victory Robb has just won. This battle is frequently alluded to in the series as one of Robb's most successful moments but when non-readers look back on it they'll probably just think of Jaime getting dragged from a forest and about 20 or 30 northmen cheering.
To those saying "Well so long as they do the Blackwater right" or "Well GRRM is writing the Blackwater so this won't happen again" I'm not sure what you mean. 
	Spoiler  If budget constraints mean they can't hire 60 or 70 extras to yell and wave swords for 2 or 3 minutes then how are they going to show hundreds or even a dozen galleys and ships getting burned, smashed and sunk. How are they going to show a battle with tens of thousands on either side, with massive trebuchets and a burning bloody river. 

On another subject it seems like the direwolves are practically getting written out of this series. I'm sure it's very difficult to film with the animals and i'm not expecting to see them ripping throats every episode but I thought Grey Wind could at least be in view while Robb's in shot, even if he's just sitting there just so viewers are reminded of them since they do play a major role.
1301	brian_177	2011-06-13	battle of actium (big fleet battle) in hbo's rome was completely skipped to the end to a rowboat and some bloodied soldiers.the battle of blackwater would be really cool to see on screen, i hope it makes it, just saying though, it would probably cost too much to make it look good.ROME didn't have as high a budget as Game of Thrones S1 did, but just like Game of Thrones, the important part about that scene wasn't the fact that a big naval battle happened, but that Cleopatra took her portion of the fleet and fled, and that Mark Antony ran after her.The important part about these battles isn't the battles, it's the stuff that happens leading up to them and the stuff after. It's Tyrion being sent to die in the Vanguard, it's Jaime being captured, Cat waiting for Robb but having no way to gauge how the battle is going, etc.As for the Blackwater, seeing how fast Game of Thrones got it's second season, and seeing how well season one has continued to go since then, we could see a bigger budget for Season 2. Even if it doesn't get a big budget than Season 1, a huge amount of the work that cost them big money for Season 1 won't have to be spend for 2. Props are already in place, major casting has already occured (for the most part), many set pieces are already built and need only be put back up, costumes have already been made... and every bit of that stuff that doesn't require as much money this time around means more money for a huge computerized battle.
1302	Brewmaster	2011-06-13	I'd like it if they do, but I worry they won't- I assumed they'd show Whispering wood from at least a couple of PoV perspectives given that the reason we don't see it in the book is because we don't have any PoVs who fought in it in that book whilst here we have an omniscient 3rd person point of view. Plus it is a good chance to show some action (not giving a character who is going to die soon a fight scene because the actor was whining) and focus on Jaime, like they seem to want to do, without having to create new scenarios.Given that aCoK is more packed and definitely more action packed that AGoT, how will they fit an extra scene that would cost just as much as WW abridged would have?  Whispering Woods was a major Battle. Jaime's escape was with a small band of people. It will be shown. Its not nearly the same thing at all and certainly no where near in the ballpark of what the battle of WW would cost. Jaime and 5 guys escaping from a dungeon is not thousands of people in open battle.
1303	Fryie	2011-06-13	Maekar prounounced "Mike-ar". My pronounciation "may-kar" appears to have been wrong.    /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' />Ah so that's what it was?I had been wondering, since when has Mycah been a Targaryen king, lol. oO
1304	Ran	2011-06-13	brian_177,Rome had twice the budget, actually -- $100 million for the first season.
1305	Steel_Wind	2011-06-13	Re: Shae Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve  been thinking about the version of Shae we were presented with last night, and the more I think about it, the more I think Shae was miscast. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not that the actress is bad (far from it), but that she got the wrong part.We didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get Shae last night â<U+0080><U+0093> what we got was Lady Taena Merryweather and her Myrrish swamp masquerading as Shae.Shae was presented in the books as a simple farm girl, about 19-20 years old, short, large breasted and adorably cute, who was essentially a natural graduate role model for Lord Peter Baelishâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Graduate School of Advanced Prostitution. She SELLS her sexual interest and excitement so well to Tyrion that he comes to almost believe it. He knows better, but there is a part of him who wants the girlfriend experience to be real and falls for her.  Shae appears to be so innocent and uncomplicated â<U+0080><U+0093> and is such a good actress - that he buys it.This Shae is, otoh, not a cute-as-a-button-and-too-good-to-be-a-camp-follower. Tyrion didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t acquire a prostitute, a street walker, camp follower or even a mid-priced whore from Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing. Instead, he seems to have acquired Shae the Courtesan.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not the Shae that GRRM wrote â<U+0080><U+0093> not even close. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll have to see how well D&D do with her and what direction that they decide to take her character and how they develop Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s relationship with her. Whatever the case, Shae the Courtesan is clearly a new direction for one of the longer running minor characters in the show.   That Shae is not a scullery maid or a nobleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s chamber maid. If she is a good enough actress to pull it off, that should have been ringing bells like a a five alarm fire to Tyrion.I guess weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see how it all turns out, but that actress is playing Lady Taena â<U+0080><U+0093> not Shae.
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 13 June 2011 - 12:14 PM.
1306	Eponine	2011-06-13	Ahh the salty tears of R+L=J fans, how lovely.R+L=J is a crappy crappy cliche and the less we have to see of it the better.Its bad enough with Dany Ex Machina without adding the "lost Royal" to the mix. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Every episode that R+L!=J, I'm just happier and happier. ***Like others have said, it makes sense not to show large scale battles and I would rather see no battle than a crappy cheap battle. However, I think that Tyrion's inclusion in the fighting is an important part of his character development - both in earning a little of his father's respect (and while Tyrion would likely be fine with letting the rest of the world give him respect that he never earned, what he wants from his father is different), and in cementing camaraderie with Bronn and the mountain clans. Even though they're ultimately mercenaries who don't stay with him until the end, if the clans didn't see him as a leader on top of being an open pocketbook, he would never have been able to keep them in cooperation especially since they remain around KL for a good amount of time between battles. Turning him into a funny oops I got knocked out by my own men doesn't help that. ***I don't think there's any indication in the book that Shae is a particularly experienced whore who has had to use complex psychology on her clients. I like much more the characterization that she's naturally clever and decent at acting and develops a taste for luxury (her resistance to working in the kitchens and giving up her jewels) than that she's some mysterious whore of mystery.
1307	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	Re: Shae IÂ<U+0092>ve  been thinking about the version of Shae we were presented with last night, and the more I think about it, the more I think Shae was miscast. ItÂ<U+0092>s not that the actress is bad (far from it), but that she got the wrong part.We didnÂ<U+0092>t get Shae last night Â<U+0096> what we got was Lady Taena Merryweather and her Myrrish swamp masquerading as Shae.Shae was presented in the books as a simple farm girl, about 19-20 years old, short, large breasted and adorably cute, who was essentially a natural graduate role model for Lord Peter BaelishÂ<U+0092>s Graduate School of Advanced Prostitution. She SELLS her sexual interest and excitement so well to Tyrion that he comes to almost believe it. He knows better, but there is a part of him who wants the girlfriend experience to be real and falls for her.  Shae appears to be so innocent and uncomplicated Â<U+0096> and is such a good actress - that he buys it.This Shae is, otoh, not a cute-as-a-button-and-too-good-to-be-a-camp-follower. Tyrion didnÂ<U+0092>t acquire a prostitute, a street walker, camp follower or even a mid-priced whore from KingÂ<U+0092>s Landing. Instead, he seems to have acquired Shae the Courtesan.ThatÂ<U+0092>s not the Shae that GRRM wrote Â<U+0096> not even close. WeÂ<U+0092>ll have to see how well D&D do with her and what direction that they decide to take her character and how they develop TyrionÂ<U+0092>s relationship with her. Whatever the case, Shae the Courtesan is clearly a new direction for one of the longer running minor characters in the show.   That Shae is not a scullery maid or a nobleÂ<U+0092>s chamber maid. If she is a good enough actress to pull it off, that should have been ringing bells like a a five alarm fire to Tyrion.I guess weÂ<U+0092>ll see how it all turns out, but that actress is playing Lady Taena Â<U+0096> not Shae.I agree 100%. Except that I also thought the actress seemed shitty, though it was probably the fact that she was so miscast in the role of Shae.  That was NOT Shae. At all. Nothing like Shae in the books.  Shae is a fairly important character. Are we just going to change everything about her to turn this into a tv show.  They need to stick to their roots.  Change this actress before its too late
1308	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	ROME didn't have as high a budget as Game of Thrones S1 didActually Rome's budget was substantially larger than that of GoT, though its overhead was considerably higher given some of their production choices (mainly, the decision to film in Italy, which is crazy expensive).  Even so, of the three major battles that take place over the course of the series (Pharsalus, Philippi, and Actium), they only made an effort to show Philippi, which was a massive, ridiculously expensive and painstaking undertaking.  The results were good, but still not up to the par of what you get in an A-list movie.  Other shows that have attempted to depict full-scale battles have inevitably looked awful.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 13 June 2011 - 01:02 PM.
1309	brian_177	2011-06-13	Actually Rome's budget was substantially larger than that of GoT, though it's overhead was considerably higher given some of their production choices (mainly, the decision to film in Italy, which is crazy expensive).  Even so, of the three major battles that take place over the course of the series (Pharsalus, Philippi, and Actium), they only made an effort to show Philippi, which was a massive, ridiculously expensive and painstaking undertaking.  The results were good, but still not up to the par of what you get in an A-list movie.  Other shows that have attempted to depict full-scale battles have inevitably looked awful.My mistake, I was sure I read somewhere that GoT had the biggest budget in TV history.Either way, we're clearly in agreement about the cost of putting good battles on TV shows.
1310	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-13	How much does it cost to do a massive, full-scale battle in a movie? Some of the better ones I remember (Troy, Kingdom of Heaven) were big-budget films, but I don't know how much of that was actually spent on the special effects and battle sequences.
1311	Trebla	2011-06-13	Maybe season 2 of GoT can end like Rome did: jump from the Battle of the Blackwater to Dany defeating the Great Other with Lightbringer in one hand and her and Jon's child in the other. CGI BATTLES FTW!!!
1312	Rockroi	2011-06-13	Other shows that have attempted to depict full-scale battles have inevitably looked awful.Let me reiterate the obvious so that people can stop beating on the straw man: we are not discussing filming a large-scale battle a la Gaugamela in Oliver Stone's "Alexander" (an actually breath-taking scene in an otherwise POS movie); we are talking about just certain parts of the battle; much more like having a camera stick very close to Tyrion (or the Hound or whomever) and just seeing the action around them.  Yes, for long shots of trying to get the breath and scope of the whole battle field (ie: number of combatants) you CGI the hell out of that.  Otherwise, however, you simply keep the battle limited to what Tyrion or whomever can see and what they experience.  This idea that in order for me to enjoy The Battle of Blackwater Rush I need to see every detail of the battle is preposterous; I did not READ every detail of those battles - I just need some element that reminds me that battles are an important element of the story.I understand completely that they will need to re-think the progress of the Battle of Blackwater Rush- there is no way they could have the men fighting on the burning ships.  However, that does not mean you cannot get 75 guys together in some outfits and have them work out a passable battle scene.  I do not see why this was not attempted in the show for the Bolton v. Tywin battle.  Just have the battle encase what Tyrion can see and nothing more.  Cut out the extraneous stuff such as the Mountain slamming into the pike hedge-hog and just give the limits of the story.  That could actually work.  I would find it almost a parity of the story if instead of the battle we saw just reports on the battle (or even worse, what we saw last night).  Give us some element.  Yes, it will be hard, yes it will require work and yes it may cost more than that incredible dialog Roz has been posting up; but at the very least the books have battles that capture our imagination; the show should deliver on some element of that.
1313	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	I agree that book Shae != TV Shae, but for those that are calling for the actress's head, how important to the story do you really think it is that Shae be so naive and inexperienced as she is depicted in the books?  Shae isn't so much an important character as she is an important presence.  She's a device that gives Tyrion the weakness of thinking with the wrong head, of exposing his need to be loved and have that sexual connection and release.  The details of her personality don't really matter at all to the overall story.  People bitching about this are engaging in pedantic purism.
1314	Gnomestress	2011-06-13	They ruined Shae.   /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />  Tyrion enjoyed her for her wickedness.  The TV show's imposter Shae isn't wicked.  She's a potted plant with a lame accent.  There isn't enough thumbsdown in the world for this.  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  I didn't mind the "I've never" scene that much, mostly because my utter disgust for 'New-Shae' overrode the remainder of my feelings for that whole scene.  She is just horrid.
On the flip side, the tribesmen are dead on.  Trampling their own 'leader' fits too well really.  I didn't mind that change.  They probably reduced the battle scene with Tyrion due to budget concerns and possibly difficulty with physical mobility with the actor playing Tyrion.  Little people often have spinal problems so action scenes could be difficult.
I'm liking Robb more and more as the show goes on which is odd because he bored me to tears in the books.  "We're not doing it your way." Awesome.  And the stonefaced way he accepts marrying an ugly Frey lady he's never met is so very Stark.  Too bad he gives that up for a pretty face eventually...
They picked the right actor for Joffrey.  Well done on that part.
As he has throughout the TV show, Varys rocks my socks.  /wub.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> 
Seeing Jorah in action was awesome.  His fight scene followed by him carrying Dany into the scary ass tent shows his loyalty to her more than any of his dialog has thus far.  Kudos!
1315	Gnomestress	2011-06-13	I agree that book Shae != TV Shae, but for those that are calling for the actress's head, how important to the story do you really think it is that Shae be so naive and inexperienced as she is depicted in the books?  Shae isn't so much an important character as she is an important presence.  She's a device that gives Tyrion the weakness of thinking with the wrong head, of exposing his need to be loved and have that sexual connection and release.  The details of her personality don't really matter at all to the overall story.  People bitching about this are engaging in pedantic purism.(Apologizing in advance for posting twice in a row - didn't see this when I read my first post)Shae's "innocence" makes her something Tyrion wants to protect.  It also makes him trust her probably more than he should.  Her seemingly simple nature also makes her betrayal that much more shocking and adds a somewhat tragic note to her eventual death at Tyrion's hands.No one will be surprised when the mysterious accented courtesan version of Shae appears to testify against her former patron.
1316	Trinket	2011-06-13	First of all, the Ned scene was great. Very well done. Alot of good acting in this scene, not just from Joff but also from Arya, Ned and Sansa.
I also loved the scenes with Drogo and Dany, Jorah and Dany are both awesome, and the scene with maester Aemon was also very good. 
I wish the Freys had come across as more powerful, which they actually are, and not just an ugly bunch of perverts in a very small hall, but it didn't spoil too much for me. 
But I really, really hated Shae and everything surrounding the battle. Knocking Tyrion out before battle was downright bad. Really bad. Even if battles are expensive, there are so many more ways this could have been done better. 
The drinking game was silly, and Shae? I wouldn't keep her around even if she came for free. Very poor casting there, imo. Hated the accent, hated the whole "foreign" thing, didn't think she was pretty, and she was flat out bitchy while the book Shae has alot more charm to her.
1317	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-13	not so subtle how Mirri looked at Danys belly when she said "not your death".I totally picked up on that too! Love the little things for us readers /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1318	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-13	1, I don't remember Shae being such a bitch. And 2, show-Tyrion doesn't pay his gold for Tysha?!?! That's a pretty big change to that story...What do you mean, "Tyrion does't pay his gold for Tysha"?? Do you mean, Peter Dinklage omitted the part of the story where Tyrion also gives Tysha, a piece of SILVER to add insult to injury??
1319	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	Let me reiterate the obvious so that people can stop beating on the straw man: we are not discussing filming a large-scale battle a la Gaugamela in Oliver Stone's "Alexander" (an actually breath-taking scene in an otherwise POS movie); we are talking about just certain parts of the battle; much more like having a camera stick very close to Tyrion (or the Hound or whomever) and just seeing the action around them.What you go on to suggest would inevitably result in a completely disastrous train wreck of a scene.  To answer your question: can't be done.  Not in a way that results in coherent cinema, at least.  You can't do a battle in all-closeup.  It wouldn't make sense.  At the very least you need establishing and overview shots that show how the overall ebb and flow of the action is going (which Martin even allows for in the book, in respites from the action), the presence of which requires either a massive crowd or cgi capable of approximating one, which, once you've got, you might as well use to better effect in a more complete scene.All this armchair direction is tiresome.  It like listening to someone that knows nothing about anatomy asking "how hard could it really be to get half-pregnant?"
1320	oneeye	2011-06-13	I really like Jorah a lot more in the tv show. Wouldn't even mind if they change how he ends up, though GRRM might have something else in mind for him.
I guess all the tower of Joy stuff will be revealed when Theon goes home and becomes a main character.
I also guess more will be revealed on Rhaegar, Robert, Ned and Lyanna, when John finds out he's a Targ ;p
1321	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-13	yeah i felt a little cheated on the battles. i would have liked to see the green fork. i've never nitpicked about the cast but shae just looks all wrong to me. but overall a pretty good episode. the ending was great imo.also, for the season finale preview they showed the greatjon yelling "king in the north!" god. damn. it. hbo. why don't we just show the dragons while we're at it. Why is that reveal a "spoiler"?? Now that Ned is dead, isn't that a safe assumption (as a nonreader/viewer)??
1322	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-06-13	Hahahaha, if only this was to happen...Haven't been all the way through this thread yet, but I was also over at TWoP, and THIS had me rolling: "Re: Robb, I cheered inside my head when Robb brought back a bloodied Jaime. Now that they've killed Ned, as far as I'm concerned, hit Cersei where it hurts the most, kill Jaime and send his pretty boy head back to KL on a pyke with a little note that says, "Dear King Joffrey, This is a Daddygram, stop. Winter IS Coming you fucktard, stop. Good luck with the White Walkers and their giant Spider Horses, stop. Love, House Stark, stop." Then show up with the zombonie brigade and let them eat Joff's for lunch. At this point that would make me happy."
1323	Mad Sweeney	2011-06-13	I think this episode will go extremely well when viewed in Throne-ageddon--so much was happening that the details we groan about will fade away in the galloping pace the last three episodes.Throne-ageddon, you ask? Why, only watching all 9 previous episodes back to back, timing it to fold right into the finale /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Who's with me?!  /communist.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':commie:' />That's not a bad idea.  I had planned on watching them all a few weeks after the finale, but if I don't pick up any more work for the week then I may take this suggestion!  Good idea, thought the withdrawal might be more severe!
1324	The Human Abstract	2011-06-13	What you go on to suggest would inevitably result in a completely disastrous train wreck of a scene.  To answer your question: can't be done.  Not in a way that results in coherent cinema, at least.  You can't do a battle in all-closeup.  It wouldn't make sense.  At the very least you need establishing and overview shots that show how the overall ebb and flow of the action is going (which Martin even allows for in the book, in respites from the action), the presence of which requires either a massive crowd or cgi capable of approximating one, which, once you've got, you might as well use to better effect in a more complete scene.Nonsense.  Of course you can.  And the overall ebb and flow of the action is unnecessary.
1325	Eponine	2011-06-13	I agree that book Shae != TV Shae, but for those that are calling for the actress's head, how important to the story do you really think it is that Shae be so naive and inexperienced as she is depicted in the books?  Shae isn't so much an important character as she is an important presence.  She's a device that gives Tyrion the weakness of thinking with the wrong head, of exposing his need to be loved and have that sexual connection and release.  The details of her personality don't really matter at all to the overall story.  People bitching about this are engaging in pedantic purism.For me, it's more about chemistry than getting every last detail exactly like the book. The actress could fail to look and behave as I'd envisioned book Shae, yet have such instant chemistry with and allure for Tyrion that it wiped away all the differences. (For example, when I first saw the casting for Lysa, I thought oh that's not right, but she captured the essence of a fairly minor character while looking quite different from the book description). IMO, for Shae to work, we need to be able to be able to deceive ourselves with Tyrion. It would be theoretically possible to do this with a Shae who acted more courtesan and less naive camp follower, although it still wouldn't be a change I'd welcome. But what I'm not feeling here is any chemistry - any reason for Tyrion to put aside his distrust and get so totally caught up in his self-deception. After all, he's had many other whores, alluded to both in the show and the books. I don't feel like he's captivated by her presence, charmed by her, seeing in her the memory of being in love. I don't feel like she's drawing him in, pretending to be pleased by him, offering him an escape. And if I the viewer don't feel it, why should I believe that Tyrion does?
1326	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	(Apologizing in advance for posting twice in a row - didn't see this when I read my first post)Shae's "innocence" makes her something Tyrion wants to protect.  It also makes him trust her probably more than he should.  Her seemingly simple nature also makes her betrayal that much more shocking and adds a somewhat tragic note to her eventual death at Tyrion's hands.No one will be surprised when the mysterious accented courtesan version of Shae appears to testify against her former patron.This is a fairly substantial mischaracterization both of Shae and of Tyrion IMO.  Shae didn't really fool Tyrion with the whole "I'm innocent" act - in fact, it's easy to argue that it's as much her impertinence as it is her "innocence" that turns him on.  Her innocent act doesn't fool Tyrion on an intellectual level so much as it makes him appreciate the effort and engage him on a level that bypasses his higher centers of thought.Shae has a wide range of roles she plays, from the innocent maid act (that you seem to have latched onto) to times in Book 2 where she goes full-bore seductress, every bit as exotic and untouchable as she appears in her introduction in the show (which clearly seems to be the direction D&D have taken with her character).  Saying that one of these acts and not any of the others is why Tyrion is attracted to her is dismissive to both characters.
1327	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	I agree that book Shae != TV Shae, but for those that are calling for the actress's head, how important to the story do you really think it is that Shae be so naive and inexperienced as she is depicted in the books?  Shae isn't so much an important character as she is an important presence.  She's a device that gives Tyrion the weakness of thinking with the wrong head, of exposing his need to be loved and have that sexual connection and release.  The details of her personality don't really matter at all to the overall story.  People bitching about this are engaging in pedantic purism.You can call it what you want but the fact is that this Shae is not GRRM's shae.  And the fact that a lot of people on here do not like the change is expected.  I dont think it helped that they changed EVERYTHING about her. Shae is a fairly important character to Tyrions character development in the next couple books.  So i guess to me, I think its important that they portray Shae like she was in the books.  So yeah, I hope they axe the actress.
1328	The Sand Snake	2011-06-13	Double Post. Sorry. God I hate whatever's messing with this forum today
					
					
							Edited by The Sand Snake, 13 June 2011 - 02:08 PM.
1329	The Human Abstract	2011-06-13	Shae was completely unexpected and different, but I don't really care.  I think they'll pull it off with the new actress in another way.
1330	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	We did get some nice R+L teasing though- I hadn't realised how Aemon's what is honour speech could be construed before. Was the "brother's smile" line in the book?
1331	Morrigan	2011-06-13	To me, it's even worse that he didn't say/attempt to say anything. The lie is really what makes this scene unbearable. I can't remember if he tried to speak in the book,  but I wish they would have suggested to the assembled crowd that it wasn't the truth.Yeah, it's the fact that he will go down in history as a traitor who tried to usurp his king's throne that saddens me the most. So unfair. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Must you post blatant insultsOh ho. disguised as arguments every chance you get? Seriously, your arguments are so rude without the advantages of being compelling, original, thought provoking, or even funny, it's almost a loss to read each and every one. Though the sheer simplemindedness of them combined with the utter self confidence is almost hilarious. Almost.Hypocrite much? /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />The fact is, you ARE projecting motives on the author. And it's tiring and obnoxious. And you're blatantly wrong, but that's almost tangential.Shae was presented in the books as a simple farm girl, about 19-20 years old, short, large small breasted and adorably cute, who was essentially a natural graduate role model for Lord Peter BaelishÂ<U+0092>s Graduate School of Advanced Prostitution. She SELLS her sexual interest and excitement so well to Tyrion that he comes to almost believe it. He knows better, but there is a part of him who wants the girlfriend experience to be real and falls for her.  Shae appears to be so innocent and uncomplicated Â<U+0096> and is such a good actress - that he buys it.This Shae is, otoh, not a cute-as-a-button-and-too-good-to-be-a-camp-follower. Tyrion didnÂ<U+0092>t acquire a prostitute, a street walker, camp follower or even a mid-priced whore from KingÂ<U+0092>s Landing. Instead, he seems to have acquired Shae the Courtesan.ThatÂ<U+0092>s not the Shae that GRRM wrote Â<U+0096> not even close. WeÂ<U+0092>ll have to see how well D&D do with her and what direction that they decide to take her character and how they develop TyrionÂ<U+0092>s relationship with her. Whatever the case, Shae the Courtesan is clearly a new direction for one of the longer running minor characters in the show.   That Shae is not a scullery maid or a nobleÂ<U+0092>s chamber maid. If she is a good enough actress to pull it off, that should have been ringing bells like a a five alarm fire to Tyrion.Agreed, with the minor correction above. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> As someone else said, it won't come as a surprise whatsoever when she testifies against him in S3, unless they soften her up a bit in the meantime. She was just an insolent little bitch. Shae showed some insolence sometimes, but it was more the witty kind of insolence that Tyrion appreciates, not the pouty, bitchy kind. Meh. Once again the writers think they can write better characters than GRRM... *shakes head*
1332	legba11	2011-06-13	BTW, EW.com has it's own Game of Thrones page, with a direct link on the top of their front page.  That's a big deal.
1333	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	For me, it's more about chemistry than getting every last detail exactly like the book. The actress could fail to look and behave as I'd envisioned book Shae, yet have such instant chemistry with and allure for Tyrion that it wiped away all the differences. (For example, when I first saw the casting for Lysa, I thought oh that's not right, but she captured the essence of a fairly minor character while looking quite different from the book description). IMO, for Shae to work, we need to be able to be able to deceive ourselves with Tyrion. It would be theoretically possible to do this with a Shae who acted more courtesan and less naive camp follower, although it still wouldn't be a change I'd welcome. But what I'm not feeling here is any chemistry - any reason for Tyrion to put aside his distrust and get so totally caught up in his self-deception. After all, he's had many other whores, alluded to both in the show and the books. I don't feel like he's captivated by her presence, charmed by her, seeing in her the memory of being in love. I don't feel like she's drawing him in, pretending to be pleased by him, offering him an escape. And if I the viewer don't feel it, why should I believe that Tyrion does?Read the first encounter between the two in the first book again.  I don't have the books with me at the moment (on a business trip), but isn't the first thing she says to him along the lines of "My mother named me Shae.  Men call me ... often."  She's totally playing the exotic role we see in the series, truth be told.  It's not until after she's been with him the once and is able to detect his vulnerability that she goes Full Innocent on him, probably calculating that that was the best way to manipulate him.  So I think it'll be interesting to see where D&D go with this, and see if they don't transition her from the exotic courtesan that she's projecting in their initial meeting to the more scared and innocent girl that craves Tyrion's protection and care.  More than anything in the books she is depicted as someone who adjusts the personality she projects based on what she believes Tyrion wants to hear, and does it very convincingly.  Just because she hasn't done that in the, what, five minutes we've seen with her, doesn't mean all hope is lost that the character develops into someone that fits into your mold of someone that Tyrion could conceivably drop his guard around.For the time being, her impertinence represents enough of a challenge to Tyrion that I have no trouble buying into his continued interest in her.  His falling in love with her takes considerably more time.
1334	apt54	2011-06-13	Long time lurker, first time poster. I joined specifically to post my displeasure with this episode. 1/10. I'm never watching this show again. They butcher two important and relatively small scale battles compared to the future battles in the series. If they're gonna do this to small scale battles then I might as well quit watching right now because I don't want to watch a terrible Blackwater episode. I might as well not set myself up for disapointment. I didn't even get to enjoy Ned's death because I was fuming about that the fact that I got screwed out of two major battles. I can't believe they pulled a Rome on me. This is even worse then when they had a seven episode build-up of a fight between Pompey and Caesar and then just show the aftermath. You just lost yourself a viewer HBO. EDIT: Thanks for the useless time wasting Tyrion "guess what" scene.Yes, I can see how entire HBO is panicking and calling their banne... erm emergency meetings over losing one viewer.sulking over a TV show... grow up kid.Totally agree with you mate. I didn't expect them to show Whispering Wood, thought they might show Jaime cutting down a few Northmen just to give him some air-time but the way they completely distorted the other battle was just awful. It made Tyrion look like an incompetent oaf, deprived of us a pretty exciting scene which I enjoyed in the books and like you said, this battle was small potatoes compared to what's ahead. Maybe budgetary constraints? Well if they'd just followed Tyrions contribution to the battle for a couple minutes showing the tribemen fighting it wouldn't have been that costly. Also, if I hadn't read the series i'd have no idea what the significance of those two battles was. The friend I was watching with was clueless that Riverun's siege had just been lifted not to mention the predicament now facing Tywin's half of the Lannister army which is effectively cut-off. IMO this particular episode simply didn't do the book any justice.Just to add, Not only did my mate (who hasn't read the series) not know Riverun's siege had just been lifted, he didn't know it was besieged in the first place.....  But at least he knows that Bronn's dad beat him and that Shae doesn't like it when Tyrion talks about her parents!If you had not been a reader you would not understand the significance of 18,000 men annihilating 30,000? wow, dude... you're awesome.And Tywin's predicament is to be discussed later. Unless your are a maniacal stalker type of a fan (as the fellow I quoted above) you wouldn't care for such minor details
1335	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	double post
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 13 June 2011 - 02:24 PM.
1336	Eponine	2011-06-13	I get what you're saying, but my problem is more the chemistry between the two actors instead of the way they are supposed to be acting. Even if she totally changes the way that she acts around him, even from the beginning it would have made a lot more sense for there to be some attraction and fascination from him that I just didn't see. At all.
Also, I don't consider Shae's first book lines to be at all exotic, merely coy and teasing. Self-depreciating even.
1337	RDKfromwesteros	2011-06-13	Does anyone beside me is curious about Eddard's last words. I mean he clearly says something, he mighty be just praying, but could'nt it be something important? After all, as far as i know the creators of the show have an idea of how all is going to end, right?
So anyone else is curious? 
Could'nt it be some speel Varys thot him to live been one with the Force and show up again in the last three book as some seethrough soul that... Ok now i am kind of crazy, but you guys know what i mean. XD
1338	Ser Greguh	2011-06-13	You can call it what you want but the fact is that this Shae is not GRRM's shae.  And the fact that a lot of people on here do not like the change is expected.  I dont think it helped that they changed EVERYTHING about her. Shae is a fairly important character to Tyrions character development in the next couple books.  So i guess to me, I think its important that they portray Shae like she was in the books.  So yeah, I hope they axe the actress.And like I said, this is nothing but pedantic purism.  "It's not exactly 100% like the books, therefore it sucks."  It's a tiresome and boring standpoint to argue from.  The point of an ADAPTATION is to rework a piece of art into a different format, while conforming to the logistical differences between the two mediums, not to attempt to copy everything 100% and hope that it translates perfectly.  It's not a bible.
1339	laughing tree knight	2011-06-13	I don't feel cheated not seeing the fight in the whispering wood. It would have been awesome. but for two things, 1 they've already shown us how they are shying away from horse ridden battles. (the change to neds fight vs kingslayer. and 2 with the absence of the Karstarks it would have been impossible to add those elements back into play in season 2 if the scene was shot. + In the book it's told from Cat's POV and she's not there. but for the BLACKWATER it better be in detail. It's told from multiple POV and takes up three or four chapters. DAVOS, TYRION, SANSA so it has to be done right.
					
					
							Edited by laughing tree knight, 13 June 2011 - 02:46 PM.
1340	FlipFantastic	2011-06-13	Im not upset about getting 'screwed' out of two battles, because i couldnt care less about the effects and whatever gore so many people crave.  This series is doing things like Showtimes The Tutors and playng the political maneuvering instead of battles, which is more interesting i think.  BUT, what i am disappointed in is that they did a poor job explaining to the crowd Rob's tactics.  I think the viewers needed another recap that Jaime has half the Lannister army outside of Riverrun, that the Twins were the key to getting there, and that the 2,000 man fight was a feign.  I really expected another table top map scene where Rob shows his cunning...  Sometimes you do have to be blunt in TV shows.  However over bluntness like the 'stay low' comment was stupid.
Maybe its just my tastes, but Shae is smoking hot.  Way hotter than the red haired floppy booby one and maybe rivals Dany's handmaid.  Something about the dark features, accent, and eyes.  Wow.  I like her character in the show and Tyrion respects her, for her bold'ness and the fact that right away she knew Tysha was a whore explaining that no girl would have sex a few hours after almost being raped.
1341	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-06-13	My guess is Old Nan, I think the woman playing her died a few months ago. I could be wrong.I'm still sticking with it being Marillion. He's the first one to get hit in the head with a rock when the hill tribes attack, and I haven't seen him around the Eyrie. Petyr's big scene could still be pulled off without him... Maybe...
1342	Aquaman43	2011-06-13	I have been reading this forum for a while, but never felt compelled to post. I have liked all the episodes thus far, some more than others. Going in I knew they would not be able to bring everything I liked in the books to the small screen. Watching the series with my wife and son, (neither have read the books) has made it even better. Last night they were worried about Drogo, asking me if he was going to die. My wife actually threatened me if I didn't tell he. I said, "sort of, but not right now." I wanted to tell them that Drogo dying was the least of their concerns. The look on their faces when Joffrey told Ser Illyn to bring him Ned's head was priceless. They were stunned to silence for the next 10 minutes.
1343	SerArthurHeath	2011-06-13	Felt the same way.  I actually thought the reason they didn't do it was time.  Because truth be told it's totally do-able.  But, there was only about an hour and a half of the season left and lots to cover.Is there really? Dragons, King in the North, Jon running away and coming back then the NW go across the wall, done, pretty much. Some stuff from early aCoK is possible, like a bit of Arya. A Bran PoV and an Sansa PoV. But it is not that full.
1344	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-13	whoops. We're over post-count. Closing this thread and will open another one.
1345	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-06	Preview for episode 9 is up:
[media]http://www.youtube.c...h?v=r4-xIfzxR80[/media]
AND WOW DOES IT LOOK EPIC!  
Seems like the Daenerys arc will advance all the way through the death of her child (doesn't Jorah look badass in his armor)?  Also Tyrion rallying the Mountain Clans!  AWESOME!  Robb at the Twins, too!  Lots of battles!  How do we think the battles will turn out?  I expect lots of fog for the whispering woods.
Aaand of course we all know what the last scene will be.
New viewers are going to be SO UPSET at the end of this episode!
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 07 June 2011 - 12:02 PM.
1346	BarrileteCosmico	2011-06-06	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=VwEQgMCmyeQ
1347	s0cKi	2011-06-07	http://www.youtube.c...h?v=VwEQgMCmyeQ
Is it going to be the best episode so far? Yes.
1348	Corvinus	2011-06-07	I think we are also going to see Jaime captured.
1349	modehead	2011-06-07	I think we are also going to see Jaime captured.Maybe not. We know what the last scene will be, and I think the capturing of Jamie (which also serves as Robb's first victory) would work better as an act of retribution? Maybe.Also, this won't leave us a lot of action for episode 10.
1350	TheEvilKing	2011-06-07	I think we'll see Jaime captured. Looks like the Whispering Woods will be in this ep.
This is how I see it going down - we follow Tyrion and Tywin, they head into battle at the Green Fork. Tyrion survives of course, and we see Tywin raging "There was only 5,000 of them! Where is Robb Stark?"
Cut to Whispering Wood.
Remind me - why is Jorah wearing his armour and looking ready to fight?
The Dothraki scenes should be very powerful in these next two eps. Zombie Drogo!
1351	paddydubh	2011-06-07	I believe that might be Jaime bound and being pushed over at around 28 seconds on the youtube preview. So it looks like we will be seeing his capture and the Whispering wood.
1352	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-07	Remind me - why is Jorah wearing his armour and looking ready to fight?My guess is defending Dany from ambitious wannabe Khals looking to seize power following Drogo's turn for the worse.  I believe she was in some danger at one point from such a situation and he defended her.  Even if not, it's a plausible idea for the show.
1353	Asarlai	2011-06-07	I believe that might be Jaime bound and being pushed over at around 28 seconds on the youtube preview. So it looks like we will be seeing his capture and the Whispering wood.I paused it to check. The hair looks almost exactly the same, though his face is blurry.
1354	Huan	2011-06-07	I believe that might be Jaime bound and being pushed over at around 28 seconds on the youtube preview. So it looks like we will be seeing his capture and the Whispering wood.I paused it to check. The hair looks almost exactly the same, though his face is blurry.I thought the same thing, although the armor does not look right. The color looks more Stark than Lannister. Maybe just the lighting in the clip.
1355	Huan	2011-06-07	I just noticed that at 29-30" in the scene where MMD says "only death pays for life," Dany looks a lot more pregnant than she did in Episode 8. Also there's a horse "on standby" at Khal Drogo's bedside. Yikes! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> 
In the preview, Robb says "If I'm going to lead this army I can't have have other men doing my bargaining for me." Does this mean the venerable Lord Frey will be making an appearance in this episode? 
Can't wait to hear Lord Tywin say, "They. Have. My. Son."
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 07 June 2011 - 10:44 AM.
1356	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	I think we'll see Jaime captured. Looks like the Whispering Woods will be in this ep.This is how I see it going down - we follow Tyrion and Tywin, they head into battle at the Green Fork. Tyrion survives of course, and we see Tywin raging "There was only 5,000 of them! Where is Robb Stark?"Cut to Whispering Wood.Remind me - why is Jorah wearing his armour and looking ready to fight?The Dothraki scenes should be very powerful in these next two eps. Zombie Drogo!After Drogo dies or is near death she fear for her own safety and so asks Jorah to prepare for battle.
1357	Maltaran	2011-06-07	I just noticed that at 29-30" in the scene where MMD says "only death pays for life," Dany looks a lot more pregnant than she did in Episode 8. Also there's a horse "on standby" at Khal Drogo's bedside. Yikes! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' /> In the preview, Robb says "If I'm going to lead this army I can't have have other men doing my bargaining for me." Does this mean the venerable Lord Frey will be making an appearance in this episode? Can't wait to hear Lord Tywin say, "They. Have. My. Son."I expect Lord Walder will be in it - they set it up in the last one by pointing out that the Twins is the only bridge over the river.
1358	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-07	I thought the same thing, although the armor does not look right. The color looks more Stark than Lannister. Maybe just the lighting in the clip.I'm sure it's Jaime, nice catch.  I can just make out one of those cool lion shoulderpads that Jaime and Tyrion's Lannister armor have.  Also in general the Lannister armor in the show is mostly dark crimson and black (practically Targaryen-looking).
1359	Axon	2011-06-07	Since this is a spoilers thread, I can confirm Jamie's capture. Episode previews indicated Robb will capture an important figure or something, can't remember the exact wording of the description.
Edit: Got it.  "Robb wins his first major victory and captures a prized prisoner."
					
					
							Edited by Axon, 07 June 2011 - 02:18 PM.
1360	Maginor	2011-06-07	After Drogo dies or is near death she fear for her own safety and so asks Jorah to prepare for battle.What I recall from the book is that she had to have the tent protected while Mirri Maz Dur were in there healing Drogo because the rest of the Dothraki thought of it as evil witchcraft. There was a fight, and somehow that was also why Dany was hurt and had to be brought into the tent during the magicking, causing her unborn child to die.
					
					
							Edited by Maginor, 07 June 2011 - 03:11 PM.
1361	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-07	What I recall from the book is that she had to have the tent protected while Mirri Maz Dur were in there healing Drogo because the rest of the Dothraki thought of it as evil witchcraft. That sounds right.  Also, the fact that the Dothraki would come to take Dany to be with the Crones if Drogo died, and neither of them wanted that. There was a fight, and somehow that was also why Dany was hurt and had to be brought into the tent during the magicking, causing her unborn child to die.IIRC, she went into labor as the ritual begins, and collapses from the pain - most probably because of the spell Mirri cast (only death pays for life).  Then Jorah carries her into her own tent where he helps her give birth to the abomination her baby has become.
1362	Tywin	2011-06-07	Where's Lords Karstark and Bolton in the Robb/Catelyn scenes? I see Greatjon Umber which is cool, but I'm pondering how they'll introduce Roosey boy later on now...
1363	So1ar	2011-06-07	i think roose wasn't cast so he's being saved for season 2 along with the tullys.
so judging by this preview this is what goes down
- robb crosses the twins and defeats jaime
- tywin defeats robb's smaller force at the greenfork and realizes robb went around him
- dany loses her son
- jon attempts to leave the nights watch
- ned's curtain call
- arya watches and is taken by yoren(whatever his name is)
there's going to be alot going on in episode 9 so what is left for the final episode? it's titled fire and blood so i'm assuming it has alot more to do with dany. but the only major things i know that will happen are
- king in the north
- tywin sends tyrion to kings landing
- the watch decides to head north
- see ya drogo
- eggs hatch
seems like a pretty good suspensful ending overall.
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 07 June 2011 - 05:01 PM.
1364	Huan	2011-06-07	Where's Lords Karstark and Bolton in the Robb/Catelyn scenes? I see Greatjon Umber which is cool, but I'm pondering how they'll introduce Roosey boy later on now...Lords Glover and Umber are the only non-Stark nothern lords cast this season (technically Glover isn't a lord in the book, he's Master of Deepwood Motte, but he seems to be a lord in the show), and Lords Bracken and Frey are the only Riverlands lords, as far as I know. (edited for spelling)
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 07 June 2011 - 05:09 PM.
1365	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	Lords Glover and Umber are the only non-Stark nothern lords cast this season (technically Glover isn't a lord in the book, he's Master of Deepwood Motte, but he seems to be a lord in the show), and Lords Bracken and Frey are the only Riverlands lords, as far as I know. (edited for spelling)That seems odd to me, given that (I assume) part of Robb's plan is to deceive Tywin, hence letting the scout go.  Which in turn indicates that he'll be sending Roose Bolton south with a portion of his foot.  Wouldn't you want Bolton cast to see him give that directive?I suppose we don't NEED him there, but given his importance in later seasons, it might be nice to put a face to a name.
1366	jellydonut	2011-06-07	It would be 'nice' but I guess it's too big a role to cast for only two-three episodes this season.
They probably want someone with a bigger name for Bolton, and so they wait until S2 with him.
1367	NW Deserter	2011-06-07	I'm super anxious for this episode. I'm really looking forward to seeing how Joffrey's actor pulls off his big moment at the sept.
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 07 June 2011 - 06:54 PM.
1368	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-07	That seems odd to me, given that (I assume) part of Robb's plan is to deceive Tywin, hence letting the scout go.  Which in turn indicates that he'll be sending Roose Bolton south with a portion of his foot.  Wouldn't you want Bolton cast to see him give that directive?I suppose we don't NEED him there, but given his importance in later seasons, it might be nice to put a face to a name.I think that we will hear about it after the fact, and Roose's name will be used ("Your plan worked, Stark - Roose Bolton's host broke and ran, just as you ordered!").  They won't show Robb issuing the order because they'll want the audience to be in as much suspense as Tywin and Tyrion about what they'll be facing.
1369	ExLibris	2011-06-07	The only bad part is that we have only have two episodes left... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> 
Aside from that, looks absolutely epic! /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
1370	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-07	Totally keen for this episode. Glad to see there has no noticable Ned spoiler in that trailor.
I also noticed in Ep 8 that Shagga insists Tyrion fight in the upcoming battle to pay his debt, instead of Tywin directing him with the intention of having him slain in battle. I hope that Tyrion translates that to fight fiercely, to impress his captors as opposed to staying alive to spite his father.
Robb looks suitably Neddish on his horse methinks.
1371	Huan	2011-06-07	I think that we will hear about it after the fact, and Roose's name will be used ("Your plan worked, Stark - Roose Bolton's host broke and ran, just as you ordered!").  They won't show Robb issuing the order because they'll want the audience to be in as much suspense as Tywin and Tyrion about what they'll be facing.They might also just have Glover going south to face Tywin instead of crossing the Trident with Robb and not mention Roose at all at this point.
1372	BarrileteCosmico	2011-06-08	I certainly hope we don't get to see a deformed baby with wings and scales... that would be terrible.
1373	Ingvarr Snow	2011-06-08	i think roose wasn't cast so he's being saved for season 2 along with the tullys.so judging by this preview this is what goes down- robb crosses the twins and defeats jaime- tywin defeats robb's smaller force at the greenfork and realizes robb went around him- dany loses her son- jon attempts to leave the nights watch- ned's curtain call- arya watches and is taken by yoren(whatever his name is)there's going to be alot going on in episode 9 so what is left for the final episode? it's titled fire and blood so i'm assuming it has alot more to do with dany. but the only major things i know that will happen are- king in the north- tywin sends tyrion to kings landing- the watch decides to head north- see ya drogo- eggs hatchseems like a pretty good suspensful ending overall.Add to the 9th episode the negotiations with Freys (that should be a very good scene), introduction of Shae... it seems that there is much more going on in the 9th episode than in 10th. But they could only show Whispering wood battle and capture of Jaime in the 9th episode, and battle of breaking the siege of Riverrun in the 10th (not very likely though, besides Tullys are not cast).On the other hand Lommy Greenhands and Hot Pie are cast (judging from Winter is coming), those two don't appear in AGOT, so probably the first Arya chapter from ACOK is moved to the first season (where they try to take the sword from her), that would resolve Arya's cliffhanger with which AGOT ends (Yoren's knife directed to Arya's head). Jon leaving the Night Watch (in 9th episode), but returning in 10th could also add some meat too to the boney 10th episode.
					
					
							Edited by Ingvarr Snow, 08 June 2011 - 02:52 AM.
1374	Rhodan	2011-06-08	As for the smaller moments I am looking forward to the conversetion between Jon and Aemon.
1375	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-08	Will Jon get Longclaw in Ep 9 - and leave it behind in shame when he flees south, as per the book - or in Ep 10 when Lord Commander Mormont announces his intention to lead an expedition north?
1376	Rhodan	2011-06-08	Will Jon get Longclaw in Ep 9 - and leave it behind in shame when he flees south, as per the book - or in Ep 10 when Lord Commander Mormont announces his intention to lead an expedition north?Descriptions would indicate that it wil be in episode 10.
					
					
							Edited by Rhodan, 08 June 2011 - 10:21 AM.
1377	Anomandaris86	2011-06-08	They might also just have Glover going south to face Tywin instead of crossing the Trident with Robb and not mention Roose at all at this point.No, it has to be Roose for a variety of reasons.
1378	The hairy bear	2011-06-08	I would say they just won't mention who commands the force that meets Tywin. "Lord" Glover seems to have been casted only to provide an additional voice to the "king in the North" scene.
Regarding Jon Snow, perhaps I'd change the sequence of the events: the desertion attempt happening in episode 9, and the donation of Longclaw + the revelation of Aemon Targaryensness in episode 10.
1379	Ratty	2011-06-08	Technicly Maege Mormont is there as well in that there is a woman lord in the feast scenes in episode 8.  Granted she probably won;t say anything, but its good to actually see some possible variety.
1380	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-08	Totally keen for this episode. Glad to see there has no noticable Ned spoiler in that trailor.I also noticed in Ep 8 that Shagga insists Tyrion fight in the upcoming battle to pay his debt, instead of Tywin directing him with the intention of having him slain in battle. I hope that Tyrion translates that to fight fiercely, to impress his captors as opposed to staying alive to spite his father.Robb looks suitably Neddish on his horse methinks.No Ned spoiler, but certainly some false hope? Varys saying "I could help you out of this mess you've got yourself into..."I think Varys will tell him to offer to take the black and acknowledge Joff as king, as per everyone's plan apart from Joff. There'll be tears before bed time amongst the unsullied. But cheers at Jaime's capture. Then in Ep 10 with king in the North and dragon hatching there will be much hope and celebration...poor things.
1381	word	2011-06-08	No Ned spoiler, but certainly some false hope? Varys saying "I could help you out of this mess you've got yourself into..."I think Varys will tell him to offer to take the black and acknowledge Joff as king, as per everyone's plan apart from Joff.I actually thought that they just cut out "but I won't". Sort of like a "Varys you know all the secret ways around here, can you get me out of here?" "I can..but I won't".Edit: Basically some sort of version of this exchange from the book:"Can you free me from this pit?" â<U+0080><U+009C>I could . . . but will I? No. Questions would be asked, and the answers would lead back to me.â<U+0080><U+009D>Ned had expected no more. â<U+0080><U+009C>You are blunt.â<U+0080><U+009D>
					
					
							Edited by word, 08 June 2011 - 07:29 AM.
1382	TheEvilKing	2011-06-08	i think roose wasn't cast so he's being saved for season 2 along with the tullys.so judging by this preview this is what goes down- robb crosses the twins and defeats jaime- tywin defeats robb's smaller force at the greenfork and realizes robb went around him- dany loses her son- jon attempts to leave the nights watch- ned's curtain call- arya watches and is taken by yoren(whatever his name is)there's going to be alot going on in episode 9 so what is left for the final episode? it's titled fire and blood so i'm assuming it has alot more to do with dany. but the only major things i know that will happen are- king in the north- tywin sends tyrion to kings landing- the watch decides to head north- see ya drogo- eggs hatchseems like a pretty good suspensful ending overall.I think Arya being taken by Yoren will be at the start of Episode 10. I imagine Joffrey being a total dick to Sansa will also play a part. And the sad scene at Winterfell where Maester Aemon gets the raven. In fact, it'll mostly be about reactions to Ned's death.It seems like they'll be getting a lot of action "out of the way", so to speak, in the penultimate episode.
1383	NW Deserter	2011-06-08	I imagine Joffrey being a total dick to Sansa will also play a part.I think Sansa will be a decent-sized chunk of episode 10. We need Joff showing her the heads and Sandor showing a bit of gentleness, and they'll probably add in a Sansa/Cersei scene or something. Kings Landing is the only place without a very satisfying ending in the first book though, so that stuff will probably happen in the first half of the episode.
1384	Abaddon	2011-06-08	Jon leaving the Night Watch (in 9th episode), but returning in 10th could also add some meat too to the boney 10th episode.Agreed, this is what I see happening... Jon rides off into the night to go south and join Robb as the cliffhanger ending for the North scenes in Episode 9.  Someone mentioned that he doesn't ride south until he hears of Ned's death when I said that earlier, but they could change it to him riding south to join Robb, who has called the banners, and it would work.  (It probably won't happen after Ned dies since that will almost have to be the last scene in the episode).
1385	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-08	I hope in this episode or the 10th one we get the reveal that Maester Aemon is a Targaryen. I loved that scene in the book.
1386	Huan	2011-06-08	I hope in this episode or the 10th one we get the reveal that Maester Aemon is a Targaryen. I loved that scene in the book.I have high hopes that it will be! The episode summary I read on my TV is: "Ned makes a critical decision when Sansa's life is in danger; Catelyn comes to an unsavory agreement with the Lord of the Crossing; Tyrion is forced to fight on the front lines; while being rewarded for his gallantry, Jon uncovers a dark secret." (emphasis mine) Not sure what the gallantry is though? edit: I guess the gallantry was saving LC Mormont and he'll receive Longclaw.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 08 June 2011 - 11:23 AM.
1387	snowzombie	2011-06-08	I certainly hope we don't get to see a deformed baby with wings and scales... that would be terrible. They don't show the gang rapes, the war rapes or castle rapes. They're not going to show mutant baby. To be honest, I don't want to see it either.  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
1388	Morrigan	2011-06-08	Lords Glover and Umber are the only non-Stark nothern lords cast this season (technically Glover isn't a lord in the book, he's Master of Deepwood Motte, but he seems to be a lord in the show), and Lords Bracken and Frey are the only Riverlands lords, as far as I know. (edited for spelling)Why would they cast Lord Glover but not Lord Karstark? I don't recall Lord Glover having any significant lines or plot, whereas Lord Karkstark shows how unhappy he is to having lost both sons to Jaime during the battle of the Whispering Woods, and this becomes crucial in book 3. Perhaps they merged Lord Glover and Lord Karkstark somehow? So long as they don't merge him with the Greatjon (who is fiercely loyal til the end), at least...
1389	richtea78	2011-06-08	Robb said he sent 2000 men to die, could that be the diversion against Tywins army? Without a named general it would mean not casting the extra lords yet. 
Cant really see it as in keeping with character though, killing 2000 of your men is pretty callous.
1390	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-08	Isn't that what happened in the book? He had Bolton lead the men to divert Tywin's attention away from the main attack on Jaime, and many of the men he sent died as I recall, but some were captured or managed to escape (like Bolton did).
1391	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-08	Why would they cast Lord Glover but not Lord Karstark?Because they can cast some low cost no-name actor to be Glover, but they might want to cast a recognisable (and hence more costly) face for Karstark. Probably as much an economic decision as a creative one.It's the not casting of Bolten that's the oddest choice, given he's given the command of the diversionary force. Still, I hope Robb and Cat have that conversation about his plan where Cat subtley steers Robb away from Umber and towards Bolten for the command, and Robb notes how Bolten scares the bejeebers out of him. No need to show him, though perhaps he can be shown from the back or something, so Roose Bolten could be a mere non-name extra in Season 1. At least show us the flayed man sigil to tell the audience why Robb would feel a bit hinky about Roose.Just noticed that Cat will be having the conflab with Lord Frey. I hope we get nearly all of that conversation from the book (though they can ditch some of his belly aching about his spawn).
1392	malarky1231	2011-06-08	I'm disappointed Roose Bolton wasn't cast for the first season. He was such an interesting character in the books. Although if I remember it correctly the only significant scene in the first book was at the war conference where everyone shuts up in order to hear what Bolton is saying. Every other time we hear the name Bolton is from someone else. It would also make more sense if some scenes we believe are going appear in Baelor but not confirmed, to be put into episode 10.
1393	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-09	If not casting Bolton for S1 means that they get a better actor to play him in S2 and onwards, I'm all for it.  Losing Bean and Mark Addy should free up a lot of budget space; Jason Momoa and Harry Lloyd leaving also provides some supplementary $$$.
1394	paddydubh	2011-06-09	Robb said he sent 2000 men to die, could that be the diversion against Tywins army? Without a named general it would mean not casting the extra lords yet. Cant really see it as in keeping with character though, killing 2000 of your men is pretty callous.I thought this too. I was thinking maybe he's talking about the Lannister men he's killed, as in sending men is taken as a metaphor for killing them not sending them to their deaths. The war isn't over because he shed the blood of 2000 of their men? Dunno. I agree that your take on it would be out of character.
1395	Wood of the Morning	2011-06-09	If not casting Bolton for S1 means that they get a better actor to play him in S2 and onwards, I'm all for it.  Losing Bean and Mark Addy should free up a lot of budget space; Jason Momoa and Harry Lloyd leaving also provides some supplementary $$$.You certainly don't NEED the Lord of the Dreadfort for the first season.  I think a lot of fans get a little too greedy with the character requests in the first season.  Agree with the available budget created with the "departure" of some of the bigger names.  However lets not forget that popularity rise and dvd/blu ray sales could serve to provide GoT with more capital for the cast.  In particular I feel that Stannis will be such a difficult casting job, I have doubts that a lesser known name would be able to get it done.  
	Spoiler I wonder if we will see the early character demise as hinted by GRRM on Sunday?
Durka Durka.
1396	Lokhtar	2011-06-09	Yea, Stannis will be an interesting cast.  Probably needs very similar in demeanor (though not morality!) to Charles Dance.
1397	Titans Bastard	2011-06-09	Spoiler I wonder if we will see the early character demise as hinted by GRRM on Sunday?

	Spoiler FWIW, there was an early character demise in the last episode, when Drogo killed Mago.  In the books Mago becomes a bloodrider to Khal Jhaqo after Drogo's khalasar falls apart.
1398	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-09	I thought this too. I was thinking maybe he's talking about the Lannister men he's killed, as in sending men is taken as a metaphor for killing them not sending them to their deaths. The war isn't over because he shed the blood of 2000 of their men? Dunno. I agree that your take on it would be out of character.My take on this was that he knows he's sending a bunch of his own foot soldiers into battle with Tywin's force at a severe disadvantage with the only purpose to divert Tywin's attention.  I don't think it would be callous or out of character at all.  He knows what the stakes are.  His strategy involves men dying.  He obviously doesn't like that it had to be done that way, judging from his tone of voice when he says it.  But I don't think it's out of character.
1399	modehead	2011-06-09	Spoiler FWIW, there was an early character demise in the last episode, when Drogo killed Mago.  In the books Mago becomes a bloodrider to Khal Jhaqo after Drogo's khalasar falls apart.
Ah... maybe this was it. I've been waiting and wondering who he was referring to.
1400	OhDanyBoy	2011-06-09	Ah... maybe this was it. I've been waiting and wondering who he was referring to.But does Mago die in book 3?  The character dies in book 3, but dies earlier (first season) in the show.  The character is very minor.  Those are our clues.
1401	Steel_Wind	2011-06-09	Ah... maybe this was it. I've been waiting and wondering who he was referring to.No. We never learn more about Mago and whether he dies or not in book 1, 2, 3, or 4. The early death referred to by GRRM is not Mago as far as I can determine (though to be clear, it IS an "early death" -- just not the one GRRM referred to).
1402	Morrigan	2011-06-09	Ah, yeah, wasn't Mago one of those whom Daenerys vowed, "These men will die screaming" for what they did to Eroeh? I guess this oath will not come into play later then... or they'll replace it with something else in the TV series.Edit: yeah, that's the one:â<U+0080><U+009C>Eroeh?â<U+0080><U+009D> asked Dany, remembering the frightened child she had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men.â<U+0080><U+009C>Mago seized her, who is Khal Jhaqoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bloodrider now,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Jhogo. â<U+0080><U+009C>He mounted her high and low and gave her to his khal, and Jhaqo gave her to his other bloodriders. They were six. When they were done with her, they cut her throat.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>It was her fate, Khaleesi,â<U+0080><U+009D> said Aggo.If I look back I am lost. â<U+0080><U+009C>It was a cruel fate,â<U+0080><U+009D> Dany said, â<U+0080><U+009C>yet not so cruel as Magoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s will be. I promise you that, by the old gods and the new, by the lamb god and the horse god and every god that lives. I swear it by the Mother of Mountains and the Womb of the World. Before I am done with them, Mago and Ko Jhaqo will plead for the mercy they showed Eroeh.â<U+0080><U+009D>The Dothraki exchanged uncertain glances. â<U+0080><U+009C>Khaleesi, â<U+0080><U+009C> the handmaid Irri explained, as if to a child, â<U+0080><U+009C>Jhaqo is a khal now, with twenty thousand riders at his back.She lifted her head. â<U+0080><U+009C>And I am Daenerys Stormborn, Daenerys of House Targaryen, of the blood of Aegon the Conqueror and Maegor the Cruel and old Valyria before them. I am the dragonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s daughter, and I swear to you, these men will die screaming. Now bring me to Khal Drogo.â<U+0080><U+009D>I always wondered, considering how seriously she swears that oath, if we'd ever see Daenerys fulfill it at some point. But if Mago is considered irrelevant enough to die early, maybe this was just an empty vow, or something that GRRM might have considered for later but abandoned.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 09 June 2011 - 02:18 PM.
1403	Abaddon	2011-06-09	I always wondered, considering how seriously she swears that oath, if we'd ever see Daenerys fulfill it at some point. But if Mago is considered irrelevant enough to die early, maybe this was just an empty vow, or something that GRRM might have considered for later but abandoned....or maybe they'll just give it all to Jhaqo, condensing that part, for the TV adaptation.  Or cut it altogether.Thanks for finding that quote!  Gave me chills reading it, I had forgotten about that oath completely.
1404	Lady Blackfish	2011-06-09	<MOD>Folks, please don't discuss or promote illegal venues from which to watch the show.  </MOD>
1405	So1ar	2011-06-09	you guys have brought up alot more things that should happen in this next episode. i honestly don't know how they are going to cram all this in for one hour of television. i think the battles are going to be really short and we may not even get to see much of it happen on screen and just hear about it afterwards. if they gave the battles a decent amount of time like they deserve there is no way they can fit everything else into this one episode.Why would they cast Lord Glover but not Lord Karstark? I don't recall Lord Glover having any significant lines or plot, whereas Lord Karkstark shows how unhappy he is to having lost both sons to Jaime during the battle of the Whispering Woods, and this becomes crucial in book 3. Perhaps they merged Lord Glover and Lord Karkstark somehow? So long as they don't merge him with the Greatjon (who is fiercely loyal til the end), at least...Karstark is in episode 8. He may not be officially cast but there was a lord there with the white sun logo on his armor. I remember seeing him when the greatjon is making his challenge on robb. also i think glover is sitting next to robb because he perks up when robb mentions his name. that's just speculation on glover but i do remember seeing the symbol of lord karstark on some guys armor sitting at the table.
1406	Morrigan	2011-06-09	Ah, good catch, I didn't notice that guy at all...
1407	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-09	I'm super anxious for this episode. I'm really looking forward to seeing how Joffrey's actor pulls off his big moment at the sept.So do I! I have really been enjoying this performance of Joff, what a greatly cast evil little turd.
1408	Bacon	2011-06-10	Do you think they'll show Ned getting his head chopped off? I mean in the books its from Arya's perspective so obviously we dont see it, but I could quite easily see it being similar to the first execution of the series, when Ned chopped off the deserters head, brutal lol. If we dont then we might see his head on the Red Keep next episode.....
1409	Rhodan	2011-06-10	Sneak Peek is coming (when?)
1410	Hyper	2011-06-10	Do you think they'll show Ned getting his head chopped off? I mean in the books its from Arya's perspective so obviously we dont see it, but I could quite easily see it being similar to the first execution of the series, when Ned chopped off the deserters head, brutal lol. If we dont then we might see his head on the Red Keep next episode.....Of course they will show the beheading. It also is a nice thematic throwback to the beheading in episode 1. "Live by the sword, die by the sword", as the saying goes...
1411	Rodgex	2011-06-10	Of course they will show Ned getting his head chopped off, it would fit so well into the show, and would give the episode an excellent finale, I just wonder how fans who haven't read the books will react to it....
1412	TheEvilKing	2011-06-10	So do I! I have really been enjoying this performance of Joff, what a greatly cast evil little turd.With all due deference to Maisie, he's been the best child actor so far. His scenes on the Iron Throne have been superb.
1413	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-10	With all due deference to Maisie, he's been the best child actor so far. His scenes on the Iron Throne have been superb.I keep waiting for him to cut himself on one of the swords and cry for mommy.  Wasn't that supposed to happen already?  Or does it happen during a later session?
1414	madking	2011-06-10	Speaking of jack gleeson according to imdb he was in batman begins in a bit roll. His character name is just little boy. Does anyone know where in the movie he is?
1415	Dornish	2011-06-10	Speaking of jack gleeson according to imdb he was in batman begins in a bit roll. His character name is just little boy. Does anyone know where in the movie he is?You know, the one that follows Katie Holmes around for a while and is all tripping out, seeing scary shit, and looking like Jack Gleeson.
1416	Which Tyler	2011-06-11	You know, the one that follows Katie Holmes around for a while and is all tripping out, seeing scary shit, and looking like Jack Gleeson.who had earlier been given batman's periscope thingy
1417	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-11	who had earlier been given batman's periscope thingyStill whigny little turd face...oh....im scared for mummy face..turd...whingy face...My point is that he has become the very evil that we represent.He is Joff... and lets get used to that.We know he brings and instigates more pain.Lets bring on the Red Wedding!
1418	NW Deserter	2011-06-11	I keep waiting for him to cut himself on one of the swords and cry for mommy.  Wasn't that supposed to happen already?  Or does it happen during a later session?That happens after the Battle of the Blackwater when one of Stannis' men who had been captured yells about Joff's lack of a claim, then Joff shifts around while he's all angry and cuts himself.Still whigny little turd face...oh....im scared for mummy face..turd...whingy face...My point is that he has become the very evil that we represent.He is Joff... and lets get used to that.We know he brings and instigates more pain.Lets bring on the Red Wedding!I think you mean the Purple Wedding, which was a much more satisfying chapter than the Red one.
1419	Reposado	2011-06-11	Regarding Bolton, my guess would be that he gets name dropped but never shown. Either Robb could say that he is giving the command to Roose Bolton. Preferably, after never showing the decision process, we get the battle from Tyrion's viewpoint. Then after what looks like a big win for House Lannister, we get the scene with Tywin and Tyrion where the messenger comes in and says the host was led by Roose Bolton, Robb Stark was seen riding hard for Riverrun. Cue Tywin rage. 
Thus Bolton gets mentioned as an important bannerman and sets up next year without casting him this year.
1420	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-11	Regarding Bolton, my guess would be that he gets name dropped but never shown. Either Robb could say that he is giving the command to Roose Bolton. Preferably, after never showing the decision process, we get the battle from Tyrion's viewpoint. Then after what looks like a big win for House Lannister, we get the scene with Tywin and Tyrion where the messenger comes in and says the host was led by Roose Bolton, Robb Stark was seen riding hard for Riverrun. Cue Tywin rage. Thus Bolton gets mentioned as an important bannerman and sets up next year without casting him this year.I disagree about showing the decision process for who will command against Tywin. I really like that conversation between Robb and Cat. Still no need to show Bolton because the decision to make Bolton the commander is a private one on one conversation.
1421	Reposado	2011-06-12	I disagree about showing the decision process for who will command against Tywin. I really like that conversation between Robb and Cat. Still no need to show Bolton because the decision to make Bolton the commander is a private one on one conversation.Well, I do too, but I think we would have seen that in episode 8 if we were going to. The reason for moving Tywin to the other side of the river can only be to keep viewers in the dark about what Robb is doing until as late as possible.
1422	TheEvilKing	2011-06-12	Well, I do too, but I think we would have seen that in episode 8 if we were going to. The reason for moving Tywin to the other side of the river can only be to keep viewers in the dark about what Robb is doing until as late as possible.Yeah, we won't hear Robb's plan until he's already attacking Jaime in the Whispering Wood. Otherwise, the plan would fail. That's how TV works.
1423	persephone88	2011-06-12	I am wondering if they will give the Karstark role to Glover (or someone else) in the series. If the producers thought having a Robert Arryn as being too confusing to viewers and so changing Robert to ROBIN, will they think Karstark is just too similar to Stark and might they not give Karstark's role to another house just to avoid the name confusion?
We haven't heard Karstark mentioned yet, but Glover was cast, and also named by the Greatjon when there was the argument about who leads the van. Karstark is an important part because he loses two sons protecting Robb then Robb has to behead him later on. So we're assuming we will see two sons get cut down trying to reach Robb.
I could see them giving that role to Glover, but I'd almost not be surprised if they made it the Greatjon who lost sons, because the viewers have already met him and the reaction would be visceral... but he's too important to end up beheaded. Will be interesting to see if and how they work in which lords / sons are involved in protecting Robb from Jaime tonight...
1424	Greywolf2375	2011-06-12	Will Jon get Longclaw in Ep 9 - and leave it behind in shame when he flees south, as per the book - or in Ep 10 when Lord Commander Mormont announces his intention to lead an expedition north?Descriptions would indicate that it wil be in episode 10.That's what I was looking for - it looks like between 16-17 that the pommel of Jon's sword is a wolfshead, which would lean towards him having Longclaw allready.  Course, that could just be preview from 10 as well.
1425	King_In_The_North	2011-06-12	Well, they've cast Rickard Karstark already. It will be ill-fitting to have Robb executing the Greatjon.
1426	Panjer	2011-06-12	There's no way the Greatjon can be executed anyway, the sword would just bounce off of his neck.
1427	So1ar	2011-06-12	There's no way the Greatjon can be executed anyway, the sword would just bounce off of his neck.agreed. also, we've already witnessed that losing body parts does not affect the greatjon. i don't know how he can be killed.
1428	Anomandaris86	2011-06-12	Well, they've cast Rickard Karstark already. It will be ill-fitting to have Robb executing the Greatjon.This is confirmed?
1429	malarky1231	2011-06-12	It could just be a non-speaking role this season. They might recast him next season or two when he actually does something
1430	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-12	This is confirmed?We see a guy in Karstark colors at the table.  I don't think we know if it's Rickard as it would be in the books or if it could be another Karstark (a son or sib, perhaps).  Anyway they could easily recast if they felt like it I think.
1431	modehead	2011-06-12	No. We never learn more about Mago and whether he dies or not in book 1, 2, 3, or 4. The early death referred to by GRRM is not Mago as far as I can determine (though to be clear, it IS an "early death" -- just not the one GRRM referred to).This is just a wild guess on my part, but I'm assuming Ser Rodrick might be the unlucky fella.
1432	legba11	2011-06-12	Can't wait for the meltdowns after the end of tonight's episode...  (Assuming it ends the way we think it will)
1433	Asarlai	2011-06-12	agreed. also, we've already witnessed that losing body parts does not affect the greatjon. i don't know how he can be killed.So far, he can't be. At the Red Wedding, he got roaring drunk and beat the hell out of a bunch of Freys. They couldn't kill him, their blows just subdued him... Temporarily.We can only hope that he has been chained up. For we all know how that shall end...
1434	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	Can't wait for the meltdowns after the end of tonight's episode...  (Assuming it ends the way we think it will)A lot of people are expecting it, though dreading it, of course.  Over at TWoP, some are practically in mourning already.  I was surprised that the GoT threads over there just passed 250,000 views!  A quarter million views just since early April!  LOL, I also read an EW 'recapper' advice that if you ever run into Ned Stark in real life and he wants to play poker, do it!  That he'd probably look across the table at you and say: 'You should raise now, because I have a really weak hand,' and mean it!
1435	Abaddon	2011-06-12	I think the speculation between Episode 8 and Episode 9 for non-readers would have been a little more towards the 'hoping he lives' side if the idea of Ned confessing and joining the Night's Watch had been mentioned.  I expect it will come up this week and throw off some viewers for at least a little while, though.  Cruelly dangling the prospect of Ned surviving in front of everyone's faces, only to have that scumbag Joffrey eff everything up.I expect Larry Williams' live broadcast of himself watching the episode to be pretty expletive filled  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />
1436	damian	2011-06-12	i'm starting to get butterflies /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1437	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	i'm starting to get butterflies /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I know!  We've still got 55 minutes--quick, somebody grab the nearest dagger and go take care of that little shit, Joffrey, NOW, before its too late!!/fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
1438	madking	2011-06-12	I expect Larry Williams' live broadcast of himself watching the episode to be pretty expletive filled  /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />its gonna be live? How do I watch? Just go to otakuassemble channel on youtube?
1439	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-12	I know!  We've still got 55 minutes--quick, somebody grab the nearest dagger and go take care of that little shit, Joffrey, NOW, before its too late!!/fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> This is my first Monday off since it started airing; definitely not toying with the idea of staying up, getting some work done and watching it before bed  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1440	word	2011-06-12	Say goodnight Ned...
1441	Asarlai	2011-06-12	i'm starting to get butterflies /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Same here. Sitting here with my father, hoping he won't end up hating the series after this.
1442	legba11	2011-06-12	My fiance has become totally hooked on the series and loves him.  I have been a wreck this week trying not to say anything.  She is going to kill me in T-minue 99 minutes.
1443	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	Say goodnight Ned...Good night, Ned.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
1444	NW Deserter	2011-06-12	its gonna be live? How do I watch? Just go to otakuassemble channel on youtube?http://www.blogtv.co...otaku_assemble/You can join as a guest but you don't get chatting privileges. I'll be there watching, I can't resist.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
1445	Asarlai	2011-06-12	Good night, Ned.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />He truly was the best of us.
1446	damian	2011-06-12	i have to say none of the deaths in the entire series so far has matched the emotional punch of ned's.
1447	Asarlai	2011-06-12	i have to say none of the deaths in the entire series so far has matched the emotional punch of ned's.Others did for me, but it was always how they died, or how it was written, or their last words.For Ned, it was that he died.
1448	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	Only a few minutes to go.  Well, we gotta do the honorable thing here, folks, right?  Be there with him when they do it.  Don't turn away.  Handle it as Lord Stark would have handled it.
/bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1449	legba11	2011-06-12	Maybe the whole reason for making the TV series was to rewrite the history of Westeros.  Ned lives, and is a great hand for Stannis.  Then they have to fight off Drogo and his howling horde.
1450	jfrenchy	2011-06-12	Maybe the whole reason for making the TV series was to rewrite the history of Westeros.  Ned lives, and is a great hand for Stannis.  Then they have to fight off Drogo and his howling horde.wouldnt that be something. imagine the reaction of the fans. picket fence protests chanting off with his head
