nick	date	comment
1	Ran	2012-04-22	Book spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who want to discuss the episode in relation to the books, and with reference to spoilers from them.
This topic should open automatically around the start of airing.
2	Baitac	2012-04-22	Harenhall! Qarth! This map is awesome!
					
					
							Edited by Baitac, 22 April 2012 - 08:44 PM.
3	dark  sister	2012-04-22	I KNEW IT!!! I knew the scene with Joff and the whores would be sadistic!  This King is turning out to be exactly like Ted Bundy.
4	Tempra	2012-04-22	The new mountain is a white manute bol.  Lame.
5	Ser Hippie	2012-04-22	Joffrey scene seems pointless to me. Isn't everyone clear on what an ass he is at this point?
6	Baitac	2012-04-22	Setting up the Tyrion and Sansa relationship, I see. Harenhall is as horrible as I envisioned.
7	samgurl775	2012-04-22	Joffrey scene seems pointless to me. Isn't everyone clear on what an ass he is at this point?Agreed. Similar to the Petyr/Ros crying scene. We already know how crazy Joff is, he just ordered his knights to beat his future wife, we don't need scenes like that.
8	Ser Hippie	2012-04-22	Oh shit the shadowbaby
9	Lady IronHeart	2012-04-22	Shadow babyyyyy!!!! Holy crap.
10	Baitac	2012-04-22	Okey dokey. Dementors among us!
11	dark  sister	2012-04-22	Joffrey scene seems pointless to me. Isn't everyone clear on what an ass he is at this point?I don't think it's pointless.  They didn't really care out the Sansa beating scene the way they did in the book, so it's natural that he wanted to take his anger out on someone else fully, the way he did with Sansa.  Also, it shows how his cruelty is escalating, how he's going from snotty, to mean, to cruel, to mutilator, and to murderer.  Like I said before, a real Ted Bundy type.  (People who have read about him might esp. agree with me.)I don't like the way the shadow baby made that horrible screech. It was supposed to be Stannis in shadow form, y'know? Why would it screech?  And it was soooo hard to see it.  I also think that she should have talked about how they needed to row her there because of the magic locked into the stones of Storm's End.  That would've been a good explanation. I like that they kept the rotten onion part, but if I had to cut one line, it would be the latter, b/c the former explains WHY Davos had to smuggle her beneath the walls.
12	towerofjoy	2012-04-22	Interesting, wonder if Arya will not interact with Roose after all. Seems like she will be Tywin's cupbearer instead.
13	dark  sister	2012-04-22	This is my favorite episode so far, mostly because I'm really into the idea of sticking to the book.  I thought that it was okay that they compressed "Nan"'s cupbearing for Roose into cupbearing for Tywin, altho it'll be interesting to see how she handles her anger...butterfly effect, majorly.  I also thought it was cute when Tywin called her clever for dressing and cutting her hair like a boy.
14	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-22	Awesome!  Loved it.
Quote from the husband:  "Jeoffry should die a slow and horrible death" 
/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
Love the grossness of the shadowbaby!
15	Doza	2012-04-22	Looks like they are cutting out Weese.
16	Trebla	2012-04-22	Some great lines " No cure for being a cunt". Ah Bronn...
And of course Tyrion smelling lavender on Lancel and remarking he is an "annointed knight" lol
I can appreciate the changes of Roose and Tywin. It keeps it a lot simpler. My dad and cousin are newbies and have enough trouble figuring out who is who and where.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 22 April 2012 - 09:07 PM.
17	Laohu	2012-04-22	The look on my gf's face (nonreader) at the final scene.... priceless. I, on the other hand, got geek shivers.
18	Francis Buck	2012-04-22	Shadowbaby was nothing like I imagined...and far more awesome.
19	pinkie10	2012-04-22	I was really hoping Joffrey killed Ros. I wish it showed what the shadowbaby does for the cliffhanger instead of just the birth. No peach at the Baratheon parley? Stannis didn't reach for sword? I thought that scene was rushed.
20	Lady Olenna	2012-04-22	I was not ready for the how graphic the shadow baby was.... I'm still not even sure what to think.
Is this the first scene with Roose?  I was surprised that he wasn't part of the Harrenhal scenes. 
Overall, I liked the episode.  I liked how they cut some scenes from the books.  I'm having hesitations about where the LF character is going but I have faith that they know what they're doing. 
I did miss Renly's peach.  And Jon Snow.
21	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-22	neds bones?????
22	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-22	Tyrion is SPOT ON.
OMG! That Melisandre shadow baby scene is exactly how I pictured it.
My heart went out to poor Sansa. Poor thing is learning a very hard lesson regarding honoring her family.
Maise William's eyes are so haunting in the scene as she watches men being tortured.
Joffrey, Joffrey, Joffrey, I cannot wait until the Purple Wedding.
Daenerys is slowing building up for the climax.
Davos was great.
Stannis is the hypocritical prick that I imagined..DIE DIE DIE!
Loved Cat ready to cut Littlefinger.
Bronn is still the man. "There's no cure for being a cunt."
Margaery was cool as the Queen.
Didn't care for the Robb falling in love scene, but I see where they are going with it.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 22 April 2012 - 09:09 PM.
23	Laohu	2012-04-22	I actually found myself rooting for Tywin a bit when he came in to the torturer's area and asked Gendry his trade. After he responded with "smith," the look Tywin gave the Lannister soldier was epic.
24	Nymphetamine	2012-04-22	Roose Bolton finally makes an appearance.
25	blasted_saber	2012-04-22	Shadow baby worked better then I thought it would. Two thumbs up for me.
Good episdode. Probably the best after Ep 201 this season.
Wonder if the girl from Volantis will have a wider role?
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 22 April 2012 - 09:09 PM.
26	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-22	The look on my gf's face (nonreader) at the final scene.... priceless. I, on the other hand, got geek shivers./lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />  I told my husband "and that my dear, is a Shadowbaby"  he laughed, but I think he was grossed out.  I got shivers too. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
27	StannisWins	2012-04-22	I thought that was FANTASTIC.
Shadow baby was just perfect. They are killing it so far this season.
28	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-22	Wonder if the girl from Volantis will have a wider role?She is Jeyne Spicer /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
29	blasted_saber	2012-04-22	She is Jeyne Spicer /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />oops. lolIts been a while since I read the book
30	Laohu	2012-04-22	Wonder if the girl from Volantis will have a wider role?That must be Jeyne Westerling, lying about who she was. They are already laying a backstory for how she is going to nurse Robb after his future injury. Of course, "nurse" has a double meaning here.
31	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-22	oops. lolIts been a while since I read the bookThat's ok, the scene wasn't in the book /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> eta:  Westerling, but her family is/was Spicr, sorry about that
					
					
							Edited by Ser Lany Cassandra, 22 April 2012 - 09:13 PM.
32	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-22	The new mountain is a white manute bol.  Lame.As if the other one wasn't?
33	Nymphetamine	2012-04-22	Yea that was Jeyne Westerling.
34	Trebla	2012-04-22	Wonder if the girl from Volantis will have a wider role?Yeah me too. That scene made little sense to me. Okay, it intros Roose Bolton and establishes he's cruel. But the latter part with the girl from Volantis? Have to see where they go with it.I did like that there was a parallel between Tywin and Robb. Neither barbaric. Of course we'll have the Red Wedding but I do see Tywin's point on what is more noble...killing 10,000 men in battle or a few dozen at dinner?eta: Ahhhh...she said her name was Spicer? I didn't hear that.
					
					
							Edited by Trebla, 22 April 2012 - 09:16 PM.
35	hurricaneez2	2012-04-22	Know Im not supposed to but I really like Tywin. You can see where Tyrion get his brain.
36	Laohu	2012-04-22	As if the other one wasn't?Pretty sure he is referring to the fact that even if the two actors cast as the Mountain are of the same height, the former Ser Gregor must have weighed twice as much. He was HUGE compared to this new extra lengthy toothpick.
37	Jakester	2012-04-22	Agreed. Similar to the Petyr/Ros crying scene. We already know how crazy Joff is, he just ordered his knights to beat his future wife, we don't need scenes like that. Agree, enough is enough. There's a line between showing how evil everyone is and going overboard, and it's turning me off. Making me want to stop watching and cancel HBO.
38	ckal	2012-04-22	It is getting very frustrating and annoying how short these episodes are. Tonight's was maybe 50 minutes long. It is especially frustrating because I think about how some scenes are pointlessly dragged out (ex: Joff and Ros and other whore), when scenes like the Stannis and Renly parley are shortened, or scenes are cut entirely.
Come on HBO, you can do much better than that.
39	congokong	2012-04-22	That Daenerys scene was the worst. The dialogue was awkward, it wasn't in the books, and the dragons were hidden in some baskets...
The dragons were clearly not in the scene for budget reasons. I could picture the dialogue like this:
Man with no name: May I see the dragons?
Daenerys: Certainly. Jorah, let out the dragons from their tiny basket cage for-
(HBO exec whispers something in Dany's ears)
Daenerys: No. I'm the mother of dragons and I demand to be let in!
40	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-22	Hated Robb's scene with the girl that I, before the season started, thought would be Jeyne Westerling. Hope Jeyne appears, not now, maybe next season.
Joff's scene was a bit pointless, wasted time. Could have been deployed to Bran (with Meera and Jojen, if HBO cared about them, of course).
Shadowbaby grew after beeing born, completely different as I imagined. But creepy as heel, very good. My dad (yes, he likes de series) was astonished (but I believe he doesn't like the magical part of ASoIaF).
Liked LF interaction with Margaery, but just after remember that he forged the alliance with Highgarden. Margaery will occupy Lady Olena's role, that obvious (as some have preticted).
41	Northern Girl 30	2012-04-22	Awesome episode!!! 
I love Bronn, he is such a bad ass. 
The casting for Roose Bolton was excellent. 
Joff/Whore scene was pretty scary. Those poor girls. The one beating the girl was Ros, right? I am surprised the Hound didn't come in after hearing those screams. Also different way to show how much Joff hates Tyrion...
Who was that "nurse" at the battlefield with Robb? Is she supposed to be Jeyne Westerling in disguise? If so, that chick was not worth a Red Wedding :/ didn't really like that interaction in the episode. Rob's too good for her, hehe.
42	Katydid	2012-04-22	It is getting very frustrating and annoying how short these episodes are. Tonight's was maybe 50 minutes long. It is especially frustrating because I think about how some scenes are pointlessly dragged out (ex: Joff and Ros and other whore), when scenes like the Stannis and Renly parley are shortened, or scenes are cut entirely.Come on HBO, you can do much better than that.SO agree.  I liked most everything (canon) about this episode, but that scene with Joffrey was just stupid.The pointless, crap scenes they're adding this season are wearing thin.  Renly's peach got cut out so Joffrey could watch two whores slap each other. Really?  /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
43	Ser Frank Haven	2012-04-22	Stop your bitchin or they will cancel the show
44	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-22	LOVED the shadow baby. Even better than I imagined it in my head when I was reading the book. 
Loved the KL scenes. I have no problem with them making Joffrey even more wicked than he was before. He's a disgusting, depraved little monster. Tyrion's scene with Lancel was great. Loved seeing blondie shaking in his boots. 
Nice to see the Dany storyline moving along. Couldn't take another moment of the Red Waste.
Love the direction they're going with Margaery. The look she gave Littlefinger as she departed from him was classic. 
The Harrenhal scenes were top of the line. Can't believe how great they were. I can't believe I was actually rooting for Tywin either. I love how he dealt with his goons.
45	ckal	2012-04-22	I understand it is very hard to adapt this season (more so than the first season) because of all the different story lines, but I'm just not getting the same feeling from this season so far. I think once Renly dies next episode it will streamline some story telling, but the last 6 eps better really ramp things up. I'm getting a 'slow meandering plot line' feeling from it right now. Unfortunately, ACOK was he same way until about half way through IIRC.
I really hope HBO cuts down on these extra pointless scenes that are IMO dragging down the eps that weren't in the book.
46	Doza	2012-04-22	I don't have much of an issue with the violence.  The books contains significantly more violent scenes.  Since the episodes are so short, HBO has to make the scenes stick.  If you aren't a book reader then you wouldn't remember when the tickler shows up again, that is unless he's remembered...
47	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-22	I keep waiting for them to put my house during the opening credits...but, I'll settle for Harrenhal and Qarth for now. And, yes, Dany, I also called it Quarth for the longest time. I don't feel as bad, now that the Mother of Dragons declared it so.Seeing Grey Wind at the beginning was fantastic...it almost made up for the fact that the budget keeps us from seeing the epic battles. Roose Bolton looked fucking fantastic...the man looks like a corpse. Kudos, casting department. Kudos. I'm trembling at the thought of Ramsay, already.Okay, who exactly is Oona Chaplin playing? I was led to believe Jeyne Westerling...but, apparently not. All I caught was a different name and the fact that she's from Volantis. Really curious to see how this is all going to develop.The scene with Joff and the whores was great. Not because I get off on that type of stuff. I swear. But, because it fits Joff's character. Yes, Joff saw it as a blatant insult he wanted counter, but I can see Joff getting off on S&M. So, in my mind, it was a great "characterization" opportunity. "There is no cure for being a cunt," indeed.I like Littlefinger's involvement at Renly's camp. I guess some were apprehensive since it's not a book event, but it makes sense that LF would use it as an attempt to cover his own ass in the event Renly conquers King's Landing...It also plants the seed in Catelyn's mind to later release Jaime. And, I like the idea that this isn't something she does on a desperate whim...that she had more reason to believe it would truly benefit her.Margeary Tyrell would completely drown if it rained while she was wearing that dress.Loved the debut of Arya's prayer. I'm in the painstaking process of documenting my life from birth, trying to remember all the people that screwed me over. It'll be my version of counting sheep. Also loved Renly in this episode...his back-and-forth with Stannis gave people a glimpse of the charismatic and confident dude from the pages. Renly was right up there with Tyrion and Bronn with that awesome "Is he a ham" quip. Was that a line from the book? Can't remember.Always great to see Tywin. I love Dance in the role. I really forget that I'm supposed to hate him from scene to scene. Don't like the "new" Mountain. I thought the guy was season 1 was much more imposing. Melisandre really slid into her role with this episode. After the first 3 episodes, the smuggling scene with Davos was the first time where I watched her and though..."Damn, this woman is Mel...she's looking at me through my TV...make it stop."And the shadow baby scene? Every bit as emotionally scarring as I imagined it to be, haha. I love how this show is so good at making me feel so bad.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 22 April 2012 - 10:00 PM.
48	Laohu	2012-04-22	That Daenerys scene at the gates of Qarth... I thought it showcased how bold and unrelenting Dany was trying to be with her hosts. She already showed up with what?... a 20-25 person khalasar, and she needed to prove that she was not as weak as she appeared to the Elders. That scene was all about her posturing. Her gamble paid off, but even I admit I was wondering how it was going to play out until Xaro bailed her out with this "Sumai" agreement.
49	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Is this the first scene with Roose?  I was surprised that he wasn't part of the Harrenhal scenes.Even in the books, Roose doesn't come to Harrenhal until far, far later.
50	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I actually found myself rooting for Tywin a bit when he came in to the torturer's area and asked Gendry his trade. After he responded with "smith," the look Tywin gave the Lannister soldier was epic. Ditto
51	Mack Kilimaro	2012-04-22	This is my favorite episode so far, mostly because I'm really into the idea of sticking to the book.You want to stick to the book and this is your favorite episode so far? That is some serious cognitive dissonance.Last week, the different plots really felt like they connected better, thematically. I thought it was rather disjointed this week, and some of the scenes that were added... ugh. Is the surgeon we met tonight really going to be what takes the place of Jeyne Westerling? That's gonna be a hot mess.OTOH, I thought Joffrey with the whores was a disturbingly well done scene. A friend felt it was unnecessary because Joffrey's nature has already been shown, but I think it's one thing to suspect how much of a creep he is based on his boisterous actions in front of a crowd... it's another thing to see that he's 16 and he'd rather get one whore to beat up another than get a BJ. I mean, damn.
52	TheColdWinds	2012-04-22	They should of made this book two seasons. They are leaving to much out........
53	A Dark And Stormy Knight	2012-04-22	Oh man, I can only imagine how non-readers must have reacted to the shadowbaby...I mean, it was horrifying enough for someone who already knew it was coming...
And then I find myself wondering...if Shadowbaby can induce this kind of jaw-drop reaction in me, how in the HELL am I going to deal with the House of the Undying?
That is going to be a sight.
					
					
							Edited by A Dark And Stormy Knight, 22 April 2012 - 09:33 PM.
54	Meg Stark	2012-04-22	First post after a long time following the boards. 
Solid episode. 
Liked: 
Tyrion scenes as always. I thought it was a nice moment with Tyrion and Sansa. Really setting up that whole thing well so far. 
The first time all season that the Dany scenes were not a waste of time. The city so far is even more beautiful than I pictured. 
Harrenhal was fantastic. I had a hard time imagining that before. Glad to see they are streamlining some of Arya's storyline without loosing the awesome things (like the prayer). 
Cat and Littlefinger scene. 
Liked less:
I am not sure I understand who this "Alissa" (is that what she said?) storyline. I assume she is maybe Jayne in disguise? 
I hate that Renly has to go next episode. I love his character and the actor and I wish it could go on longer. 
Wow the Joffry and Ros scene. It definitely served its purpose of being shocking and showing what a monster he is. Just seemed like a very HBO thing to add that scene.
55	Baratheon'sBastards	2012-04-22	She is Jeyne Spicer /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Are you sure it wasn't Jane Seymour. The character seemed a lot more independent and strong willed than I remember her in the book.
56	dtones520	2012-04-22	The girl with Robb is Jeyne, however they are depicting her, she is just putting on a show. Why would she tell the king that her family is warring with that she is a highborn lady? Perfect hostage situation. She speaks her mind to Robb, and sets up that she will be tending to Robb's wounds later in the series.
57	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-22	Loved the map.  Loved the Harrenhall scenes.  Didn't like the shadow baby, not cause it wasn't well done but that's just one of those things in the books I didn't like.  Hated the Joffery/whore scene.  Juts unnecessary.
I thought the LF/Cat scene was pretty good.
58	teemo	2012-04-22	Finally, an episode this season that my boyfriend wasn't utterly bored with!  Finally, a little violence too.  My initial impressions:Robb - loved Grey Wind attacking the Lannisters.  I wasn't exactly sure what was going on that in that scene at first.  It was nice bringing Robb to the forefront for a little bit and putting him on the battlefield.  Richard Madden is great.  I hope they keep plenty of focus on Robb so his death is just that more meaningful and tragic to viewers.Roose Bolton - kind of heard to tell so far, but he is pretty much what I imagined looks-wise.  He only a few sentences, so it's hard to tell so far.  I'm thinking he'll be great.Talisa - OK - what?  Is this the Jeyne replacement?  If so....how???  There was definitely some chemistry there and she sort of resembled the girl in the promo that Robb was making out with.Joffrey/Sansa - pretty spot-on.  Jack Gleason is terrifying.  Love him.  Like always, Peter Dinklage is just....wow.Joffrey/whores - blah, we get it.  Joffrey is a douche.  Sometimes I think they are trying to emphasize how despicable he is to "off-set" Cersei's wickedness, which is really starting to piss me off.  Weird, stupid scene.  And that was out of character for Tyrion, even though I know how it was considered in the books.Littlefinger & Renly, Margaery, and Cat - they are definitely trying to make sure people don't forget LF.  Renly scene was.....tolerable.  Margaery - I don't know.  Once again, Show LF stating the obvious to try to get on people's nerves for no reason.  The one with Cat started out to be really bad.  "I've loved you since I was a little boy..." Puh-leeze.  That is not LF. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Dany - her story is....way different from the books, and I understand why - they were boring as hell.  Unbelievably, I think TV Dany is even more bratty than book Dany.  And that Sumosai crap?  What the hell?Arya/Gendry/Tickler/Mountain - At first I was soooo disappointed, because I thought that was all we would see of the Tickler's "tickling" (when we just heard those noises).  That rat stuff was evil.  I was a little disappointed in The Tickler.  He didn't send any chills through my spine.  And where is the "WHERE IS BERIC DONDARRION?"!!!??Also, doesn't The Mountain look a little....small?  Freaked me out to see Gendry starting to be tickled.  I thought he was about to die, and was getting pretty upset.Renly/Stannis - This was pretty true to the book.  However, I am very sad to see no peach. /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Tywin/Arya - umm....I don't really mind Arya being cupbearer to Tywin instead of Roose, but that was just weird.  Tywin wouldn't walk around those people and start conversation.  That's just ridiculous.  And oh, hey girl, come be my cupbearer.. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Lancel/Tyrion - Perfeeeccttttt.  Verrry true to the books, IIRC.  I kind of wanted to hear that awkward question about where Lancel puts his seed, hah.  Oh, and Lancel is a very good actor.  Props to him.Stannis/Davos/Melisandre - shadow baby = perfect
59	BigWilleyStyle	2012-04-22	I thought they made good choices with some of the converged characters/plot lines.	Having Littlefinger push the idea of trading the girls for Jamie works for me. In the book, it's done as if Cat just woke up and decided she has to have her girls back. It also sets up the LittleFinger/Sansa escape scenario to be more transparent than they book.
I like the cliff hanger ending, but I wonder where in next weeks show the actual Assassination will take place. It will be somewhat anti-climatic if it happens in the 1st quarter of the show, but too drawn out if it goes to the end as well.
I think next weeks episode (Ghosts of Harrenhal) we will get to see Arya take active steps towards revenge.
					
					
							Edited by BigWilleyStyle, 22 April 2012 - 09:37 PM.
60	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	Loved the debut of Arya's prayer. I'm in the painstaking process of documenting my life from birth, trying to remember all the people that screwed me over. It'll be my version of counting sheep.Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll just damage yourself that way. Really, you will.You should instead be trying to remember all the people who made your world better and brighter.Trust me.  It might take you forty years to see the wisdom of what I have just written, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s true.
61	Craven Mummer	2012-04-22	I am mad about the mountain replacement. Conan was awesome, I'm hoping I misunderstood what was happening.
(null)
62	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-22	The Joffrey scene was too much,  Torturing whores like that is a bit far for him, even.  I can't even begin to imagine how Tyrion would react if that scene had actually occurred in the book.
63	JonHo	2012-04-22	Carice was fierce, wow.
64	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-04-22	I really liked this episode. Some parts more than others.
Loved the new map with Harrenhal and Quarth.
Loved Arya's prayer.
I thought Sansa was brilliant. Especially with her "loyal to my one true love" line, even after being beaten.
(Hated the whore scene. I get why they put it there, but that was hard to watch. We get it. He's a jerk.)
Gotta say, I was relieved Tywin rode in when he did. I was seriously worried they were about to kill of Gendry.
I also liked him talking to Arya.
Thought Tyrion and Lancel was hilarious!
Also, its been over a year or so since I've read the book (and they tend to run together for me), but what is the Peach that everyone keeps referring to as pertains to Renly? I can't seem to recall what that moment was, or its significance.
65	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Hated Robb's scene with the girl that I, before the season started, thought would be Jeyne Westerling. Hope Jeyne appears, not now, maybe next season.Pretty sure that was Jeyne Westerling.  They may just be removing her status as the daughter of a lord whose castle Robb captured, yet playing-up the nurse part.  It's been a while since I read the pertinent sections, but I seem to recall her mother (or grandmother?) was from a family of rich spicers upjumped to lords that married into the Westerling line (a house rich in honor, but poor in everything else) and somewhere in there somebody had married a foreigner (a Volantene, perhaps?) who was a rumored maegi, thus the foreign look.  The actress playing her is Charlie Chaplins granddaughter, I think. Margaery will occupy Lady Olena's role, that obvious (as some have preticted).I think so as well.
66	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-22	They really did a good job with the Loras makeover this season. Can we do something about Lancel next? The wigs on this show only look okay on Sean Bean. On anyone else, it's like flashbacks of working behind a register and wondering whether to go with "Sir," "Miss," or, screw it, "Have a nice day!"
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 22 April 2012 - 09:43 PM.
67	Doza	2012-04-22	He had antlers of deer nailed on the heads of a few merchants and catapulted them over the walls during the Blackwater Battle.  Torturing whores isn't such a huge leap.
68	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-22	Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll just damage yourself that way. Really, you will.You should instead be trying to remember all the people who made your world better and brighter.Trust me.  It might take you forty years to see the wisdom of what I have just written, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s true.I'm trying, heh. It's just so much easier to be spiteful.
69	ckal	2012-04-22	Why no mention of Beric Dondarrion!!!!!!He is one of my favorite characters in ACOK and you don't even see him. You just hear about him. About how he is just terrorizing all the Lannister troops. What the hell is the Brotherhood?And why would Lannister men every say that Loras Tyrell is a better swordsman than Jaime Lannister?
70	Stenbuck	2012-04-22	Joffrey/whores - blah, we get it. Joffrey is a douche. Sometimes I think they are trying to emphasize how despicable he is to "off-set" Cersei's wickedness, which is really starting to piss me off. Weird, stupid scene.Agreed, 100%!Littlefinger & Renly, Margaery, and Cat - they are definitely trying to make sure people don't forget LF. Renly scene was.....tolerable. Margaery - I don't know. Once again, Show LF stating the obvious to try to get on people's nerves for no reason. The one with Cat started out to be really bad. "I've loved you since I was a little boy..." Puh-leeze. That is not LF.Agreed, also. LF is my favorite book character, precisely because he just comes out of nowhere in books 3 and 4 showing that he's been backstabbing everyone, everywhere, all day long. They're making him too plain.I was a little disappointed in The Tickler. He didn't send any chills through my spineThis I have to disagree with. I think it was made abundantly clear in the book that the Tickler is one of the most ordinary men Arya has ever met. Even after having seen him torture people, she would remark that she would look at him and forget he was a Lannister man. Here are the passagesA man the others called the Tickler asked the questions. His face was so ordinary and his garb so plain that Arya might have thought him one of the villagers before she had seen him at his work.AndThe Tickler was almost too scary to hate. At times she could almost forget he was still with them; when he was not asking questions, he was just another soldier, quieter than most, with a face like a thousand other men.Overall a good episode, IMO, though I feel they are tacking on waaay too many extra scenes that are often redundant (Joffrey/Whores) or just out of character (most new LF scenes).EDIT:(Beric) is one of my favorite characters in ACOK and you don't even see him. You just hear about him. About how he is just terrorizing all the Lannister troops. What the hell is the Brotherhood?I agree, no mention of Beric seems strange, I hope they do not cut him out /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> But the Brotherhood is simply the Brotherhood without banners, Dondarrion's men. I do hope they don't keep them in without keeping their awesome leader, also, especially because they kept Ned's mission to him in last season (he even called Beric by name).
					
					
							Edited by Stenbuck, 22 April 2012 - 09:54 PM.
71	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Joff/Whore scene was pretty scary. Those poor girls. I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
72	ckal	2012-04-22	Also, its been over a year or so since I've read the book (and they tend to run together for me), but what is the Peach that everyone keeps referring to as pertains to Renly? I can't seem to recall what that moment was, or its significance.At the Stannis/Renly parley, in typical Renly fashion, he was making a lot of jokes and jabs at Stannis which got him extremely frustrated. At the boiling point, Renly reached into his vest to pull something out. Stannis reached for his sword as he thought Renly was drawing a blade on him. Renly pulled out a peach. I forget what he said about it though. Something in typical Renly fashion.
73	dtones520	2012-04-22	I am mad about the mountain replacement. Conan was awesome, I'm hoping I misunderstood what was happening.(null)Conan didn't come back because he got too if for his britches with other projects, even though he said himself that he was made to play the Mountain. Not the producers choice at all. So they hired a guy who played the White Walker in season one. He is talented with a sword and 7+ feet tall. Not the easiest person in the world to find.
74	blasted_saber	2012-04-22	I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />Ya, I had that thought as well.I think that scenes is HBO showing us that Joffrey, while cruel, isnt entirely stupid. Hes playing the Game of Thrones and not just being a pawn of his mother.
75	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-04-22	I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />AGREED> I was getting worried that I was about to see just how twisted HBO was going to make this.
76	Trebla	2012-04-22	They really need to put that hat back on Lancel.
77	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-04-22	At the Stannis/Renly parley, in typical Renly fashion, he was making a lot of jokes and jabs at Stannis which got him extremely frustrated. At the boiling point, Renly reached into his vest to pull something out. Stannis reached for his sword as he thought Renly was drawing a blade on him. Renly pulled out a peach. I forget what he said about it though. Something in typical Renly fashion.Oh, yep. Thanks!
78	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I have no problem with them making Joffrey even more wicked than he was before. He's a disgusting, depraved little monster. I tend to agree.  He's aged-up from the character in the books (along with pretty much all the other kids); does anyone truly doubt that petulant little cat-murdering Joffrey from the books would have become progressively more of a monster as he got older?
79	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-22	I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />The same here.Oh, and about Harrenhal, much more destroyed than I've pictured. Amazing.
80	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I don't have much of an issue with the violence.  The books contains significantly more violent scenes.  Since the episodes are so short, HBO has to make the scenes stick.  If you aren't a book reader then you wouldn't remember when the tickler shows up again, that is unless he's remembered...Agreed.  At least we were spared seeing a 3 year old boy's face smashed in with a mace for the unforgiveably crime of crying for his undoubtedly dead father.  And his distraught, multiple-raped mother beheaded right afterwards.  The books were far more graphic, both in violent and sexual content.
81	dark  sister	2012-04-22	You want to stick to the book and this is your favorite episode so far? That is some serious cognitive dissonance.Serious cognitive dissonance? Why do you have to verbally nasty?I felt that there were more scenes in this episode that actually stuck to the story, sometimes scenes taken verbatim (ex. Lancel and Tyrion's little midnight talk).  I thought that the idea of Qarth being a closed city was kind of strange, and in the book I believe at least Jorah knew about Qarth, but it is a merchant city. They were eager to see her dragons. I'm not sure why they created conflict like that.  Also, it's going to be more than passing strange if we see just that one shot of Drogon on Dany's shoulder for the rest of the season.  Aside from that, things were much more true to the book than previous episodes, also a lot less adding in scenes which weren't in the books (I think the only one here was LF being in Renly's camp).Last week, the different plots really felt like they connected better, thematically. I thought it was rather disjointed this week, and some of the scenes that were added... ugh. Is the surgeon we met tonight really going to be what takes the place of Jeyne Westerling? That's gonna be a hot messHow do you think they were 'connected better thematically'?  It seems to me that one moment we're in KL, the next we're with the NW, the next we're with Dany, then Arya..with not much segue, if any, in between.  I've noticed the episodes being like this pretty much from the start, although I've only watched each of them twice, so I could be wrong.  But that was the distinct impression I got.Also, I couldn't hear what name the surgeon girl offered up.  I have no clue why they would want to make her be from Volantis, when it makes much more sense (esp. for Robb's fate) for her to be a Westerling of the Crag.  It was obvious Robb was interested in her, and/or respected her, but I couldn't recognize her as the actress playing Jeyne.. Maybe she was just lying about Volantis so he wouldn't know she's a Lannister bannerwoman, or whatever.OTOH, I thought Joffrey with the whores was a disturbingly well done scene. A friend felt it was unnecessary because Joffrey's nature has already been shown, but I think it's one thing to suspect how much of a creep he is based on his boisterous actions in front of a crowd... it's another thing to see that he's 16 and he'd rather get one whore to beat up another than get a BJ. I mean, damn.I thought that was an important scene as well.  I think that whore was using a mace, as well.  It's clear to the audience now that he is a sadistic mutilator of women, and that his pent-up frustration with not being able to hurt Sansa was unfortunately taken out on these unsuspecting prostitutes.  I wonder what the fallout with Tyrion will be when he finds out.
82	ckal	2012-04-22	anika- No problem!
Yeah Harrenhall wasn't how I pictured it actually. This one is far more crumbled and decrepit looking that what I pictured.
83	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I also called it Qarth for the longest time. I don't feel as bad, now that the Mother of Dragons declared it so.Me too.   ;/
84	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-22	I love that they keep changing the opening credits seeing Harrenhal this week was awesome.
Things I loved:
All of the Arya scenes.  Harrenhal looks fricken amazing...like I can't believe how good and creepy it looked.
Charles Dance - Some of the best casting there IMO.  He is incredible as Tywin and that whole scene was fabulous.
Shadow baby was fricken creepy.
Tyrion/Lancel scene - So funny.
Bronn
Sansa
Stannis on the ship with Davos.  I loved the line about how a good act doesn't wash away the bad while a bad act doesn't wash away the good.  I think I'm going to love Dillane.
Maragarey and LF scene.  I liked Margarey much more this week.
Greywind!
No Cersei.
Things that were meh:
Dany...even though Qarth looked great I just dont like the her or the storyline.
I missed seeing Bran or the Night's Watch but it's understandable.
Things I hated:
Joffery/Whore scene.  I agree it was redundant and not needed and it was way to long.  They could have spent time elsewhere. This is my problem with the series...they spend too much time on made up scenes that are usually redundant (sometimes they strike gold I.E Jaime/Tywin in season 1) or completely pointless.
The budget...would have been cool to see a fight in the beginning.
					
					
							Edited by Jack's Smirking Revenge, 22 April 2012 - 10:01 PM.
85	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-22	Shadow baby worked better then I thought it would. Two thumbs up for me.Good episdode. Probably the best after Ep 201 this season.Wonder if the girl from Volantis will have a wider role?That is Jeyne Westerling.
86	ckal	2012-04-22	darksister- Joff/whores scene was not in the books. Tywin chatting it up with Arya and the others was not in the books, nor was the Gendry torture scene. Robb talking to some chick on the battlefield was not either. Roose Bolton also would not have spoken to Robb in ACOK IIRC, since their forces were separated the entire time.
There might be something else I'm missing, but I can't remember the entire ep.
87	eLL eSS	2012-04-22	I just want clarification on 2 things please, since I have read the books many times but things run together, and the order things happen are murky in my mind.
1. Littlefinger never went to Renly's camp right?  I think I remember Tyrion sending him from Kings Landing directly to Lysa, is that correct?
2. Arya was never Tywin's cupbearer, just Roose's, correct?
88	ckal	2012-04-22	This is my problem with the series...they spend too much time on made up scenes that are usually redundant (sometimes they strike gold I.E Jaime/Tywin in season 1) or completely pointless.The budget...would have been cool to see a fight in the beginning.So much this.
89	wolverine	2012-04-22	What no talk about Xaro?  I thought he looked a lot different than his character from the books, but this would be a change that I would not mind seeing.
The confrontation in front of Qarth seemed forced and kind of awkward.
Wish Catelyn would have just stabbed LF though.  That would have been sweet.  It seems like I have heard a lot of revisionist complaining about how hated Catelyn is by readers, as in, some people apparently like her in the books.  I continue to say the HBO series makes her way more likeable than the books.  And now they just gave her more of an out for her biggest, boner from the books releasing Jaimie.
90	LauraD	2012-04-22	Ok, so I get that there's a hell of a lot of backstory to get through here, but "I've loved you since I was a little boy"?  Seriously?  Littlefinger is CUNNING.  That's his single defining characteristic.  Sure, he's lovelorn, but that's a secondary trait to how god damn clever he is.  He's supposed to be the Cheshire Cat of Westeros.  Clever, creepy, snarky, but undeniably lovable.  But, the writers keep giving him the most obtuse lines.  "I've loved you since I was a little boy"?!  Gag much? A clever man does not confess to a grieving widow who definitely already knows that he loves her.  A clever man makes himself indespensible to her, perhaps by saving her children.  Or, a cleverer, less sweet man, marries her sister while manipulating her very similar, but younger and hotter daughter into his grasp.For a story that relies so heavily on identifying where characters have merit along with human or even monsterous flaws, the show writers are really failing Petyr.  They seem to think that his love for Cat is sympathetic?  I never felt that.  I always saw that aspect of him as a pathetic carryover from childhood that he resented.  The best part of him was that he's a small lord of no significant birth or fortune, and yet had managed to gain hold of Harrenhal and the Eyrie, and perhaps soon the rest of the Vale (And then, of course, the world. Bwahahaha.)  Name ONE other character who is that successful in that time frame.  Seriously, I think Bolton's Bastard might be the only real comparision in upward-movement.   Also when he pushed Lysa out the door.  Who didn't love him dearly then?I mean, I see what they're doing.  They're setting him up as sympathetic so that when he steals away Sansa and does various other deeds, it can be seen as done by a man suffering from chronic heartbreak.  I just though LF was made of sterner, more guiling stuff.
91	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-22	I liked the Joffrey/whores scene.  It established that t.v. Joffrey is more of a sadist than book Joffrey.  As someone else said, he's a teen boy given two beautiful women to do with what he wishes, and he chose to torture them.  I thought that it was a statement scene for his character.  Not a bad addition IMO.
I'm 99.99% sure that the "Volantis" girl is Jeyne Westerling.
To me, this was the second best episode of the season behind episode 3, and I get the feeling that things are really going to start picking up next week.
92	ckal	2012-04-22	I just want clarification on 2 things please, since I have read the books many times but things run together, and the order things happen are murky in my mind.1. Littlefinger never went to Renly's camp right?  I think I remember Tyrion sending him from Kings Landing directly to Lysa, is that correct?Correct. Littlefinger was only sent out to the Tyrell camp later on to broker a marriage between Margaery and Joffrey. The part you are remembering with Tyrion sending Littlefinger to Lysa in the Vale was when he was trying to determine who in the small council was a spy for Cersei. Littlefinger never actually went to the Vale though, since he found out what happened with Pycelle and that Tyrion just played him.2. Arya was never Tywin's cupbearer, just Roose's, correct?Correct. When Arya first got to Harrenhall she would see Tywin around, but they never exchanged words. For time and condensing Arya's story, I'm sure is the reason for the change. Should be interesting though
93	Berginer	2012-04-22	This new girl is Jeyne, it's confirmed she's had a name change but not sure if they changed her story and her house.
94	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-22	Ok, so I get that there's a hell of a lot of backstory to get through here, but "I've loved you since I was a little boy"?  Seriously?  Littlefinger is CUNNING.  That's his single defining characteristic.  Sure, he's lovelorn, but that's a secondary trait to how god damn clever he is.  He's supposed to be the Cheshire Cat of Westeros.  Clever, creepy, snarky, but undeniably lovable.  But, the writers keep giving him the most obtuse lines.  "I've loved you since I was a little boy"?!  Gag much?A clever man does not confess to a grieving widow who definitely already knows that he loves her.  A clever man makes himself indespensible to her, perhaps by saving her children.  Or, a cleverer, less sweet man, marries her sister while manipulating her very similar, but younger and hotter daughter into his grasp.For a story that relies so heavily on identifying where characters have merit along with human or even monsterous flaws, the show writers are really failing Petyr.  They seem to think that his love for Cat is sympathetic?  I never felt that.  I always saw that aspect of him as a pathetic carryover from childhood that he resented.  The best part of him was that he's a small lord of no significant birth or fortune, and yet had managed to gain hold of Harrenhal and the Eyrie, and perhaps soon the rest of the Vale (And then, of course, the world. Bwahahaha.)  Name ONE other character who is that successful in that time frame.  Seriously, I think Bolton's Bastard might be the only real comparision in upward-movement.   Also when he pushed Lysa out the door.  Who didn't love him dearly then?I mean, I see what they're doing.  They're setting him up as sympathetic so that when he steals away Sansa and does various other deeds, it can be seen as done by a man suffering from chronic heartbreak.  I just though LF was made of sterner, more guiling stuff.I agree.  That line was the worst thing about this episode for me.  Book LF would never have said it.  TV LF isn't as cunning as book LF.  In the book, LF is a brilliant operator and financier, personally keeping the kingdom afloat finacially.  This doesn't come accross on TV, where the character is much more hamhanded.  That said, he's perfectly cast/
95	Darth Pipes	2012-04-22	Really enjoyed the episode!
I knew things were off to a good addition when the map was updated.  I liked how Harrenhal dididn't move, it is a dying castle.  Then we see the map shift dramatically to Qarth.  I was very, very impressed with the CGI on both cities.  Along with the long shot of the Red Waste, you can definitely tell that some of the budget increase when to the FX backgrounds.  Very well-done.
"White Knight" Tywin was unexpected.  I agree he's not type of man to mix it up with smallfolk but as ruthless as he is, he is also pragmatic.  Why kill prisoners who have little information when you can put them to work.  Tywin and Arya should be a fascinating dynamic.  I have to admit having some concern about it.  If Arya is dealing with Tywin, how can she possibly forget to include him on her death list?  But I think the angle they're working here is Tywin being a different man that she expected but when she learns that he's going to march on Robb's army, she realizes she should have included him on her list.  Terrific work by Maise Williams as Arya descends into a hellish position.  Charles Dance is always a welcome presence.  He's definitely majestic.
I was sorry the Mountain had to be recast.  I think the original actor got another role elsewhere.  It's a shame...the original Mountain wasn't in Season 1 much but damn, did that guy ever look intimidating.  You can definitely see why people would wet themselves in fear when looking at him.
The Joffrey/whores scene was disturbing but Jack Gleason did knock it out of the ballpark.  Tyrion's idea wasn't bad (he does ponder it briefly in the book) but even he underestimated how depraved his nephew is.  I agree it didn't have to be there and it dragged on far too long.
Considering how unsubtle this show is (the aforementioned Joffrey whore scene, some of LF's monologues, etc.), I was surprised that they resisted showing Ned's remains.  It was for the best as Michelle Fairley sold the hell out of that scene.  Getting her and Littlefinger together again was a good idea.  It's always been a mystery to me just how known Littlefinger's betrayal of Ned was.  No one, not Cat nor anyone from the North seems to know about it, save for the court of King's Landing.  Well-done scene and for those concerned, it is still Tyrion's idea and not Littlefinger.
The Stannis/Renly parlay was good although the book scene was far superior.  I'm glad they kept Renly's flippant attitude and I bought his "To think, I once loved the man" line.  I liked Stannis's scene with Davos better and it felt the most like Stannis so far on the show.  It does look like Davos just has one son on the show.  The shadowbaby scene was as "WTF?" as it was in the book.  Good job.
96	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-22	I liked the Joffrey/whores scene.  It established that t.v. Joffrey is more of a sadist than book Joffrey.  As someone else said, he's a teen boy given two beautiful women to do with what he wishes, and he chose to torture them.  I thought that it was a statement scene for his character.  Not a bad addition IMO.I'm not so sure that he's that much more sadistic in the show.  He's fucked up in the book, he enjoyed shooting people with his crossbow.  They should have just had the Sansa scene like it was in the book...much more brutal. Would have saved some time.Also I was a bit disappointed in The Tickler.  Just the fact that he wasn't as creepy as I imagined.  Still the Harrenhal scenes were the highlight IMO.
97	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-22	You want to stick to the book and this is your favorite episode so far? That is some serious cognitive dissonance.Last week, the different plots really felt like they connected better, thematically. I thought it was rather disjointed this week, and some of the scenes that were added... ugh. Is the surgeon we met tonight really going to be what takes the place of Jeyne Westerling? That's gonna be a hot mess.OTOH, I thought Joffrey with the whores was a disturbingly well done scene. A friend felt it was unnecessary because Joffrey's nature has already been shown, but I think it's one thing to suspect how much of a creep he is based on his boisterous actions in front of a crowd... it's another thing to see that he's 16 and he'd rather get one whore to beat up another than get a BJ. I mean, damn.You want to stick to the book and this is your favorite episode so far? That is some serious cognitive dissonance.Last week, the different plots really felt like they connected better, thematically. I thought it was rather disjointed this week, and some of the scenes that were added... ugh. Is the surgeon we met tonight really going to be what takes the place of Jeyne Westerling? That's gonna be a hot mess.OTOH, I thought Joffrey with the whores was a disturbingly well done scene. A friend felt it was unnecessary because Joffrey's nature has already been shown, but I think it's one thing to suspect how much of a creep he is based on his boisterous actions in front of a crowd... it's another thing to see that he's 16 and he'd rather get one whore to beat up another than get a BJ. I mean, damn.Exactly! That scene showed perfectly Joffreys true character. Only a twisted, demented, sadistic psychopath would bypass sex for torture. It makes me believe that he did sexually abuse Tommen, being that he wasn't interested in the women alone in his bed chambers.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 22 April 2012 - 10:09 PM.
98	True Northerner	2012-04-22	I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />ME TOO! I was strangely relived to see it just be used for beating. I think that would be too far...even for HBO.
99	Craven Mummer	2012-04-22	We have to get some Baric and Thoros before this season is over. They just can't spring them on us when they drag uncat out of the river. Can they? 
I don't see how they could cut them out.
(null)
100	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-22	I'm not so sure that he's that much more sadistic in the show.  He's fucked up in the book, he enjoyed shooting people with his crossbow.The book never implied that Joff was sexually aroused by torture.  This scene did, IMO.  Book Joff was sadistic, but TV Joff is off the charts.
101	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-22	ME TOO! I was strangely relived to see it just be used for beating. I think that would be too far...even for HBO.My wife and I said the same thing!
102	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	Best episode of the season. Loved it!! Shadow Baby rules!
103	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-22	Does anybody have the preveiw for next episode, i kinda prematurely deleted my recording from my dvr.
104	J_Crews	2012-04-22	He had antlers of deer nailed on the heads of a few merchants and catapulted them over the walls during the Blackwater Battle.  Torturing whores isn't such a huge leap. Agreed 1000%.  People are having trouble with the added scenes of Joffrey being cruel and misogynistic, because they're admittedly jarring and hard to watch; but they're missing the point... those scenes are *SUPPOSED* to be jarring and hard to watch.
105	wolverine	2012-04-22	I am mad about the mountain replacement. Conan was awesome, I'm hoping I misunderstood what was happening.(null)That was The Mountain in this episode?   Boo.
106	J_Crews	2012-04-22	What the hell is the Brotherhood?Beric Dondarrion's little rag-tag troupe is called the Brotherhood Without Banners.
107	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-04-22	When Lancel was getting ready to leave Tyrion's room, I kept expecting to see the tortured whore being "delivered" back to him. I wonder if we will get to see the aftermath of that in the next episode.
108	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	Was the girl from Volantis supposed to be Jeyne Westerling? She did say her name was something else. Joffery is a piece of garbage and i felt sick watching that scene. I wish they would have just had him crossbowing some cats. I have a hard time watching women being abused. It did make me hate him even more which I didnt think was possible.
109	LauraD	2012-04-22	God, the Joffrey scene was really difficult.  I kept thinking that if it were me, what would I do?  Smart little bastard, picking up the crossbow.
110	Howdyphillip	2012-04-22	I am dumbfounded that someone would get through watching this great pile of awesomeness and then run immediately to their computer to start complaining about it. Here are some facts...1. The TV show is not the books. It is based on the books. It is also being translated with as much care and appreciation as any work of fantasy that I have ever seen. This includes the LOTR movies by Peter Jackson. I actually think this is much closer to the books.2. The characters are not the exact same characters. First of all, to eliminate confusion, some characters have been merged with other character, and some have taken on different personalities. The point, is that the overall story arc is still being lovingly told here. I try not to judge any performance based on the book character, but instead base it on how well they are acted. So far the level of acting in this series is as remarkable as anything that i have ever seen on television, including Shae, Peter Baelish, and Joffery. They are nailing their performances every time. They are all achieving the emotional discourse that they are being directed in outstandingly.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is.
111	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-22	Joffrey scene wasn't as bad I imagined it would be, the really bad thing happened off screen.
112	True Northerner	2012-04-22	The birthing of the shadowbaby was amazingly well done!! I can't wait to watch the episode with my wife tomorrow...she's never read the books, and I can't wait to watch her reaction.
I have zero problems with an adaptation making changes...but please please let people be right and that the Volantis girl is just Jeyne undercover. 
Joff/whores scene. Really hard to watch, but liked it as an addition. Any questions regarding Joffrey is a sadist (both in the book and the tv show ) can be laid to rest.
113	Doza	2012-04-22	I did have issues with the Reny camp scene.  Littlefinger only arrived after Reny died.  Why he's toting around Ned's bones for a chance encounter with Cat is beyond me.  To top it all off, he gives her the idea to exchange Jamie for the girls.  Nope, sorry, Cat though of that ridiculous notion all by her ignorant self.
Why even bother planting that seed?
114	blasted_saber	2012-04-22	Future book spoilers. Sorry dont know how to do spoiler script
If the dragons werent shown for budgetary constraints, what the hell are they going to do in the upcoming seasons?
End
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 22 April 2012 - 10:19 PM.
115	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I just want clarification on 2 things please, since I have read the books many times but things run together, and the order things happen are murky in my mind.1. Littlefinger never went to Renly's camp right?  I think I remember Tyrion sending him from Kings Landing directly to Lysa, is that correct?2. Arya was never Tywin's cupbearer, just Roose's, correct?1. Correct, then not correct.  He went to bring the Tyrells into the fold after Renly bites it.2. Correct
116	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I liked the Joffrey/whores scene.  It established that t.v. Joffrey is more of a sadist than book Joffrey.  As someone else said, he's a teen boy given two beautiful women to do with what he wishes, and he chose to torture them.  I thought that it was a statement scene for his character.  Not a bad addition IMO.I'm 99.99% sure that the "Volantis" girl is Jeyne Westerling.To me, this was the second best episode of the season behind episode 3, and I get the feeling that things are really going to start picking up next week. Agree on all points.  This Joffrey is several years older than book Joffrey, and, therefore, further along in the progression of becoming the Devil-incarnate.
117	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-22	Well tbh the dragons aren't seen a lot in ADWD until the end.
118	J_Crews	2012-04-22	The book never implied that Joff was sexually aroused by torture.  This scene did, IMO.  Book Joff was sadistic, but TV Joff is off the charts.Because he's several years older.
119	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	I thought book joffery is the same age if not older then Robb. In the Show he seems about 14. Am I wrong?
120	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I am dumbfounded that someone would get through watching this great pile of awesomeness and then run immediately to their computer to start complaining about it. Here are some facts...1. The TV show is not the books. It is based on the books. It is also being translated with as much care and appreciation as any work of fantasy that I have ever seen. This includes the LOTR movies by Peter Jackson. I actually think this is much closer to the books.2. The characters are not the exact same characters. First of all, to eliminate confusion, some characters have been merged with other character, and some have taken on different personalities. The point, is that the overall story arc is still being lovingly told here. I try not to judge any performance based on the book character, but instead base it on how well they are acted. So far the level of acting in this series is as remarkable as anything that i have ever seen on television, including Shae, Peter Baelish, and Joffery. They are nailing their performances every time. They are all achieving the emotional discourse that they are being directed in outstandingly.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is. Agreed.
121	Winterfell is Burning	2012-04-22	My only major complaint is there was no peach in the Stannis-Renly scene. That's just wrong.
122	MegasAV	2012-04-22	I think the the tv series showing Joffrey's interactions with the two prostitutes demonstrating  the sadistic side of his character is sort of like the pregnant cat story in the novel which caused Robert Baratheon to strike him as a child, interesting the Hbos producers take I believe at least.
123	Jory	2012-04-22	One of the producers said "Stannis would make a terrible king". Oh hell no
124	IronSuitor	2012-04-22	If the dragons werent shown for budgetary constraints, what the hell are they going to do in the upcoming seasons?When dragons are necessary to the plot, they'll show the freaking dragons. Indulging in dragon showing every time you want a peak would be a one way ticket to a disappointing Battle of the Blackwater.
125	Dirty Steve	2012-04-22	My only major complaint is there was no peach in the Stannis-Renly scene. That's just wrong. Really? That is a actual complaint?
126	dtones520	2012-04-22	I am dumbfounded that someone would get through watching this great pile of awesomeness and then run immediately to their computer to start complaining about it. Here are some facts...1. The TV show is not the books. It is based on the books. It is also being translated with as much care and appreciation as any work of fantasy that I have ever seen. This includes the LOTR movies by Peter Jackson. I actually think this is much closer to the books.2. The characters are not the exact same characters. First of all, to eliminate confusion, some characters have been merged with other character, and some have taken on different personalities. The point, is that the overall story arc is still being lovingly told here. I try not to judge any performance based on the book character, but instead base it on how well they are acted. So far the level of acting in this series is as remarkable as anything that i have ever seen on television, including Shae, Peter Baelish, and Joffery. They are nailing their performances every time. They are all achieving the emotional discourse that they are being directed in outstandingly.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is.Well said. Agree 100%. Book readers should be happy that this story is being told on tv and on a channel that can truly do it justice. It's an adaptation, name me an adaptation that is 100% accurate to its source material and i will name you a liar.Not many books get portrayed with such great production quality, acting, budget, etc. Plus, the overall story that the books tell is being told, just in a more t.v./hbo friendly manner.
127	HokieStone	2012-04-22	I'm kinda neutral on the Joffrey scene.  Didn't love it, didn't hate it. 
Whatever the story is, I'm sorry the guy who played the Mountain last year isn't back.  The new guy isn't half as imposing.
I completely understand why roles have to be merged, some storylines cut, etc.  Even with all that, I fear that as the show goes on, it may start shedding viewers.  We're almost halfway through the season, and we've had what, 5 minutes of Robb?  Dany has had maybe 10-15 minutes, most of it tonight.  Major characters from season 1 that are missing for entire episodes...and it's only going to get worse.
128	IronSuitor	2012-04-22	I am dumbfounded that someone would get through watching this great pile of awesomeness and then run immediately to their computer to start complaining about it. Here are some facts...1. The TV show is not the books. It is based on the books. It is also being translated with as much care and appreciation as any work of fantasy that I have ever seen. This includes the LOTR movies by Peter Jackson. I actually think this is much closer to the books.2. The characters are not the exact same characters. First of all, to eliminate confusion, some characters have been merged with other character, and some have taken on different personalities. The point, is that the overall story arc is still being lovingly told here. I try not to judge any performance based on the book character, but instead base it on how well they are acted. So far the level of acting in this series is as remarkable as anything that i have ever seen on television, including Shae, Peter Baelish, and Joffery. They are nailing their performances every time. They are all achieving the emotional discourse that they are being directed in outstandingly.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is.This should be pinned to the top of every single one of these threads.
129	pinkie10	2012-04-22	I don't think the Joffrey whore scene was meant to solidify his sadistic nature (which it obviously did) but to seek revenge on Tyrion, send the whores back all bloody to sort of tell Tyrion "I don't want gifts from you, Imp."
Jeyne Westerling is being replaced by Oona Chaplin, that nurse. I like her. Who really cares where Jeyne Westerling comes from? Even if she is lying to Robb about being from Volantis (which I assume she is), if she is from the South, who cares what her actual name is?
The new Mountain is too skinny and not as scary as Conan (old Mountain). I'll deal.
I liked the Tickler scenes because in the book he is described as plain-faced and difficult to remember when not torturing people and that is what he is in the show, just a normal-looking dude. Well casted.
The Dany scene was awkward but sets up relationship between her and Xaro.
I still can not get over the lack of peach at the Baratheon parley. It seemed rushed and I hated it even though it was well acted.
Also, is it me or is Harrenhal in the wrong place on the opening map? I always thought it was almost just north of King's Landing. In the opening credits, it was on the west side of Westeros.
I have a sneaking suspicion that the next episode will begin with Renly just being dead. Hope that's not the case.
130	Darth Pipes	2012-04-22	I agree.  That line was the worst thing about this episode for me.  Book LF would never have said it.  TV LF isn't as cunning as book LF.  In the book, LF is a brilliant operator and financier, personally keeping the kingdom afloat finacially.  This doesn't come accross on TV, where the character is much more hamhanded.  That said, he's perfectly cast/Count me in as also agreeing with this.  Littlefinger very much resembled his book character in this episode except in this one scene.  He's far too clever and calculating to try to put the moves on Cat while she is still grieving, especially considering that Cat rightly believes he betrayed her husband.  That is NOT calculating.  Littlefinger is supposed to show that kind of weakness...that is not the character he is.  I'm sure if he could pull it off, he WOULD eventually try to seduce Catelyn but not until he had convinced her that he wasn't responsible for his death and after she had mourned for her husband.Littlefinger revealed the kind of man he was in the books when he betrayed Ned.  But he was also a man to play his cards close to his vest.  The sexposition monologue last season, openly mocking Cersei about her relationship with Jaime, the monlogue with Ros, and trying to seduce a recently widowed Cat are not moves Littlefinger would make.  That's not the character he's supposed to be.  There are plenty of other characters who would act that way but NOT Littlefinger.  They don't need to be so overt as to his motivations.  He's supposed to keep you guessing as to his next move.
					
					
							Edited by Darth Pipes, 22 April 2012 - 10:47 PM.
131	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-22	- the Tyrion/Lancel exchange was probably my favorite scene, Lancel oddly is one of my favorite and IMO one of the most interesting non-POV characters in the books - where he starts, his both psychological and physical journey and where he is currently at in the books and his ultimate and as of yet unknown fate - he has always fascinated me....
132	PhoenixFlame	2012-04-22	Was Stannis the Grammar Nazi in the books? It's great touch. "Fewer." XD
Lancel got pwned. Thanks to some other boarder who once referred to him as "Little Red Riding Lancel," that name is stuck in my head.
Ok...the thing about the new Mountain that bugs me is his voice. He sounds way too polished. In the books the dude comes across as barely capable of holding a conversation. "Grr. Argh. SWORD!" That said, it's a hard role to fill physically.
I liked the Shadowbaby scene more here than in the books. In the books I just pictured this little shadow dude running off. Loved the whole crawling screeching thing. Mel's belly contorting as she birthed it...blech! /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
133	blasted_saber	2012-04-22	I have a sneaking suspicion that the next episode will begin with Renly just being dead. Hope that's not the case.Ya, thats what I see happening as well.
134	J_Crews	2012-04-22	I thought book joffery is the same age if not older then Robb. In the Show he seems about 14. Am I wrong?I could be insane, but I thought he was turning 14 in the book at the name day tourney this season started with; whereas he's being played closer to being 17 or 18 by an actor who is a student at Trinity College in real life.  Someone feel free to correct me, if I'm wrong.  I think all the kids in this show are 3 years older than their book counterparts.
135	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-22	In one of the trailers you see a reaction shot of brienne and Catlyn, so I'm pretty sure we see Renly die.
136	MegasAV	2012-04-22	Count me in as also agreeing with this.  Littlefinger very much resembled his book character in this episode except in this one scene.  He's far too clever and calculating to try to put the moves on Cat while she is still grieving, especially considering that Cat rightly believes he betrayed her husband.  That is NOT calculating.  Littlefinger is supposed to show that kind of weakness...that is not the character he is.  I'm sure if he could pull it off, he WOULD eventually try to "seduce" Catelyn but not until he had convinced her that he wasn't responsible for his death and after she had mourned for her husband.Littlefinger revealed the kind of man he was in the books when he betrayed Ned.  But he was also a man to play his cards close to his vest.  The sexposition monologue last season, openly mocking Cersei about her relationship with Jaime, the monlogue with Ros, and trying to seduce a recently widowed Cat are not moves Littlefinger would make.  That's not the character he's supposed to be.  There are plenty of other characters who would act that way but NOT Littlefinger.  They don't need to be so overt as to his motivations.  He's supposed to keep you guessing as to his next move.I agree in the context of LF bringing the bones of her recently deceased husband, of which she knew he was a participant in his death, and LF stating that fate has given them another chance, is absurd.
137	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	I thought this episode was the worst so far.  My husband, who is in the middle of ASoS, is totally confused, while I just nerd rage:
1.  Tyrion thought about getting Joffrey a whore, but never acted upon it.  The scene with Joffrey and the whores was unnecessary.  We know he's awful, and right now, he's more awful than Cersei And Theon combined.  
2.  I liked the setting up of the Tyrion/Sansa/Sandor thing, though when Sandor gave her his cloak, I just screamed, "Not now, damn it, not now!". 
3.  Arya as Tywin's cupbearer.  What in the hell are the writers/directors/producers doing?  
4.  Harrenhal looked exactly as I imagined it.  husband said the same thing. 
5.  Really liked Tyrion's exchange with Lancel.  Peter Dinklage is great as always, and Eugene Simon did an outstanding job as Lancel.  
6.  The torture scenes at Harrenhal--good, but I wanted to hear the words of the interrogation, all of them?  Did they really need to edit the whole "is there gold in the village?" questioning.  
7.  Davos is rowing Melisandre over to give birth to a shadow baby to kill Renly?  Why, why, why?  He despised doing it to kill Ser Cortnay Penrose, and it made us love him for hating Melisandre and for hating doing this duty for Stannis.  Davos involved in Renly's death?   Writers, etc. Why?
8.  Hated Renly saying he loved his brother, Stannisq, once.  Renly never loved Stannis and would never say this.  And Stannis' offer to make him heir?  So out of character given his feelings for Renly that it is laughable. 
9.  Margaery and Baelish have a conversation about at Renly's camp about the status of her marriage.  Natalie Dormer did well, but again writers/producers, why? 
10.  Baelish brings Cat Ned's bones.  Now the episode is bordering on being ludicrous.  
11.  I assume we met Jeyne Westerling tonight.  If so, I like the tv version much better than the book version.  Except for the fact that this Jeyne Westerling reminds me nothing of the Jeyne Westerling of the books, but hey, I'm sure the writers/directors/producers will figure out some bizarre way to deal with Sybell Spicer giving her daughter moon tea next season.  
12.  Qarth--was another wtf? 
13.  Caprice van Houten did a great job in the birthing of the shadow baby scene.   First time I liked her.  
14.  Best things about this episode--Harrenhall and the shadow baby.
138	MSUMC25	2012-04-22	I love what they are doing with LF.  They are really foreshadowing on why he begins to plot against the Lannisters with Cersei threatening him, Tyrion's deception, and that scene with Cat when he realizes she hates him now.   They are setting it up perfectly as the red wedding being the final straw for him deciding to save Sansa.
I thought for sure they were going to end it with Renly dead but that was a killer cliff hanger.  People are going to be shocked next week if they haven't read the books.  The shadow baby is really the first time sorcery appears in the books so it's really going to throw everyone for a loop.
I wonder if they are going to show the Battle between Edmure and Tywin Lannister at Riverrun or if it's going to be edited out?
139	Jory	2012-04-22	And Stannis' offer to make him heir?  So out of character given his feelings for Renly that it is laughable.There was a lot I didn't like about it, but this was taken straight from the books /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
140	AnikaUnderfoot	2012-04-22	Ya, thats what I see happening as well.If they did do it that way (just starting off the episode with Renly being dead), I wonder how the non-book audience would take it. On one hand, Stannis made it pretty clear that he was in it to win the war, and he obviously sent Davos and Mel to go do something for the war effort, but Im just curious how the non-book readers would make their connections between the shadow baby, Renly's death, and then being segued into Brienne being blamed for it.
141	frametown	2012-04-22	Budget constraints, seriously?  These shows are insanely well done.  
And I imagine that shadow baby wasn't cheap.  Babies never are.
142	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	And to all the people who say just get over the fact that the tv show is not the books verbatim.  I get it.  I get that the tv shown is just based on the books.  However, as you are entitled to your opinion, I am also entitled to mine, and that is this much character and plot divergence is a disservice to a really good story, and frankly, a disservice to the amazing season AGoT had last year.
143	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	@ Jory... Seriously?  I gotta get out my copy of ACoK now.
144	MSUMC25	2012-04-22	@squire They have to edit/change certain things to meet the budget and squeeze 1200 pages into a 10 hour episode.  They don't need to show two shadow babies if you hadn't read the books you would just assume with Renly dead Storm's End would yield to the last remaining Baratheon alive in Stannis.  Qarth looked amazing so I'm not sure what the big deal is there.
Plus in my opinion I like that things don't follow verbatim it keeps it interesting.  I think the writers have done a great job of adding some to the story i.e. Jamie and Ned actually fighting in the first season.
145	Trebla	2012-04-22	Well the thing about LF is that Cat is his biggest weakness. It always had been and remained so for the rest of her life. His making a move on Cat is similar to his kissing Sansa in the snow. Varys had it right when he lamented in the book on how clever men can be fools for love.
146	Ser Joe of House Targaryen	2012-04-22	Overall I really enjoyed this episode. Thought the Tyrion scenes were just tops. Same with Arya's scenes. The only parts I didn't care for were Dany's scene and Joffrey's whore scene. Shame that after not seeing Dany that this crappy scene is what they do with her. And Joff's part just seemed so pointless. While reading the books he always seemed like a typical spoiled rich kid, who got bored and did stupid things. Not a so much a monster like the show is portraying him.
147	True Northerner	2012-04-22	I thought this episode was the worst so far.  My husband, who is in the middle of ASoS, is totally confused, while I just nerd rage:1.  Tyrion thought about getting Joffrey a whore, but never acted upon it.  The scene with Joffrey and the whores was unnecessary.  We know he's awful, and right now, he's more awful than Cersei And Theon combined.  2.  I liked the setting up of the Tyrion/Sansa/Sandor thing, though when Sandor gave her his cloak, I just screamed, "Not now, damn it, not now!". 3.  Arya as Tywin's cupbearer.  What in the hell are the writers/directors/producers doing?  4.  Harrenhal looked exactly as I imagined it.  husband said the same thing. 5.  Really liked Tyrion's exchange with Lancel.  Peter Dinklage is great as always, and Eugene Simon did an outstanding job as Lancel.  6.  The torture scenes at Harrenhal--good, but I wanted to hear the words of the interrogation, all of them?  Did they really need to edit the whole "is there gold in the village?" questioning.  7.  Davos is rowing Melisandre over to give birth to a shadow baby to kill Renly?  Why, why, why?  He despised doing it to kill Ser Cortnay Penrose, and it made us love him for hating Melisandre and for hating doing this duty for Stannis.  Davos involved in Renly's death?   Writers, etc. Why?8.  Hated Renly saying he loved his brother, Stannisq, once.  Renly never loved Stannis and would never say this.  And Stannis' offer to make him heir?  So out of character given his feelings for Renly that it is laughable. 9.  Margaery and Baelish have a conversation about at Renly's camp about the status of her marriage.  Natalie Dormer did well, but again writers/producers, why? 10.  Baelish brings Cat Ned's bones.  Now the episode is bordering on being ludicrous.  11.  I assume we met Jeyne Westerling tonight.  If so, I like the tv version much better than the book version.  Except for the fact that this Jeyne Westerling reminds me nothing of the Jeyne Westerling of the books, but hey, I'm sure the writers/directors/producers will figure out some bizarre way to deal with Sybell Spicer giving her daughter moon tea next season.  12.  Qarth--was another wtf? 13.  Caprice van Houten did a great job in the birthing of the shadow baby scene.   First time I liked her.  14.  Best things about this episode--Harrenhall and the shadow baby.I think, and with all due respect, you aren't appreciating that this is an adaptation, not a word for word dramatic reenactment with unlimited time, budget and an audience of just readers.Watching an adaptation means changes. The heart of the story is the same. there have been many novels that I chose to not watch the film adaptation of, because I knew it would break my heart.Bearing in mind that very few, if any, novels get to be adapted into over 20+ hours of film and counting, we are a fortunate group.The only way to recreate the series perfectly would be to reread.
148	James Arryn	2012-04-22	Mel's getting better, and the shadow baby scene was well done, but I had one issue with the whole smuggling thing: weren't they being pretty loud?
I mean, I've never smuggled, but half shouting theological counterpoints seems counterproductive to the whole 'black sail, black ship, try not to be noticed' thing.
149	nachoknight	2012-04-22	I enjoyed the episode like all the others. Just some thoughts I had.
The Tickler was much creepier in my head. The rats didn't even bother me. Maybe I've learned something about myself that I didn't really want to know.
I miss Conan Stevens as The Mountain. The replacement is too lean and just isn't as intimidating. He just looks like a really tall dude.
Harrenhal is nothing like I pictured it, but I like it.
Shadow baby was better than I pictured it.
I forgot what else I was going to say because the site stopped responding.
150	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	@Jory...I'll be damned.  Stannis does say this, after Renly tells him he never liked him, but has no wish to slay his own blood, and offers him Storm's End as a gift.  However, you are correct, Stannis does tell Renly he will make him his heir.  I guess I'm just the classic example of a premature nerd rage (but I stand by my other statements, until proven wrong, of course).
151	Trebla	2012-04-22	@ Jory... Seriously? I gotta get out my copy of ACoK now.yeah. After Stannis says that bit about until a son is born to him, Renly mocks Selyse and alludes to the Patchface rumor. That's when Stannis busts out Lightbringer.
152	Sword Of Mid Afternoon	2012-04-22	I can't beleive they didn't show what the shadow did. My non-book-read brother asked me if it was a dragon.
So there is a Bolton, Jaqen is of the red lot, and Penrose/Renly shall be merged. Interesting.
Joffrey is turning into a right proper monster.
New Mountain, new mountain armor = thumbs down.
Qarth scene made it seem ridiculously odd that they didn't just shoot some crossbows and take the dragons.
By the by, you can't go around sawing off limbs. If you don't caulderize the stump, you bleed to death and if somehow you don't bleed out, you now have a limb-sized wound to get infected.
HBO interactive has the feature "Look through Talisa's medical kit" I didn't think it was Jeyne at first, but i think that is the actress cast presumably for Book-Jeyne's role.
"The next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him."
Harrenhall was not as I pictured it in my mind. I pictured the massive 'entering through the gate was like walking through a tunnel' well built but castle but with some towers turned to slag. I also figured Dany had more than 20 people w/ her.
I liked Raqarro much better than the other fella who remains.
This all said, this is easily my 2nd favorite episode thus far, almost my favorite.
Though I def liked book Renly better, I'm going to miss this one as well.
Well looks like we'll get to see who Brienne is stabbing in the next episode. Probably another rainbow guard... rather than loras killing them.
Why is your stag on fire?
Salt and smoke, is he a ham?
Ah, gay renly, how we shall miss thee.
Final Observation ... yet another ~50 minute episode. One would think that if your problem is too much to include, you would maximize episode time. Over the season we're looking at two whole episodes worth of time being lost.
153	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Stannis' offer to make him heir?  So out of character given his feelings for Renly that it is laughable.Happened in the book, pretty much word for word.
154	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	@True Northerner
I have re-read (3 times).  I am not expecting a verbatim recreation of the books.  I just like the tv show much better when it stays as true to the original story as can be expected given the constraints of the medium of television.  As I indicated, just my opinion.  I realize others have differing ones.
155	teemo	2012-04-22	This I have to disagree with. I think it was made abundantly clear in the book that the Tickler is one of the most ordinary men Arya has ever met. Even after having seen him torture people, she would remark that she would look at him and forget he was a Lannister man. Here are the passagesMaybe I miswrote.  I know how the Tickler looks, I actually have those same passages marked and read them before the tv airing.  I was glad that he looked very nondescript like the book stated, but I remember how much his questions instilled fear into Arya.  That was part of what was so scary about him.  A ordinary looking man, but extremely scary and chilling when he did his "tickling."  In aSoS in the inn, shivers went down her spine when she heard the Tickler ask a question.  I just expected to be a little more scared by him.
156	blasted_saber	2012-04-22	Just wanted to say again how awesome the shadow baby scene was
I mean, I love the books as well as the next person on this board, but the produces must have had sleepless nights trying to figure out how they were going to pull that scene off without making it look like a really bad, B rated straight to DVD movie release.
Try explaining that scene to a non-fan and make them think it could look even half good. But HBO once again NAILED it.
:handclap:
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 22 April 2012 - 11:09 PM.
157	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	@J.S. Crews
Did you not read my statement acknowledging that I was wrong?  It's ok.  I'll say it again.  I was wrong about Stannis' offering to make Renly his heir.  It's clearly in the books.  In fact, i'mnlooking at the page now.....
158	Ser Wun Wun	2012-04-22	The only thing I didn't like about this episode was that it did not end where I expected it to.  I thought for sure we would end this one with 
	Spoiler Renly's death in the tent
 and that would set up the cliffhanger for next week.  It would have been epic.  I don't know why they would push that to the beginning of next week's episode.
They ended it at 50 min too, so they had at least 10 more minutes to fit it in.
159	teemo	2012-04-22	You know, there is absolutely nothing wrong with being an asoiaf purist and getting frustrated with the show.  Do some of us ever take it too far?  Probably.  But it's understandable for people who love these books so much to get annoyed when things get changed that they don't want to, even if it's small.  I think some people take it a little too far - like boycotting the show because Ghost barked in the first season, but still.  GRRM even says he has admiration of the purists.  But it all has to do with acceptance - you must accept that this the show is the show and the book is the book.  Although GRRM is involved in the show, it is not his baby.  If you can accept that, it is easier to overcome being really upset at some of the changes.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 22 April 2012 - 11:12 PM.
160	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	I did like one other thing besides Harrenhall and the shadow baby.  The exchange between Tyrion and Ser Meryn.  Peter Dinklage was awesome in that scene.  Oh, and it happened to be an exchange directly from the books.
161	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Just wanted to say again how awesome the shadow baby scene wasI mean, I love the books as well as the next person on this board, but the produces must have had sleepless nights trying to figure out how they were going to pull that scene off without making it look like a really bad, B rated straight to DVD movie release.Try explaining that scene to a non-fan and make them think it could look even half good. But HBO once again NAILED it.:handclap:Agreed.
162	Balefont	2012-04-22	Ros serves no purpose but hamfisted redundancy and, no, I will not get over it.
I enjoyed the episode.  Almost as good as the last one.  I still need to watch it a few times to let it all sink in.
163	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	@vanille
Ok,  "acceptance" will be my mantra for the week.  
Loved your post.  Thanks for being a calm voice of reason
164	J_Crews	2012-04-22	@J.S. CrewsDid you not read my statement acknowledging that I was wrong?  It's ok.  I'll say it again.  I was wrong about Stannis' offering to make Renly his heir.  It's clearly in the books.  In fact, i'mnlooking at the page now.....Ravenhair: the thread moves too quickly, so, no, at the time I responded, I hadn't seen your reply.  My apologies.  Invariably, whole pages appear as I'm typing sometimes.
165	redraike	2012-04-22	The only thing I didn't like about this episode was that it did not end where I expected it to.  I thought for sure we would end this one with 
	Spoiler Renly's death in the tent
 and that would set up the cliffhanger for next week.  It would have been epic.  I don't know why they would push that to the beginning of next week's episode.More likely it will be closer to the end of next week's episode, I think it will give them more time to work the scene from Cat or Brienne's perspective.
166	Laohu	2012-04-22	My apologies Ravenhair, but frankly, this list of complaints is just absurd.1.  Tyrion thought about getting Joffrey a whore, but never acted upon it.  The scene with Joffrey and the whores was unnecessary.  We know he's awful, and right now, he's more awful than Cersei And Theon combined.  2.  I liked the setting up of the Tyrion/Sansa/Sandor thing, though when Sandor gave her his cloak, I just screamed, "Not now, damn it, not now!".3.  Arya as Tywin's cupbearer.  What in the hell are the writers/directors/producers doing?  4.  Harrenhal looked exactly as I imagined it.  husband said the same thing.5.  Really liked Tyrion's exchange with Lancel.  Peter Dinklage is great as always, and Eugene Simon did an outstanding job as Lancel.  6.  The torture scenes at Harrenhal--good, but I wanted to hear the words of the interrogation, all of them?  Did they really need to edit the whole "is there gold in the village?" questioning.  7.  Davos is rowing Melisandre over to give birth to a shadow baby to kill Renly?  Why, why, why?  He despised doing it to kill Ser Cortnay Penrose, and it made us love him for hating Melisandre and for hating doing this duty for Stannis.  Davos involved in Renly's death?   Writers, etc. Why?8.  Hated Renly saying he loved his brother, Stannisq, once.  Renly never loved Stannis and would never say this.  And Stannis' offer to make him heir?  So out of character given his feelings for Renly that it is laughable.9.  Margaery and Baelish have a conversation about at Renly's camp about the status of her marriage.  Natalie Dormer did well, but again writers/producers, why?10.  Baelish brings Cat Ned's bones.  Now the episode is bordering on being ludicrous.  11.  I assume we met Jeyne Westerling tonight.  If so, I like the tv version much better than the book version.  Except for the fact that this Jeyne Westerling reminds me nothing of the Jeyne Westerling of the books, but hey, I'm sure the writers/directors/producers will figure out some bizarre way to deal with Sybell Spicer giving her daughter moon tea next season.  12.  Qarth--was another wtf?13.  Caprice van Houten did a great job in the birthing of the shadow baby scene.   First time I liked her.  14.  Best things about this episode--Harrenhall and the shadow baby.1. You already said it. Tyrion thought about it in the books, and in the show, he acted on that thought. What's wrong with that?2. Just because he gave it to her once does not mean he cannot give it to her again at his departure, nor would it lessen the impact. I thought it was very appropriate for his character to be the ONLY one to help out Sansa in her dire situation.3. They are trimming fat? Who would not want to see the actors who play Tywin and Arya reenact a similar relationship from the books?6. Really? THIS is one of your nitpicks? They left out a line of interrogation?7. Would the fact that Davos is an accomplice (by choice or not) in Renly's assassination not benefit the story more? Also, do we really want to see ANOTHER shadow baby for the castellan of Storm's End? Once is enough.8. They were brothers after all. Also, not only was Stannis' offer to Renly in the books, Renly IS, in fact, the heir to Stannis until he produces an heir of his own, ALL OF WHICH Stannis stated in the show.10. Ned's bones were used as a bargaining chip for persuading Cat to consider Tyrion's offer, which he suggested in an earlier episode this season. What of it?I am just happy you actually added some positive comments thrown in with that exceedingly long list of criticisms.As others said, D&D are being as faithful to the books as they possibly can while still making what they believe to be GREAT TV. You cannot QQ at every alteration. Be grateful that we even have ASoIaF being offered to us in a different medium.
167	Tewks44	2012-04-22	I like how the show is portraying Tywin.  Sure the whole "get these prisoners to work" scene never happened in the books, but they didn't seem out of character at all to me.  I've always had a place of respect for Tywin.  Sure he is capable of amazing cruelty, but I don't ever think he's been cruel without purpose, and he can even be quite forgiving to those who renounce any kind of hostilities.
168	teemo	2012-04-22	Would anyone else just love an extra episode titled - "Arya's adventures - uncut!?"  I would love that.  And a 3 hour special.  One can always dream.
169	Rockroi	2012-04-22	So, there are many episodes in the Series â<U+0080><U+009C>Game of Thrones.â<U+0080><U+009D>  And this â<U+0080>¦ was one of them.  Good, but not great.  Letâ<U+0080><U+0099>s start off with some things nice to say:This is what I liked:Stannis Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the Roynar and the First Men : I said last episode that the thing I liked about Maergery Tyrell was that she was â<U+0080><U+009D>In it to Win itâ<U+0080><U+009D>; she wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t about loving Renly or bringing peace to the realm or any in a long line of bullshit reasons people say they do things.  No, she wanted to be Queen.  And this episode we are watching Stannis Baratheon find his stride: heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King of Westeroes and everyone else is something else- either they are rebels doing rebel things (Robb) or up-jumped Lords (Renly) who donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know their place or shitty lords out on an island (Greyjoy) or monstrous abominations (Joff), but Stannis is a King going after what is his.  And they are turning Stannis into this relentless force; this cool-headed man of few words and harsh actions who knows whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s his, knows how to get it and knows what it will take to get it.In other words, for the first time since we met him, Stannis Baratheon of the series is acting like Stannis Baratheon of the books.  And its working.(Honorable Mention: Fewer- laughed out loud at that).The Shadow Hand: Another episode, another Peter Dinklidge virtuoso performance.  This time it was that darker side; that cold hearted and piercing stare he gave Lancel.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s said it a few times now- he wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t end up like Ned Stark.  And this episode?  He didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t say it.  But for the first time we saw that Tyrion Lannister is definitely not the same man Ned Stark was. In some ways heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just as decent- saving Sansa like that.  But in other ways heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brutal and cold such as in leaving Lancel to dangle.  And when all was said and done he made it clear- see this face?  Others wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see it again.And other times? Charisma, humor, deft moves.  Everything in this show comes together in Tyrion.  Its a great character,well written and expertly acted.  Tyrion is the best part of this show (but that was predictable).The Lord of the West, Harrenhal Westeros: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take 5 minutes of Tywin Lannister.  Okay 3.  Fine.  But in just a few minutes we got more from Tywin than we did in the (what seemed like) 25 minutes we were standing outside of Qarth.  We discovered something: Tywin rules.  Tywin doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t order; he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t torture; he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t humiliate.  He doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t grovel.  He rules.  Tywin Lannister: sees with his eyes; hears with his ears; a man sees.And a man knows.Joffery the Mad:  I kinda feel like they put this scene here just to fuck with certain people.  â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, you thought watching Renly and Loras kiss last week was rough?  Oh, you want to see rough sex scenes?  Well, mother-fucker, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll show you rough sex scenes!â<U+0080><U+009D>  And then horror ensues.  People I was watching the show with were openly gasping.  It was a well done and brutal scene.  In order for us to get to a place where Joffâ<U+0080><U+0099>s horribleness is beyond question we need to see him be a monster.  And this was monstrous!   Power corrupts and being fucking nuts corrupts absolutely.Robb Stark: Before the Battle: The shot of Robb on his horse as the Lannister soldiers are talking was phenomenal.  You get the sense that Robb knows what he is doing and is not awed by himself or the task before him.What I am on the Fence About:Catlyn Stark: No More Useful Than in the Books:  I liked that Catlynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character got a lot said TO her this episode; she was chided by Stannis; she got to hear LFâ<U+0080><U+0099>s deal offered; she got back Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bones.  But I felt the whole time that she was REACTING to what was going on and never ACTING.  Now, I thought her time on the screen was valuable: she took in and tied together a lot of plot.  But I thought the story would have moved better had it been relieved of Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s presence.   In the book, Cat HAS TO be there- she has to witness the deed.  But in the show?  Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hardly essential.  And then you add in Petyr and it just feels so forced.  I will say that I liked that Petyr made it clear that Tyrion was making this offer TO HER not to Robb, and her reaction was â<U+0080>¦. Pretty good.  But overall I think Cat in the series is showing us just how slow Cat from the books was.(Honorable Mention: Oh, and how is she going to escape camp while carrying Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bones?).Robb Stark: After the Battle: So, a lame philosophical discussion with a cute woman after the battle discussing why you attached these men?  Really?  Did the writer fall asleep while watching an episode of MASH?  The dialog was outdated even then.  Seriously, it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a bad scene, just  lazy and uninspired.  Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re better than that.What I Disliked:Or She Could Just Show Them the Dragons:This may seem like itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a minor issue, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little bigger than many would think.  So, Dany goes to Qarth and is greeted by like 19 people- 13 of which run the city.  I would have thought that if 13 people run the city they could afford more than 1.5 guards each.  But whatever.  Okay, so they get there and this guy who is not Illyrio, but who seems like Illyrio, greats her and her starving troupe.  And she starts complaining.Or she could just show them the dragons. The 13 then ask- openly â<U+0080><U+0093>to see the dragons.  And Dany makes this ham-handed attempt to bypass this.Or she could just show them the dragons. They ask again, this time pretty forcefully.  Dany begins complaining- nay threatening Qarth â<U+0080>¦ in what sound slike dialog that we will hear again soon with Cersei.  Burn, cow, bow, kneel; cinders blah blah blah.Or she could just show them the dragons.There is more talking; the fat guy who is not Illyrio waddles back and forth and says how she cannot come in.  Jorah warns Dany about how she shall handle this.  Things grow quiet.  She is desperate now.  They may not get into the city after all.  Will they be forced to starve out here?Or she could just show them the dragons.The Summer Idles guy comes out and he starts talking about stuff WE DONâ<U+0080><U+0099>T CARE ABOUT AT ALL!  And he pulls out a knife and slashes his hand and makes this bold decoration.  Yes, he will let them in, but it could cost him his own head!Or she could just show them the dragons.Seriously, what was that?  18 minutes?  Okay, it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t but it sure as hell felt like it.  What did we accomplish?  We got to see CGIs of a city.  It may have been better to have seen CGIâ<U+0080><U+0099>d dragons, but whatever.   All that time standing there and watching that pointless discussion, all I could think of was:I wonder what they will cut for this pointless scene?And that was basically what happened to Stannis v. Renly: an absolutely compelling scene because its really the last time two men who call themselves King will meet.  Its hugely important.  And yetâ<U+0080>¦. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Stannis doing there?  Remember in the books when Stannis lands- Cersei almost shits herself and Renly has to FLY back to SE to intercept him.  In the show?  WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT STANNIS IS DOING THERE!  They never even announce him; he just shows up.  And where are Davos and Mel going?  The show never details this to us.  How come Robb attacked this place?  We are never told.  Where is Jaime/Bran/Jon?But hey, at least we got to see Dany scowl and yell pointless dialog at people we have never met and would never care about.Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my point: Cut some things, I get it.  But if the fastest way from A to B is a straight line and (and- donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget this next part when you argue with me) the story is not dramatically improved by the pointless detourâ<U+0080>¦ SKIP IT!Overall this was a good episode.  But it could have been excellent.  And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what has me with this sour taste in my mouth.  But I will get over it.  I always do.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 22 April 2012 - 11:20 PM.
170	Darth Pipes	2012-04-22	Maybe I miswrote.  I know how the Tickler looks, I actually have those same passages marked and read them before the tv airing.  I was glad that he looked very nondescript like the book stated, but I remember how much his questions instilled fear into Arya.  That was part of what was so scary about him.  A ordinary looking man, but extremely scary and chilling when he did his "tickling."  In aSoS in the inn, shivers went down her spine when she heard the Tickler ask a question.  I just expected to be a little more scared by him.I can see what you're saying...he didn't quite give off the scary vibe.  But he did give off the ordinary vibe.
171	Smooth	2012-04-22	What is up with Littlefinger this season? His voice is different and he lacks the big fake smirk. He seemed a lot more amiable last season. He's closer to Scar from Lion King than the way his character had been.
172	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-22	Maybe I miswrote.  I know how the Tickler looks, I actually have those same passages marked and read them before the tv airing.  I was glad that he looked very nondescript like the book stated, but I remember how much his questions instilled fear into Arya.  That was part of what was so scary about him.  A ordinary looking man, but extremely scary and chilling when he did his "tickling."  In aSoS in the inn, shivers went down her spine when she heard the Tickler ask a question.  I just expected to be a little more scared by him.I dunno man, if i saw someone torturing people day after day then he can any kind of voice and it's gonna scare the crap out of me.
173	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-22	Just as Asha became Yara and has a different look, Jeyne Westerling's character is changed up a bit.  She is from Volantis. She is the cause of the Red Wedding.  At least that's what I took from the whole thing.  Since Robb doesn't have a POV in Clash, we hear after how he meets "Jeyne".  Because we need Robb in the show, how he meets "Jeyne" is written in to the whole thing.  She isn't a smallish blonde who's shyish, she's a "strong," foreign brunette.
174	nara	2012-04-22	Good episode.  Didn't care for the Petyr - Catelyn scene.  It seemed uncharacteristic, though I always wondered why he didn't make any play for her after her husband died.
Am I the only one glad to know that HBO has some standards and couldn't bring themselves to show us Sansa being too badly beaten?  They even blocked the view of the first punch a little.  Glad to know some lines won't be crossed.
175	Darth Pipes	2012-04-22	More likely it will be closer to the end of next week's episode, I think it will give them more time to work the scene from Cat or Brienne's perspective.Yeah, I think Cat and Brienne's perspective on what happens is just as important to get in.  I don't think fading to black without getting their perspective on what happened would work.
176	Maroucia	2012-04-22	Did anything at all happen between Sandor and Sansa in this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode?? I didn't see anything in the recap, I'm downloading the episode RIGHT NOW, but this is driving me mad!!! I need to know!!! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
If any of you want to do a good action, please tell meâ<U+0080>¦
177	LauraD	2012-04-22	About the dragons...
TV-Dany is facing something Book-Dany never did:  As TV-Jorah repeated in episode one I think, "They'll kill you and take your dragons." This was never the case in the books.  In the books, she just showed up and people were delighted by them.  They never said, "Watch your back." They said "How much?"  The show is actually, dare I say it, being more realistic as to how she would be treated given the circumstances.  If she showed them the dragons, they'd likely say, "Right. Grab 'em." and then kill her.  And I thought her interaction with Jorah, the worried glances, betrayed that she's in a pickle.  And then it doesn't take a genius to look at the guards and take the leap to where her concern is.  
The real question is: why didn't they just kill her, search her packs, and take her dragons?
					
					
							Edited by LauraD, 22 April 2012 - 11:25 PM.
178	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-22	Stop your bitchin or they will cancel the showLOL. Not.
179	J_Crews	2012-04-22	do we really want to see ANOTHER shadow baby for the castellan of Storm's End? Once is enough.Not to mention, it would require casting an actor to play Sir Cortnay Penrose, so he can have exactly one awesome scene, then die.  I, for one, am not ready to have a less awesome Battle of the Blackwater in order to pay his salary, and that is coming from someone who really dug Sir Cortnay in the one scene we see him in from the book.
180	The Wandering Knight	2012-04-22	I've taken to liking the TV changes. They're like little surprises and make me look at the story from a different view point.  Starting a new acronym: Line Of The Night. I'll start. LOTN: " Save it for the King! Joffrey LOVES a good grovel!"
181	teemo	2012-04-22	I want to mention that I wasn't impressed with Tywin's entrance at Harrenhal.  Since when does Tywin walk around prisoners and start questioning them about about their professions?  Like all other snobby high lords in the book, Tywin barely even notices the existence of low-borns.  Doing something like that is beneath him in his eyes.  Arya only saw him from far away, almost like a mythical figure.  This only worked with Roose because he knew she was somehow involved with Weasel Soup.  I don't mind her being Tywin's cupbearer since I already saw that coming, but the way they went about it seemed quite contrived.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 22 April 2012 - 11:31 PM.
182	teemo	2012-04-22	Did anything at all happen between Sandor and Sansa in this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode?? I didn't see anything in the recap, I'm downloading the episode RIGHT NOW, but this is driving me mad!!! I need to know!!! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />If any of you want to do a good action, please tell meâ<U+0080>¦No, I'm sorry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
183	zippypoodle	2012-04-22	This is my favorite episode so far, mostly because I'm really into the idea of sticking to the book.  I thought that it was okay that they compressed "Nan"'s cupbearing for Roose into cupbearing for Tywin, altho it'll be interesting to see how she handles her anger...butterfly effect, majorly.  I also thought it was cute when Tywin called her clever for dressing and cutting her hair like a boy.I fully expect her to bear cups for both. She gets Jaqen's promise next episode it looks like so she will eventually brew up some Weasel stew and help the Northerners take Harrenhall.
184	redraike	2012-04-22	Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my point: Cut some things, I get it.  But if the fastest way from A to B is a straight line and (and- donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget this next part when you argue with me) the story is not dramatically improved by the pointless detourâ<U+0080>¦ SKIP IT!Ah, but the pacing for episode 5 may be dramatically improved by the pointless detour...perhaps.
185	Ravenhair	2012-04-22	To everyone who commented about the rather long, spiky thing (was it a scepter, a weapon?) Joffrey handed Ros to use on the other girl, I so expected her to do something else with it too.  Rather shocked when this did not happen.  
Also, Charles Dance is so wonderful as Tywin Lannister.  I'm happy whenever he is on the screen.
186	johnnysd	2012-04-22	Would anyone else just love an extra episode titled - "Arya's adventures - uncut!?"  I would love that.  And a 3 hour special.  One can always dream.I sometimes think if the books were ONLY Arya, I would like them almost as much as I do now.Far and away my favorite character and probably the one closest to the books in the entire show.Having said that, following Arya's storyline too closely could almost fill the entire season itself. There is a ton of plot for Arya, and I expected them to condense it like thy have. Even having read the books three times I lose track of all the changes in command at Harrenhal. I think they are choosing wisely here.I think this episode is pretty pivotal to the success of the show going forward because despite there being dragons, the shadow baby is really hardcore magic and it could have a jumping the shark effect on some people. I hope not.
					
					
							Edited by johnnysd, 22 April 2012 - 11:34 PM.
187	Tewks44	2012-04-22	So, there are many episodes in the Series â<U+0080><U+009C>Game of Thrones.â<U+0080><U+009D>  And this â<U+0080>¦ was one of them.  Good, but not great.  Letâ<U+0080><U+0099>s start off with some things nice to say:This is what I liked:Stannis Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the Roynar and the First Men : I said last episode that the thing I liked about Maergery Tyrell was that she was â<U+0080><U+009D>In it to Win itâ<U+0080><U+009D>; she wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t about loving Renly or bringing peace to the realm or any in a long line of bullshit reasons people say they do things.  No, she wanted to be Queen.  And this episode we are watching Stannis Baratheon find his stride: heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s King of Westeroes and everyone else is something else- either they are rebels doing rebel things (Robb) or up-jumped Lords (Renly) who donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know their place or shitty lords out on an island (Greyjoy) or monstrous abominations (Joff), but Stannis is a King going after what is his.  And they are turning Stannis into this relentless force; this cool-headed man of few words and harsh actions who knows whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s his, knows how to get it and knows what it will take to get it.In other words, for the first time since we met him, Stannis Baratheon of the series is acting like Stannis Baratheon of the books.  And its working.(Honorable Mention: Fewer- laughed out loud at that).The Shadow Hand: Another episode, another Peter Dinklidge virtuoso performance.  This time it was that darker side; that cold hearted and piercing stare he gave Lancel.  Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s said it a few times now- he wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t end up like Ned Stark.  And this episode?  He didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t say it.  But for the first time we saw that Tyrion Lannister is definitely not the same man Ned Stark was. In some ways heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just as decent- saving Sansa like that.  But in other ways heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brutal and cold such as in leaving Lancel to dangle.  And when all was said and done he made it clear- see this face?  Others wonâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see it again.And other times? Charisma, humor, deft moves.  Everything in this show comes together in Tyrion.  Its a great character,well written and expertly acted.  Tyrion is the best part of this show (but that was predictable).The Lord of the West, Harrenhal Westeros: Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take 5 minutes of Tywin Lannister.  Okay 3.  Fine.  But in just a few minutes we got more from Tywin than we did in the (what seemed like) 25 minutes we were standing outside of Qarth.  We discovered something: Tywin rules.  Tywin doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t order; he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t torture; he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t humiliate.  He doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t grovel.  He rules.  Tywin Lannister: sees with his eyes; hears with his ears; a man sees.And a man knows.Joffery the Mad:  I kinda feel like they put this scene here just to fuck with certain people.  â<U+0080><U+009C>Oh, you thought watching Renly and Loras kiss last week was rough?  Oh, you want to see rough sex scenes?  Well, mother-fucker, weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll show you rough sex scenes!â<U+0080><U+009D>  And then horror ensues.  People I was watching the show with were openly gasping.  It was a well done and brutal scene.  In order for us to get to a place where Joffâ<U+0080><U+0099>s horribleness is beyond question we need to see him be a monster.  And this was monstrous!   Power corrupts and being fucking nuts corrupts absolutely.Robb Stark: Before the Battle: The shot of Robb on his horse as the Lannister soldiers are talking was phenomenal.  You get the sense that Robb knows what he is doing and is not awed by himself or the task before him.What I am on the Fence About:Catlyn Stark: No More Useful Than in the Books:  I liked that Catlynâ<U+0080><U+0099>s character got a lot said TO her this episode; she was chided by Stannis; she got to hear LFâ<U+0080><U+0099>s deal offered; she got back Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bones.  But I felt the whole time that she was REACTING to what was going on and never ACTING.  Now, I thought her time on the screen was valuable: she took in and tied together a lot of plot.  But I thought the story would have moved better had it been relieved of Catâ<U+0080><U+0099>s presence.   In the book, Cat HAS TO be there- she has to witness the deed.  But in the show?  Sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hardly essential.  And then you add in Petyr and it just feels so forced.  I will say that I liked that Petyr made it clear that Tyrion was making this offer TO HER not to Robb, and her reaction was â<U+0080>¦. Pretty good.  But overall I think Cat in the series is showing us just how slow Cat from the books was.(Honorable Mention: Oh, and how is she going to escape camp while carrying Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bones?).Robb Stark: After the Battle: So, a lame philosophical discussion with a cute woman after the battle discussing why you attached these men?  Really?  Did the writer fall asleep while watching an episode of MASH?  The dialog was outdated even then.  Seriously, it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t a bad scene, just  lazy and uninspired.  Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re better than that.What I Disliked:Or She Could Just Show Them the Dragons:This may seem like itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a minor issue, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little bigger than many would think.  So, Dany goes to Qarth and is greeted by like 19 people- 13 of which run the city.  I would have thought that if 13 people run the city they could afford more than 1.5 guards each.  But whatever.  Okay, so they get there and this guy who is not Illyrio, but who seems like Illyrio, greats her and her starving troupe.  And she starts complaining.Or she could just show them the dragons. The 13 then ask- openly â<U+0080><U+0093>to see the dragons.  And Dany makes this ham-handed attempt to bypass this.Or she could just show them the dragons. They ask again, this time pretty forcefully.  Dany begins complaining- nay threatening Qarth â<U+0080>¦ in what sound slike dialog that we will hear again soon with Cersei.  Burn, cow, bow, kneel; cinders blah blah blah.Or she could just show them the dragons.There is more talking; the fat guy who is not Illyrio waddles back and forth and says how she cannot come in.  Jorah warns Dany about how she shall handle this.  Things grow quiet.  She is desperate now.  They may not get into the city after all.  Will they be forced to starve out here?Or she could just show them the dragons.The Summer Idles guy comes out and he starts talking about stuff WE DONâ<U+0080><U+0099>T CARE ABOUT AT ALL!  And he pulls out a knife and slashes his hand and makes this bold decoration.  Yes, he will let them in, but it could cost him his own head!Or she could just show them the dragons.Seriously, what was that?  18 minutes?  Okay, it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t but it sure as hell felt like it.  What did we accomplish?  We got to see CGIs of a city.  It may have been better to have seen CGIâ<U+0080><U+0099>d dragons, but whatever.   All that time standing there and watching that pointless discussion, all I could think of was:I wonder what they will cut for this pointless scene?And that was basically what happened to Stannis v. Renly: an absolutely compelling scene because its really the last time two men who call themselves King will meet.  Its hugely important.  And yetâ<U+0080>¦. Whatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Stannis doing there?  Remember in the books when Stannis lands- Cersei almost shits herself and Renly has to FLY back to SE to intercept him.  In the show?  WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT STANNIS IS DOING THERE!  They never even announce him; he just shows up.  And where are Davos and Mel going?  The show never details this to us.  How come Robb attacked this place?  We are never told.  Where is Jaime/Bran/Jon?But hey, at least we got to see Dany scowl and yell pointless dialog at people we have never met and would never care about.Hereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s my point: Cut some things, I get it.  But if the fastest way from A to B is a straight line and (and- donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t forget this next part when you argue with me) the story is not dramatically improved by the pointless detourâ<U+0080>¦ SKIP IT!Overall this was a good episode.  But it could have been excellent.  And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what has me with this sour taste in my mouth.  But I will get over it.  I always do.Very well written analysis.  I disagree with a key point, and I also gotta agree on a key point.  I actually loved the scene were Dany was met by the Qartheen.  Sure it wasn't from the books and like you said "or she could just show them the dragons" but I think it was acted out nicely and I really liked how the Qartheen were portrayed... an isolated merchant city with an eccentric culture and an eccentric people.  However your comments on the Stannis and Renly meeting really hit home for me.  I liked the dialogue of the scene (for the most part) but I kept thinking "something doesn't feel right" and I feel like you hit the nail on the head.  What was Stannis doing?  I feel like episode 3 could have ended with a cliffhanger (and you know HBO loves their cliffhangers)...random soldier: "king Renly, your audience is requested"Renly (in his standard charming tone): "I would be happy to honor that request, who seeks my audience?"random soldier: ".... it's Stannis"BAM, cliffhanger right there.  Instead we're thrown into a scene with Renly and Stannis, and since I read the books I didn't really notice how random that scene was right away, but I can only imagine how confusing that must have been for someone who hasn't read the books.
188	Maroucia	2012-04-22	No, I'm sorry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />I don't understand!!! It's the fourth episode already!!! What are they doing?? /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
189	LauraD	2012-04-22	One of the best stroke so far in the entire series is Tywin.  God, he's spot-on perfect.  He's not cruel, but he's not kind.  He's pragmatic.  Does he care that prisoners are being tortured?  Nope.  Does he care they prisoners are being wasted when they could be useful?  Of course.  
And moreover, I see more of Tyrion in him than ever. The way he walks into a scene and gives orders with complete confidence while mocking those around him.  It's almost as if they wrote the scene for Tyrion and then removed the compassion.  Plus, with Tyrion turning his bitchslapping Hand-ness on Lancel, the family resemblance is stronger than ever.
190	zippypoodle	2012-04-22	They should of made this book two seasons. They are leaving to much out........Name one important thing with reasons why it's important.
191	teemo	2012-04-22	I don't understand!!! It's the fourth episode already!!! What are they doing?? /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />I'm sorry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  And what exactly are you hoping for?
192	Chelly	2012-04-22	First of all, another great episode. I gotta say, I despise Tywin Lannister in the books, but I'll be damned because Charles Dance entrance as Tywin this season was just fucking majestic! I didn't know he was going to show, so was pleasantly surprised. Even better was his timing right before poor Gendry almost got tickled.
Speaking of, the Tickler was spot on. He's supposed to be a very plain man and even Arya when she first sees him thinks he's one of the villagers  This guy looks like your common dude, but then he is actually a master torturer.
Arya's prayer was something else I got excited for. Loved how after Polliver hits that woman, she immediately adds him to her prayers.
The shadow baby was fucking creepy and I loved the shot of Davos' reaction.
There's more, but I need some sleep now. I'll be much more coherent tomorrow morning anyway. /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
193	reedmindstarkheart	2012-04-22	I AM SO FUCKING DISAPPOINT AT THIS SHOW RIGHT NOW.
194	Chelly	2012-04-22	Did anything at all happen between Sandor and Sansa in this weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s episode?? I didn't see anything in the recap, I'm downloading the episode RIGHT NOW, but this is driving me mad!!! I need to know!!! /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />If any of you want to do a good action, please tell meâ<U+0080>¦Not really, but he did rip off his white cloak and handed it to her so she can cover herself up after Joff hand Meryn Trant rip her dress. It was a quick scene and happened while Tyrion was laying the smack down on Joff.Oh, and there was a quick shot of him casting his eyes down after Meryn ripped her dress. He did look disapproving of the situation. That's about it. Don't worry, we still have the riot, her running into him after meeting Dontos, and that scene from Blackwater coming up still. ;-)
195	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-22	I really liked Tywin riding up like he owns the place, great intro for him in season 2.
196	Peasant with No Story Arc	2012-04-22	Some parts of the adaptation in this episode made sense to me. I didn't like the idea of Littlefinger going to Renly's camp to talk to Cat and Margaery but both scenes were effective at setting up things that are important later (Cat freeing Jaime and the Lannister/Tyrell alliance) and Michelle Fairley was quite good in her scene. 
Others did not. I don't think anything new was learned about Littlefinger in his scene with Renly or about Joffrey in his scene with Ros and the prostitute with the second-worst luck in King's Landing behind Barra's mom and I was disappointed that the episode left off at the appearance of the shadow baby. Doesn't it take a lot of the shock out of what happens to Renly for it to happen next week? They already undercut it a little by removing Cortnay Penrose and showing the birth before you see it do anything. I'd have preferred it if instead of standing to pose it went about its way and they cut straight to Renly putting his armor on. That seemed like the natural end point for this episode. The cliffhanger is Renly dying and the first scene next week would be the immediate reaction of Brienne, Cat and Loras. 
The way it is now it will probably happen in the first quarter of the episode next week. It's one of the pivotal moments in the series. Doesn't it deserve to cap an episode? Didn't the parley deserve more time and a little more build-up? Stannis showed up out of nowhere. We get it. Littlefinger plays all sides. Joffrey's a  sociopath. And Ros has had more screen time so far this season than Bran. I assume she's taking Alalaya's place later. If so it'll be funny that she's shown to have a worse time of it from the Lannisters (and more often) than Sansa. My only question is how they're going to find a way to shoehorn her into Season 3. That'll be the real challenge. Suggestions? 
Those complaints aside, good episode. Tyrion's storyline is being done justice. Introducing Jeyne this way makes sense (setting her up as a nurse and putting more into the romance between her and Robb than "She was a pretty girl who happened to be close to my bed chamber at the time," although her moral equivalence argument makes her look more like a child than it does Robb. Does she know about the horrors Tywin Lannister's armies are putting the Riverlands through? It doesn't equate to one soldier's amputated foot. But now I'm complaining again.) I guess they're showing Tywin being generous with Arya as an explanation for why he isn't first on her list for Jaqen? That makes sense too.
197	teemo	2012-04-22	Where is the peach?!?!  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
198	Caro99	2012-04-22	sooo many things in this episode!! aww, well harrenhal and warth surpassed my expectations. those 1st looks were beautiful- right out of LotR and an arabic oasis(can't wait what they'll do with dorne). roose and talisa & the thirtheen were much better than what i thought they would be. stannis and renly did great and LF- poor guy: 4 episodes in & he's already been let down by Ross, whom he seemed to have favoured over the others, by the promise of having Harrenhal, Joff treating his "girls" in a horrid manner, almost killed by Cersei, and rejected yet again by Cat. i would be inclined to feel sorry for him if he hadn't helped killed Ned, but these are the consequences! /cool.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' />
the shadow baby and the torture of that cute man with the rat by the tickler were so sick and yet i couldn't look away. loved tyrion with lancel and tywin with arya. i like the dynamic of having her be his future cupbearer. i wonder for a moment though how will they handle arya not asking jaqen to kill tywin when he is the main lannister. i mean, she served roose bolton but that was before he betrayed Robb. joff and the prostitues was really horrid. but i guess that's what would've happened in the books once he got himself in that position. but i really felt for ross and the other girl. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
but my favorite part was sansa and the hound /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' />  YES, yes yes!! he may not have said "enough" but he did wrapped his cloak around her /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />  considering cloak symbolism in westeros- they are bound to be together one day..! anyways... sophie and jack acted superbly here. i was so excited about this scene and then tyrion came in and then sandor went to cover poor sansa with the cloak. i supposed it is necessary, but i didn't like the impression i got of tyrion admiring sansa as she leaves the room. she certainly looked as a queen as she tried to muster her dignity, but tyrion in the books never seems to admire her (sorry, not a tyrion/sansa shipper) Rory also did a very good job in this episode. i got the impression the hound was pretending to be urging joff into the room with ross cause he must have been hoping that now joff would be directing his anger/malice to someone who wasn't his little bird /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
199	Maroucia	2012-04-22	I'm sorry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  And what exactly are you hoping for?For what happened in the book.Thank you for your empathy though!!! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
200	Atreides	2012-04-22	Speaking of, the Tickler was spot on. He's supposed to be a very plain man and even Arya when she first sees him thinks he's one of the villagers  This guy looks like your common dude, but then he is actually a master torturer.Yeah, they got his casual demeanor down perfectly. Did Arya add him to her prayers yet, or just Gregor and Polliver?
201	Vikingkingq	2012-04-22	Really good episode overall:- in the credits, I was a bit disappointed that Harrenhal didn't move...but then again, it's a dead place- I really liked how they did the battle of Oxcross, showing us the cost of the war to ordinary men (they really like fart jokes, don't they)- Roose Bolton was effectively creepy: "a naked man holds few secrets, a flayed man holds none."- That must have been the weirdest meet-cute ever, but I liked the back and forth between Robb and Tanissa from Volantis/Jeyne.- Sansa's torture kicked off what was a really grim episode in terms of torture; we've had violence, we've had sex, we've had sexual violence, but now torture as well. I'm sure the SanSan fans will be happy with the Hand's screentime, but I was really impressed by how well Tyrion and Sansa played off eachother. - I found the sexual torture scene with Ros really hard to take, worse in some ways than Harrenhal. - I liked LF's scenes with Renly and Margaery, he's being clever again, and I liked that they teased us with his role in Margaery's marriages.- Harrenhal was really grim, almost a concentration camp, but I liked seeing Arya's prayer grow. The new Mountain was big enough not to disappoint me, but I think the Tickler took the cake for gruesomest figure of the night.- the scene with Catelyn and LF was good, and I thought the inclusion of Ned's bones gave Tyrion's ploy more heft.- the meeting between Stannis and Renly was amazing. So close to the books.- I thought the Qartheen were lippy, interrupting bastards. I really wanted Daenerys to slap that smug bastard across his big chops- Not knowing what the hell sumai is (I think this is new), Xaro Xoan Daxos' scene lost a little something. I thought the actor was quite good overall, but that little bit didn't quite work. I noticed Pyat Pree in the background, but couldn't see Quaithe.- I liked Tywin's arrival, and how his pragmatism plays off the Mountain's sadism, and I thought the change to have Arya as Tywin's cupbearer was really good.- I loved how quickly Tyrion broke Lancel. Barely five seconds.- the scene between Stannis and Davos was excellent, giving us the backstory they've teased before, the scene between Davos and Melisandre was evertyhing I thought it would be.- the shadowbaby birth was quite otherworldly...but I was expecting to see the outcome, and felt a bit teased when it cut to black.
					
					
							Edited by Vikingkingq, 23 April 2012 - 12:04 AM.
202	teemo	2012-04-22	Yeah, they got his casual demeanor down perfectly. Did Arya add him to her prayers yet, or just Gregor and Polliver?No, she didn't add him.
203	Morrigan	2012-04-23	Also I was a bit disappointed in The Tickler.  Just the fact that he wasn't as creepy as I imagined.  Still the Harrenhal scenes were the highlight IMO.Many people have said this, and others have nicely refuted it, but I think it bears repeating:The Tickler is not supposed to look creepy. He's supposed to look plain and ordinary. For fuck's sake, people, villains are not always ugly and evil-looking, twirling their mustaches, that's the whole point of the Tickler.Ahem, rant over.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is.Ros serves no purpose but hamfisted redundancy and, no, I will not get over it.What Balefont said. I like the show and I don't mind most of the changes... but no, I will not get "the fuck" over it. She is a waste of screen time. That scene was useless, we already know Joffrey's a sadistic prick. Ros is the Creator's Pet and a Scrappy, period.Note, I have nothing against the actress herself. Her acting is fine, she looks good etc. I'm blaming entirely D&D for their stupid insertion of their pet fanfiction into the story.1.  Tyrion thought about getting Joffrey a whore, but never acted upon it.  The scene with Joffrey and the whores was unnecessary.  We know he's awful, and right now, he's more awful than Cersei And Theon combined.  2.  I liked the setting up of the Tyrion/Sansa/Sandor thing, though when Sandor gave her his cloak, I just screamed, "Not now, damn it, not now!".3.  Arya as Tywin's cupbearer.  What in the hell are the writers/directors/producers doing?  4.  Harrenhal looked exactly as I imagined it.  husband said the same thing.5.  Really liked Tyrion's exchange with Lancel.  Peter Dinklage is great as always, and Eugene Simon did an outstanding job as Lancel.  6.  The torture scenes at Harrenhal--good, but I wanted to hear the words of the interrogation, all of them?  Did they really need to edit the whole "is there gold in the village?" questioning.  7.  Davos is rowing Melisandre over to give birth to a shadow baby to kill Renly?  Why, why, why?  He despised doing it to kill Ser Cortnay Penrose, and it made us love him for hating Melisandre and for hating doing this duty for Stannis.  Davos involved in Renly's death?   Writers, etc. Why?8.  Hated Renly saying he loved his brother, Stannisq, once.  Renly never loved Stannis and would never say this.  And Stannis' offer to make him heir?  So out of character given his feelings for Renly that it is laughable.9.  Margaery and Baelish have a conversation about at Renly's camp about the status of her marriage.  Natalie Dormer did well, but again writers/producers, why?10.  Baelish brings Cat Ned's bones.  Now the episode is bordering on being ludicrous.  11.  I assume we met Jeyne Westerling tonight.  If so, I like the tv version much better than the book version.  Except for the fact that this Jeyne Westerling reminds me nothing of the Jeyne Westerling of the books, but hey, I'm sure the writers/directors/producers will figure out some bizarre way to deal with Sybell Spicer giving her daughter moon tea next season.  12.  Qarth--was another wtf?13.  Caprice van Houten did a great job in the birthing of the shadow baby scene.   First time I liked her.  14.  Best things about this episode--Harrenhall and the shadow baby.I like show... but I am also very critical of it. That said, I find most (not all) of your complains to be unreasonable, sorry.1. I agree that was completely unnecessary. No argument there. Mostly, it was too long. I don't mind if they showed something that Tyrion thought of doing but never did, per se, but the scene dragged on for way too long for very little gain. Kind of like Sansa and Shae last episode. What is it with prostitutes always being in the most annoying scenes? :|2. Seriously? You wanna bitch about that? Come on.3. Compressing. Duh. Arya spends a LOT of time at Harrenhal in ACoK and they can't show everything of it. I am a bit apprehensive about this myself, but I'll be glad so long as we get to see the Weasel soup later.6. See #2.7. Again, compressing. There is no way they're going to cast Cortnay Penrose if they haven't cast the Reeds or the Blackfish... so they merged the two assassinations into one. A smart change considering the time and budget constraint. Let's be reasonable, folks.8. Already refuted.9. Agreed, seemed like a bit of a waste. My guess is that it serves to foreshadow Littlefinger's plotting with the Tyrells later on, but it was still kinda awkward. Most Littlefinger scenes seem to be. :\10. Eh. See #2. Why is that such a big deal? Not sure what will happen to those bones once Catelyn escapes Renly's camp though...11. I like that Jeyne is strong-willed and smart-mouthed, rather than the meek, insipid girl we knew from the book. But I don't like the whole "pretending to be a foreign commoner" part at all. If Robb sleeps with her, then learns she's highborn and is forced to marry her after "deflowering" her, it removes responsibility from Robb's mistakes. I hope that's not what will happen...12. Did you expect to see Vaes Tolorro? I'm sure it got cut for budget reasons. Instead we had this confrontation, which worked out fine. I just thought it was dumb that Dany couldn't show the dragons at all... budget, okay, but come on, it's just silly.
204	Maroucia	2012-04-23	@ Caro99
I know you are in my crowd (sansan shippers). Was the cloak really enough to satisfy shippers like us? Was it a good Sansan episode? I would PM you, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not working right nowâ<U+0080>¦
Why didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Sandor say enough??
I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see any reasons why they would not do it (HBO)â<U+0080>¦
205	Morrigan	2012-04-23	Oh yeah, forgot to give the obligatory props to Dinklage for once again stealing the show. He nails it as always, and his lines are always the best. The scene with Meryn was beautiful, and of course Lancel's grovelling was perfect.- I loved how quickly Tyrion broke Loras. Barely five seconds.That was Lancel, not Loras. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
206	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	I liked the modus operandi they picked for the Tickler-if I understand it correctly, the rat claws it's way through human flesh to get  away from the fire?
Dinkage and Dance-making me like the Lannisters.
207	reedmindstarkheart	2012-04-23	Wait wait wait wait wait-- What's the purpose of Davos smuggling Melisandre's devil shadow baby shit in through the gates if her previous birthed shadow thing has not yet killed Renly?
208	Vikingkingq	2012-04-23	Many people have said this, and others have nicely refuted it, but I think it bears repeating:The Tickler is not supposed to look creepy. He's supposed to look plain and ordinary. For fuck's sake, people, villains are not always ugly and evil-looking, twirling their mustaches, that's the whole point of the Tickler.Ahem, rant over.It's called the banality of evil, folks. Keep in mind, Sansa thinks that pretty=good and ugly=bad. We don't want to think like Sansa, do we folks?
209	Frumpus	2012-04-23	I wish the Qartheen characters had foreign accents, but they didn't, so that was a bit jarring.
I also liked that Xaro is now from the summer isles, to keep with the lore.
					
					
							Edited by Frumpus, 23 April 2012 - 12:09 AM.
210	Ser Hippie	2012-04-23	I really liked Tywin riding up like he owns the place, great intro for him in season 2.Tywin thanks you for your thoughtsReally great episode, I thought the Joffrey scene was unnecessary. I get the argument/point it's a message for Tyrion, I'd just rather have used the time for something else, like setting up Stannis ("King Stannis he's calling himself", to paraphrase, is a line I love).
211	Tadco26	2012-04-23	gave it a 7. Some really great scenes that were like watching the book come to life and some really poorly written scenes that made me cringe.
I liked:
Tyrion. They have kept his scenes very close to the book material and his character and scenes have flourished because of it. Lancel did a great job with his part as well.
Tickler: Looked as I imagined, nice mention of the brotherhood, though it brings to question why they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t have Ser Amory looking for the brotherhood instead of Gendry last episode. As I suspected, we are asked to believe that Ser Amory personally went searching for Gendry by name with his patrol but didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even get the basic physical description that he was dark haired, and so they believed Aryaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lie. Harrenhal looked pretty cool, but one of my non-reader friends was confused on where all these other people came from and what village they were asking about during the torture since we never saw a village on the show or any captives being taken from them.
Shadow baby: Awesome scene. I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like some of the dialogue leading up to it, such as Mel suggesting that Davos wanted her, but the birthing looked about perfect. Apparently there is some confusion among non readers because it was more black smoke baby than shadow, but it worked for me.
Stannis and Davos, though I wish Stannis would have recounted the entire story behind the Onion Knight, so that the rotten onion comment by Mel would have had more meaning for non-readers.
Dislikes:
Joffrey and the whores. Not because it was poorly acted, it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, and not because Joffrey wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t possibly do this, he might. It just was a REALLY long scene when you include Tyrionâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dialogue with the Hound setting it up, and it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t add anything of importance to the story. This is the type of original scene that I really dislike, not because it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t in the book, but because so many great scenes from the book have to be cut due to time restrictions, but they find so much time for this rather pointless scene. If there was 20 episodes for this season it would be a minor foot note, but with only 10 time is precious and there are better things they could spend that time on.
Qarth: This scene was really awkwardly written. Dany threatening that she is going to come back and burn the city down later, when she admits that if they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let her in, she and her group will die? In the context of TV game of thrones, why donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t the Thirteen just force her to give up her dragons? Her Kalisar in the books is weak, but still several hundred people even if many are women, elderly and Xaro comes to her in the dead city that Dany is camped at and recovering and invites her to come so that the 13 can pay homage and see her dragons. But in the show for her to threaten them when they are basicly her only hope for survival rather than just show them at least one of the dragons seemed silly.
The fart joke leading up to the Stark attack. Two fart jokes in the first four episodes isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t exactly what I would go with if your trying to get fantasy to be taken seriously and not as sophomoric entertainment. Disappointing that all the battles have to be cut due to budget. Nice to see the flash of Grey Wind though. I also think they are way over playing Renly and Lorasâ<U+0080><U+0099> relationship, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s something that many readers miss on until it is pointed out, and never struck me as something that common men-at-arms would have any knowledge of.
Other thoughts:
Cat and Littlefinger was well acted, but Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure I like where it is going if it results in Jamie being released before Rickon and Branâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>deathâ<U+0080><U+009D>.
Missed not seeing Renlyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s peach and seeing Lightbringer glowing for the first time.
Reserving judgement on Talisa from Volantis and what appears to be a romantic story line for Robb.
Reserving judgement on Arya being Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cup bearer. It seems like Arya not â<U+0080><U+009C>thinkingâ<U+0080><U+009D> about naming Tywin as one of her 3 is much more far fetched if she is interacting with him daily.
Also one has to question in the context of the TV show how Tyrion was able to stop Sansa's beating.  In the books he threatens to tell Cersei and that cows him, but in the show Joffrey has already threatened to kill Cersei...  So why didn't he just over ride Tyrion at the least, or threaten to kill him?
212	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-23	Wait wait wait wait wait-- What's the purpose of Davos smuggling Melisandre's devil shadow baby shit in through the gates if her previous birthed shadow thing has not yet killed Renly?They condensed it into just one shadow baby. so there's going to be no courtnay penrose.
213	Vikingkingq	2012-04-23	Oh yeah, forgot to give the obligatory props to Dinklage for once again stealing the show. He nails it as always, and his lines are always the best. The scene with Meryn was beautiful, and of course Lancel's grovelling was perfect.[/color]That was Lancel, not Loras. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Yeah, they're both so pretty I mixed up the name for a second. I love how everyone knows about Loras and Renly.
214	Vikingkingq	2012-04-23	As I suspected, we are asked to believe that Ser Amory personally went searching for Gendry by name with his patrol but didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even get the basic physical description that he was dark haired, and so they believed Aryaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s lie. Harrenhal looked pretty cool, but one of my non-reader friends was confused on where all these other people came from and what village they were asking about during the torture since we never saw a village on the show or any captives being taken from them.Amory said that his patrol ran across the goldcloaks, which would make sense why the telephone game dropped the description.
215	Morrigan	2012-04-23	It's called the banality of evil, folks.Keep in mind, Sansa thinks that pretty=good and ugly=bad. We don't want to think like Sansa, do we folks?Indeed! Thank you.If there was 20 episodes for this season it would be a minor foot note, but with only 10 time is precious and there are better things they could spend that time on.Quoted for truth. We've all said it repeatedly, but it's worth repeating. Maybe, just maybe, if enough people bring it up, the notion will reach D&D's ears somehow and they'll cut the crap in S3. (A girl can dream.)Qarth: This scene was really awkwardly written. Dany threatening that she is going to come back and burn the city down later, when she admits that if they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t let her in, she and her group will die?LOL, I hadn't even thought of that, but you're right. I liked the scene well enough despite the no-dragon-showing flaw, but I might have to revise that opinion... it's a totally empty threat. Well, to be fair the 13 did seem to consider it as such, and Xaro didn't seem to come out because he was cowed by her threats, but still, it's pretty dumb overall... hmm.The fart joke leading up to the Stark attack. Two fart jokes in the first four episodes isnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t exactly what I would go with if your trying to get fantasy to be taken seriously and not as sophomoric entertainment.Agreed completely. I was also annoyed at Dolorous Edd making fart jokes when he has so many good lines from the novels.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 23 April 2012 - 12:21 AM.
216	teemo	2012-04-23	Yes, talk about dumbing down the witty Dolorous Edd.
217	Caro99	2012-04-23	@ Caro99I know you are in my crowd (sansan shippers). Was the cloak really enough to satisfy shippers like us? Was it a good Sansan episode? I would PM you, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not working right nowâ<U+0080>¦Why didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t Sandor say enough??I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t see any reasons why they would not do it (HBO)â<U+0080>¦hey Maroucia, you must see the episode, it's really good! the reason why he didn't say enough i think was cause the scene in itself was just too quick. if he had, then there would've had to be a reaction of joff and the whole court as to why the Hound said that... but that's just my opinion. i do think it was a good san/san episode. of course, we would love to have more on-screen time with these two, but the show did manage to do (again, in my opinion) something better than in the book. when tyrion orders someone to give sansa something to cover herself with, instead of the Hound just throwing the white cloak at sansa as in the book, we see Sandor walk towards sansa and "casually" wrap the cloak around her. it's just seems more intimate and nice to me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> hope that satisfies your curiosity for now. there is another scene with joff and the hound alone, really quick, as well.
218	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-23	Didn't the 13 call her out on that?
					
					
							Edited by Completely Headless Ned, 23 April 2012 - 12:28 AM.
219	iheartseverus	2012-04-23	.Or she could just show them the dragons. Or she could just show them the dragons. Or she could just show them the dragons.Or she could just show them the dragons.Or she could just show them the dragons.Wow, I so totally disagree with this analysis.  You're literally on your last legs, starving, dying of thirst, utterly defenseless, nowhere to go, the end of the road.  You find yourself outside the gates of a rich, lush city, facing 13 cunning powerful well-fed rulers of the city, and they demand that you produce proof--proof that you have in your possession the most valuable possessions the modern world has ever known.  What do you do?  Show them the dragons?  Great.  So their guards march over to you, slit your throat, kick your starving bony ass into the bone yard and coo-coo-welcome your dragons into their possession.  Buh-bye, Mother of Dragons.  Your 'children' are ours, now.  You're crow meat. No.  You negotiate your way into the city with hints and threats, knowing that while you hold the most valuable hand in the world (i.e., that you may have actual dragons), you're untouchable.  You won't be attacked or killed, at least until these city folk get a full understanding of how to deal with you, how exactly to steal your dragons.  Meanwhile, you and your troup can feed, rest, restore yourselves, get ready to protect your priceless possessions.  Dany did exactly what a trained negotiator would do in this situation.  She negotiated--she bought time for herself and her group to heal and gain strength.  They'll deal with whatever comes next when it comes, but meanwhile, she saved herself, her troup and her dragons.Show them the dragons?  She would have died on the spot.
220	Lady Olenna	2012-04-23	Jack Gleeson just nails his role every episode.  He and Dinklage seem to really get the characters and I love watching them.
221	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-23	This is an episode where I think I would have enjoyed it more had I not read in the books. Lots of strong moments, but I can't help but think they didn't set up a lot of them well enough and some of the time used could have been spent better.
Stuff I liked:
--Arya's storyline continues to be strong. Glad they kept The Tickler, and I don't really mind the change of her being Tywin's cupbearer, though I'm curious as to who she'll kill in the show.
--Roose Bolton was cast well
--Tyrion and Lancel scene was pretty good, though it kind of came out of nowhere.
--Shadow Baby was also done well
--Catelyn Littlefinger scene was done well and well acted
Stuff that was meh
--Joffrey's scene with the prostitutes. Not bad, but very little gained from that, other than knowing Joffrey is a horrible sadist (who knew?)
--Renly and Stannis meeting. Seemed very rushed, adn the show has done a poor job of explaining the size disparity. I think there should have been a scene with Stannis before he met Renly, like in the books how he meets Catelyn there before Renly arrives. It just felt like it was thrown in there.
--Finally, I really did not like the Dany scene arriving at the gates of Qarth. Just felt really weird, like it was out of some 80s fantasy scholck or something. Qarth looks great, but that whole sequence just seemed silly.
222	trins	2012-04-23	I've said this before... and I'll say it again - Tywin Lannister is a dick and degenerate bastard /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' /> BUTTT he's such a bad ass in the showww... I kinda hate myself for liking as much as I do.. It's Charles Dance, he just owns it!  Him riding on horse to Harrenhal .. was just - made me weak in the knees - BEST part of the entire episode!
I loved Stannis and Davos' interactions on the boat!  And I especially loved the Renly and Stannis negotiation scene (Melisandre /wub.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wub:' /> -- and the later when she births her shadow babies, that scene was pure EPICNESS )
I have only one complaint and it's regarding Sansa, I feel like the writers have forgotten she's a POV, hence main, character.  Not some random side line character for Cersei and Joffery's to emotionally and physically torture.  She had one great scene last episode when she's reflecting on herself in the mirror and her interactions with Shae.  Hope that changes soon.
7/10 /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by trins, 23 April 2012 - 12:35 AM.
223	Maroucia	2012-04-23	hey Maroucia, you must see the episode, it's really good! the reason why he didn't say enough i think was cause the scene in itself was just too quick. if he had, then there would've had to be a reaction of joff and the whole court as to why the Hound said that... but that's just my opinion. i do think it was a good san/san episode. of course, we would love to have more on-screen time with these two, but the show did manage to do (again, in my opinion) something better than in the book. when tyrion orders someone to give sansa something to cover herself with, instead of the Hound just throwing the white cloak at sansa as in the book, we see Sandor walk towards sansa and "casually" wrap the cloak around her. it's just seems more intimate and nice to me /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> hope that satisfies your curiosity for now. there is another scene with joff and the hound alone, really quick, as well.Thank you Caro, you reassure me.I was really getting nervous and loosing my will to live (Ok, I exaggerate, but stillâ<U+0080>¦) /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
224	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	The Joffrey scene was too much,  Torturing whores like that is a bit far for him, even.  I can't even begin to imagine how Tyrion would react if that scene had actually occurred in the book.Really? As if shooting quarrels at starving people is a normal thing to do? I think they are doing a great job of showing him becoming increasingly violent and sadistic.
225	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-23	The thing that threw me off in the cat/LF scene was his voice had gone horse. Maybe it was more noticable cause he was speaking loudly, but I didn't notice it in the Maragaery scene and then he shows up in cats tent sounding like he'd just been to a Metallica concert.
226	Magjee	2012-04-23	--Finally, I really did not like the Dany scene arriving at the gates of Qarth. Just felt really weird, like it was out of some 80s fantasy scholck or something. Qarth looks great, but that whole sequence just seemed silly.Same, Dany's story has been weak this season.
227	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	Ya, I had that thought as well.I think that scenes is HBO showing us that Joffrey, while cruel, isnt entirely stupid. Hes playing the Game of Thrones and not just being a pawn of his mother.He "thinks" that he's playing at it, exactly like his mother "thinks" that she is the master/mistress of the game.
228	Elimeny	2012-04-23	In regards to the comments about people complaining about how the show does not match up with the book, and how they should essentially STFU, let me say this.
I usually tell my friends that it is better to see the movie on which a book is based before reading the book. The book is always better than the movie; Imagination has no budget. The movie doesn't ruin the book, it's rather the other way around.
I have no problem with them combining various scenes and characters where needed in order to make the show work. I also don't particularly mind them adding scenes in order to give more background to characters. I sometimes wonder if Martin is particularly complicit in them, thinking that perhaps the reaction to some of his characters was not as he had expected, and therefore wants them to add scenes to give a different take on a character (i.e. Cersei, season 1).
However, what concerns me are butterfly effects. Let us take, for example, the shadowbaby birthing scene. I don't mind necessarily that they are combining the deaths of renley and the steward (? can't remember the name) of Storms' End - except, was it made clear that they were AT Storms' End? Because if so, I missed that. And that's important, because Melisandre had to be smuggled into the gates of Storms' End due to "old protective enchantments" on Storms' End, similar to those at the Wall, both perhaps built by Bran the Builder. And I think this may become important later on down the line in the series. In the episode, Melisandre didn't even explain about the enchantments, and that concerns me.
In the previous episode, they cut out Shireen entirely, and I think she will also become more important later in the series, due to her greyscale. The fact that they appear to be making Arya the cupbearer for Tywin would be okay, except that I'm wondering how they are going to handle the three deaths she is granted? If she doesn't serve under Weese, if there's no weasel soup... again, I'm just thinking about the butterfly effects. I am particularly concerned about next week's episode due to the preview. In the preview, Jaken H'quar states that he is a servant of Rhilor. Either they are changing the story line, or they are actually telling us something that hasn't been disclosed in the book series yet (or he's just outright lying).
229	BLU-RAY	2012-04-23	Christ, I had forgotten about the concept of "shippers".Question for everyone who thinks not showing the dragons was a wise choice (sorry, IHeartSev, not picking on you, but your post was the one I read recently)... if we think they'd clip her and take the dragons if they're revealed, then why woulnd't they just kill her anyway and then see whether or not she has dragons?  Are we counting on her to have convinced the Thirteen that she has dragons, but they're not with her?Loved Harrenhal absolutely.  Thought they made it look pretty much exactly as I envisioned it.  Quality set execution.Didn't really like the Joff scene; I thought it went on forever and I did feel like we'd established what a ratfuck he is anyway.  BUT it did certainly do its job. Ugh.I would  have liked a little setup for Stannis showing up, and a little more screentime for the brothers' summit, I enjoyed what I did get of that.
230	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	Concerning Ros...
Everyone indeed is entitled to their own opinion. If someone wants to have a sense of outrage that characters have been changed and added to this show, that is perfectly legitimate. I personally take a great bit of delight in noting the changes from the books, although I leave anger out of the equation now. I came to a quick realization that all I would be doing by maintaining my frustration is denying myself enjoyment in this show.
What I am suggesting, is that those who fume every time they see a change from the series and the books "get the fuck over it". Anyone here is free to take my advice, or reject it. I personally believe that watching these scenes for what they are on your television screens have merit, good story telling, are superbly acted, and are consistent to the overall theme of the story. I didn't believe that when I viewed them with lenses that were clouded by anger at the changes.
edited to say that I have no desire for anyone in these forums to STFU... I love the differing of opinions that we have here, and I relish the opportunity to discuss this show from different viewpoints.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 23 April 2012 - 12:55 AM.
231	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	Agreed.  At least we were spared seeing a 3 year old boy's face smashed in with a mace for the unforgiveably crime of crying for his undoubtedly dead father.  And his distraught, multiple-raped mother beheaded right afterwards.  The books were far more graphic, both in violent and sexual content.Thank you! I think some people have a problem visualizing another persons interpretation of sex and violence, because everyone visualizes things differently. Sort of like how I love reading horror novels, but despise most horror movies.
232	Rockroi	2012-04-23	You're literally on your last legs, starving, dying of thirst, utterly defenseless, nowhere to go, the end of the road. You find yourself outside the gates of a rich, lush city, facing 13 cunning powerful well-fed rulers of the city, and they demand that you produce proof--proof that you have in your possession the most valuable possessions the modern world has ever known. What do you do? Show them the dragons? You mean like she did in the books?  See, that's the thing- in the books we never quibble over this point.  The dragons are out in the open for all the world to see and what's protecting them is the fact that men want to use her and the dragons.  We don't need some contrieved scene where an actor pulls out a knife and cuts his hand and says stuff we don't care about.Great. So their guards march over to you, slit your throat, kick your starving bony ass into the bone yard and coo-coo-welcome your dragons into their possession. Buh-bye, Mother of Dragons. Your 'children' are ours, now. You're crow meat.What kept them from doing that anyway?  Either they can march over her and she was lying or they can march over her and she has the dragons.  Either way its meaningless.  Why does SHOWINg them the dragons put her in more danger?  They could kill them either way?  /shrugs. No. You negotiate your way into the city with hints and threats,What hints?  The hints where she threatens to- some day - burn the city down.  Oh yeah, real deep thinking there.  That's not "negotiating" your way into the city.knowing that while you hold the most valuable hand in the world (i.e., that you may have actual dragons), you're untouchable.... or she could just show them the dragons ... and be untouchable....  We get to the same place, just my way is faster.You won't be attacked or killed, at least until these city folk get a full understanding of how to deal with you, how exactly to steal your dragons.... or she could just show them the dragons... and the people can think and plot and scheme all they like.  No, really, what does keeping them in the box do?  Make them REALLY want to see the dragons?Dany did exactly what a trained negotiator would do in this situation. She negotiated--By threatening to burn the city down (one day)?  I don't know many "trained negotiators" who start exclaiming how they will burn your city down.  She sounded nuts, actually (which may have been the closest thing to interesting, namely that the writers want to show Dany to be a little crazy).  That's not skilled negotiating; that's empty threats.  And it didn't work, even in a light most favorable to your argument: the fat guy was not cowed by her and the Summer Islander guy did not let her in because of her threats.  So, yeah, not sure why she did not just say, "Here are my dragons?"  And I am not sure why by NOT showing them it bought her ore time....And even if it did a scene that was not even mentioned in the books (and therefore took up no time at all), took up much needed time elsewhere in the show.  That's my whole point- they could have done just as well by having us watch her march in.  You know?  Like the book?Show them the dragons? She would have died on the spot.You mean like she didn't in the books?
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 23 April 2012 - 01:01 AM.
233	Longspear Ryk	2012-04-23	The end sucked.. No offense loved how they showed the shadow baby... But they should of ended it with it merking off renly in the tent...
The ending definitly turned off a lot of viewers just bc of the okay... Wtf am i watching moment.. Too weird for most non book readers... If they had it do it's deed it would of made sense
234	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	The changes to Littlefinger are starting to get to me. He wasn't so open in the novel. I thought they wrote him very well in the first season, he was exactly like I thought he'd be. Sly and always 15 steps ahead of everybody. And this season he's telling Cat he loves her and almost getting Cersei to kill him. That is not Littlefinger, he's much more cautious and calculated.
235	Maester Hodor	2012-04-23	It was good to find out what "tickling" actually was!
236	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	I don't understand how people can still rate the series by comparing it constantly to the books. It's an ADAPTATION. You cannot translate every single little thing that you enjoyed from a 1000 page book onto a 10 episode season. It's impossible! You have to merge some characters, cut some points of the story and you have to re-interpret certain things to make it more palpable to the tv viewer.
The reason why Jack Gleeson got that extra scene is because 1) He's one of the best actors on the show. 2) The fans love to hate him. As far as cutting the peach out of the Baratheon parley, it's a fan favorite, sure, but not necessarily vital in that moment. 
As someone said upthread, Ros is a character in the tv show. GET OVER IT. She doesn't take time away from anyone else because she's just as much a character of the TV SERIES as anyone else. Her storyline adds more depth to the main characters.
237	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	Jack Gleeson just nails his role every episode.  He and Dinklage seem to really get the characters and I love watching them.You're right, he deserves some props. Few people can come off so strongly evil, it's some really powerful acting.
238	dark  sister	2012-04-23	darksister- Joff/whores scene was not in the books. Tywin chatting it up with Arya and the others was not in the books, nor was the Gendry torture scene. Robb talking to some chick on the battlefield was not either. Roose Bolton also would not have spoken to Robb in ACOK IIRC, since their forces were separated the entire time.There might be something else I'm missing, but I can't remember the entire ep.Yes, and I said that I was pretty sure I was missing some other added scenes.  The Joffrey/whores scene -- and this is a big departure for me -- I actually thought was a good addition. Because this was not a gratuitous sex scene.  There was torture going on, a la American Psycho (ever seen it?)  I think they took an idea from the book where Tyrion wanted to take Joff to Chataya's (this was after he had Boros rip off Sansa's bodice and realized that part of why he ordered that to be done was b/c he wanted to see "a pair of teats").  So they took this idea that never got to happen in the book, and they implemented it into the episode, since they couldn't rip off Sophie Turner's dress (she's under 18) and also she wasn't hit with the flat of the blade nearly as much as in the books.  It was only one hit, and then Tyrion entered.  So I thought it was interesting how they showed that Joff's lust for sexual violence (or just violence) was not sated, and so he recreated the scene by having one whore hit the other with a MACE.  For once, the addition of that scene seemed well done and relevant to canon.But what I meant - if I didn't express it clearly enough before - is that COMPARATIVELY, this episode had the least number of additions, more stuff that was almost verbatim from the books, and if there were additions, they were usually pretty similar to what actually happened IIRC. The Qaarth scene was the only major departure.And this is to everyone: is it just me, or are the episodes getting shorter? Or are they generally shorter than last season's episodes?  Maybe it's just flying by, but my mother commented on it too.
239	Currawong	2012-04-23	In regards to the comments about people complaining about how the show does not match up with the book, and how they should essentially STFU, let me say this.I usually tell my friends that it is better to see the movie on which a book is based before reading the book. The book is always better than the movie; Imagination has no budget. The movie doesn't ruin the book, it's rather the other way around.I have no problem with them combining various scenes and characters where needed in order to make the show work. I also don't particularly mind them adding scenes in order to give more background to characters. I sometimes wonder if Martin is particularly complicit in them, thinking that perhaps the reaction to some of his characters was not as he had expected, and therefore wants them to add scenes to give a different take on a character (i.e. Cersei, season 1).However, what concerns me are butterfly effects..People need to remember that they are watching an ADAPTATION of the books, not an exact filming of the story, and that means there will be changes.  If you don't get this by now, perhaps go and review various cast interviews.  Seeing that so many people like Charles Dance, perhaps they could start with his interviews, including the importance of the scripts standing alone, and the reasons why he hasn't read the books.   And for those who seem to nitpick about even the tiniest little thing, or dislike far more than they like about the show, all I can say is - your TV does have an OFF switch, you know.  If you don't want to be peeved, annoyed or disappointed each week, then don't watch the show at all.  Simple, and much better for your blood pressure  /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />One other thing - many viewers won't have read the books at all, so they won't be aware of all the details that some book fans complain have been omitted or condensed.  The key thing for HBO is that the series works for general TV viewers who are new to GRRM's world, and for that reasond they will add scenes and characters, omit or alter others, and possibly alter the order of some events.  It has to tell A Good Story, and because the books are so complex, there are going to be changes.  I agree about the possible butterfly effects, but D & D are working to a long term plan for the series, so I have to have faith that they will have taken these things into account.  Even though they may not have written details scripts for upcoming seasons, you assume they have at least worked out the basic storylines so that these matters have been addressed.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 23 April 2012 - 01:18 AM.
240	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	You're right, he deserves some props. Few people can come off so strongly evil, it's some really powerful acting.Exactly. This scene also ties into Robert telling Ned about Joffrey torturing his pet cat and Cersei demanding that he not be punished for it. Now we see him years later and he's graduated to torturing prostitutes. Not only was I condemning Joffrey while watching that scene but I was also hating on Cersei for creating this vile monster. No checks were ever put on him. He's a sociopath, just as portrayed in the books.
241	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	The book never implied that Joff was sexually aroused by torture.  This scene did, IMO.  Book Joff was sadistic, but TV Joff is off the charts.Tyrion thought it, and it was quite obvious.
242	dark  sister	2012-04-23	I totally agree with the butterfly effect problem too and GRRM himself mentioned that it could be a problem.  And his example for this was when Drogo slew Mago!  That is such a small, small incident compared to other things they have changed or added. The biggest example that comes to mind is when LF acts totally out of character and taunts Cersei about her twincest, and she threatens to slit his throat.  The best player of the Game would, firstly, never do something like that, and, secondly, never let her get away with it.  We don't know if Cersei is going to eventually die (although a lot of ppl hope she will) but damn, with LF's skill I can't see her living past season 3 after THAT insult, which would create a problem once they get to Feast, b/c so much of that book is from her POV.  Or at least, whenever I've read it it's always seemed that way to me.  Sometimes I call it "the Cersei book" out of all the ASOIAF books. (Ned was Game, Tyrion was Clash, Arya/Jon was 3, Cersei was 4, Dany was 5...)
Edit: About LF's taunting and Cersei's reaction. In the book, LF mentions to Sansa that if Cersei were to find her, he'd have to "remove her [Cersei] from the Game" before he had planned. This shows just how confident and likely capable he is of removing the Queen regent! And hey, I don't doubt it. Or, even if he overestimates himself and can't, that confidence and slyness is part of his character. So my problem with that particular scene is this: either the producers/writers are changing LF's character to one who would make a dumb move, be threatened/humiliated, and then not retaliate, or to one who would taunt her, be threatened, then kill her in retribution. Either way, they are severely changing his character -- all in one added scene.  Cersei's reaction to his savage wit was totally in character for her, but it's so out of character for him that I believe it might confuse the viewer who hasn't read the books. In the first season, he is infinitely cunning and seems never to make a mistake at court; here, he is making a fool out of himself.  I wish I could ask the writers what they were trying to set up/accomplish with that confrontation.
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 23 April 2012 - 02:23 AM.
243	dark  sister	2012-04-23	Exactly. This scene also ties into Robert telling Ned about Joffrey torturing his pet cat and Cersei demanding that he not be punished for it. Now we see him years later and he's graduated to torturing prostitutes. Not only was I condemning Joffrey while watching that scene but I was also hating on Cersei for creating this vile monster. No checks were ever put on him. He's a sociopath, just as portrayed in the books.Haha I totally applaud Jack Gleeson.  He's truly a gifted young actor.  I've seen him in a couple of other roles, but I thought the scene in the throne room with Sansa was especially good -- near the end there was this way he pitched his voice louder and somehow crueler that was just terrifying.
244	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	I am dumbfounded that someone would get through watching this great pile of awesomeness and then run immediately to their computer to start complaining about it. Here are some facts...1. The TV show is not the books. It is based on the books. It is also being translated with as much care and appreciation as any work of fantasy that I have ever seen. This includes the LOTR movies by Peter Jackson. I actually think this is much closer to the books.2. The characters are not the exact same characters. First of all, to eliminate confusion, some characters have been merged with other character, and some have taken on different personalities. The point, is that the overall story arc is still being lovingly told here. I try not to judge any performance based on the book character, but instead base it on how well they are acted. So far the level of acting in this series is as remarkable as anything that i have ever seen on television, including Shae, Peter Baelish, and Joffery. They are nailing their performances every time. They are all achieving the emotional discourse that they are being directed in outstandingly.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> You hit the nail right on the head. Thank you!
245	Smooth	2012-04-23	I don't mind changes that are necessary, like using fewer characters or combining events. I do mind changes that seem forced. Why is Dany even talking to the "13"? There's only one that needs to be known, the rest can be ambiguous, just a brief mention of what they are would have completely nullified the scene. She could have easily arrived to open gates and Xaro to greet her. I think they could have ended the Joff/Whore scene with the line where he tells Ros to hit the other girl. Everyone would have gotten the point. They do have to change some things. You can't exactly strip Sansa naked. I'm sure everyone is fine with that. I'm also fine with them not always following the book. They can introduce new things that aren't in the book but don't change the story. If they would cut back on the continuous sex scenes, nudity and fart jokes, they probably wouldn't have to cut so much of the story. 
It's still a good show. It just feels like things are drifting this season. 
Also, what was up with the change in LF's voice and seeming less amiable this season?
246	Mauvka	2012-04-23	In defense of the Joffrey/whores scene...I think it does quite a bit more than just show the progression of his depravity.  This scene solidifies why, once the Lannister/Tyrell alliance is made, Joffrey must die. Think about what we've seen of Joffrey up to this point from the perspective of a powerful family like the Tyrells:He beats up on Sansa--Well, there's bad blood between them (war and all that), and she's far more a prisoner of war than a queen.  There is no reason to presume from this that the way he treats Sansa will be the way he treats Margaery.He has commoners/drunk knights tortured--again, the Tyrells would think they are above such risk.  They are a powerful house, not like the rabble.He had Robert's bastards killed--an ugly order, but some may call it justifiedWhile many of these actions can be a bad PR issue for the Crown-Tyrell alliance... none are a serious threat.  What Joffrey does with the whores, is.  As someone above noted, a teenage boy is presented with two naked young ladies in a room... and his reaction is to have them beat each other?  The mental depravity of that scene goes far beyond anything we've seen before.  Margaery can never be safe married to this Joffrey.  That is why the Tyrells will take on the huge huge risk of assassinating the king.  Not just the king, but a Lannister king.  I'm sure the Tyrells have heard the "Rains of Castamere," and they need a better reason to take that risk than "Joffrey has a mean streak." That is why we will have the Purple Wedding.
247	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	I thought book joffery is the same age if not older then Robb. In the Show he seems about 14. Am I wrong?Robb was 14 in the books, not 30 as in the show.
248	Ghost714	2012-04-23	Did anybody notice in the preview for next weeks episode, Jaqen H'ghar told Arya that "the red god" must have three lives? That may not be exactly what he said, but I know he said red god, in connection with the three deaths he owes Arya. I know that part was in the book, where Arya gets to have Jaqen kill three people, but in the books he never called it the red god. Red god to me means R'hllor, but the Faceless Men surve Him of many Faces.
That's going to be strange if the show has the FM worshiping R'hllor, because the Red Priests of R'hllor are for Dany(in Volantis anyway), and the FM are most likely against Dany, or at least wanting to kill her Dragons.
249	JonHo	2012-04-23	This is from a Clash of Kings, page 465:  â<U+0080><U+009C>The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life.â<U+0080><U+009D>
250	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	Did anybody notice in the preview for next weeks episode, Jaqen H'ghar told Arya that "the red god" must have three lives? That may not be exactly what he said, but I know he said red god, in connection with the three deaths he owes Arya. I know that part was in the book, where Arya gets to have Jaqen kill three people, but in the books he never called it the red god. Red god to me means R'hllor, but the Faceless Men surve Him of many Faces.That's going to be strange if the show has the FM worshiping R'hllor, because the Red Priests of R'hllor are for Dany(in Volantis anyway), and the FM are most likely against Dany, or at least wanting to kill her Dragons.No, he calls it the red God in the books as well:â<U+0080><U+009C>The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life. This girl took three that were his. This girl must give three in their places. Speak the names, and a man will do the rest.â<U+0080><U+009D>I think they'll make Talisa a Lannister, just to make Robb's mistake more clear cut.
251	Ghost714	2012-04-23	Robb was 14 in the books, not 30 as in the show.Robb is definitely not 30 in the show. All the characters are around three years older, than they are in the books. That puts Robb around 18.
252	JonHo	2012-04-23	Exactly. This scene also ties into Robert telling Ned about Joffrey torturing his pet cat and Cersei demanding that he not be punished for it. Now we see him years later and he's graduated to torturing prostitutes. Not only was I condemning Joffrey while watching that scene but I was also hating on Cersei for creating this vile monster. No checks were ever put on him. He's a sociopath, just as portrayed in the books.Yeah thats cute, but Robert and Cersei are both responsible for the way Joffrey turned out.
253	Ghost714	2012-04-23	This is from a Clash of Kings, page 465:  Â<U+0093>The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life.Â<U+0094>Thank you, I can't believe I forgot that.
254	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	Robb is definitely not 30 in the show. All the characters are around three years older, than they are in the books. That puts Robb around 18.He looks 30, regardless of whether he's supposed to be 18 or not, Obviously, he cannot truly be 30.
255	Winterfellian	2012-04-23	I haven't read the entire thread but here are some of thoughts on tonightÂ´s episode:
- As a whole I loved it despite the deviations from the books. I like that they are keeping some of the story lines out of each episode now. Even though I do miss dome of the characters it is better for the show.
- Harrenhal was awesome...way better that I imagined it. All the scenes there were amazing and so was Maisie William. I like the way they are shortening Arya's story line. They are doing such a fantastic job
- Littlefinger is probably the one thing that isn't doing it for me this season. Is not only the actor but I didn't appreciate the ''I love you since I was a boy scene''. Where is the enigmatic cunning and devious player from the books? This coming from someone who loathes littlefinger
- Renly and Stannis parley was another great scene (I did miss the peach but we canÂ´t always win them all) What is he a ham? made me laugh
- Peter dinklage...I don't need to say more. We couldn't have asked for a better Tyrion.
- The whore scene as uncortable as it was to watch I appreciated it because is so much in line with Joffrey. Let's face it he did terrible things in the book too. The brothel scene from episode 2 was way more uncomfortable and useless for me
- The shadow scene was just too awesome for words.
As a whole I just loved the episode. Am watching the series with my brother (whom I've been trying to get to read the books for a while now) and after tonight's episode he asked if he could borrow them!
256	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	Yeah thats cute, but Robert and Cersei are both responsible for the way Joffrey turned out.You can definitely say that Robert had a hand in it for neglecting Joffrey, but lots of sons have absentee fathers. They don't all turn out to be prostitute bashing psychos though...Cersei had a much more active role in her son's upbringing. The feeling I got from the books is that the cat incident wasn't a totally isolated event. Especially considering that Tommen says in ADwD that sometimes he had to "go inside himself" to escape horrible situations in relations to Joffrey which is just a mindfuck to think about in and of itself. Cersei saw these types of things go on and she never corrected him. She just fanned the flames even more by instilling the kingly sense of entitlement upon him.
257	Ghost714	2012-04-23	He looks 30, regardless of whether he's supposed to be 18 or not, Obviously, he cannot truly be 30.Ugh.. I never thought he looked 30. Especially in the first season before he grew a beard. I think him and Jon both look like there in there 20's.
258	rmholt	2012-04-23	No, I'm sorry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Ha ha well he did give her his cloak when Tyrion asked someone to do so - notably it was a bit of a mess compared to Trant's - interesting contrast of honor and cloak soiling
259	RevengeOfTheStarks	2012-04-23	I am dumbfounded that someone would get through watching this great pile of awesomeness and then run immediately to their computer to start complaining about it. Here are some facts...1. The TV show is not the books. It is based on the books. It is also being translated with as much care and appreciation as any work of fantasy that I have ever seen. This includes the LOTR movies by Peter Jackson. I actually think this is much closer to the books.2. The characters are not the exact same characters. First of all, to eliminate confusion, some characters have been merged with other character, and some have taken on different personalities. The point, is that the overall story arc is still being lovingly told here. I try not to judge any performance based on the book character, but instead base it on how well they are acted. So far the level of acting in this series is as remarkable as anything that i have ever seen on television, including Shae, Peter Baelish, and Joffery. They are nailing their performances every time. They are all achieving the emotional discourse that they are being directed in outstandingly.3. Ros is a character on the show. Get the fuck over it. Her role is not a waste of space, she is providing a great narrative, and she is smoking hot. She is also nailing her role. the look of fear on her face as Joffrey forces her to beat her fellow worker was some of the best acting on tonight's episode, and as I already mentioned, this is remarkable because of how well acted this series is.Agreed.Well said. Agree 100%. Book readers should be happy that this story is being told on tv and on a channel that can truly do it justice. It's an adaptation, name me an adaptation that is 100% accurate to its source material and i will name you a liar.Not many books get portrayed with such great production quality, acting, budget, etc. Plus, the overall story that the books tell is being told, just in a more t.v./hbo friendly manner.This should be pinned to the top of every single one of these threads.Ugghhh I KNOW RIGHT?!! How dare these people interrupt your circle jerk with their own varying and diverse opinions? If they dare to post on these boards with opinions that differ from yours, they are totally wasting everyone's time, including their own AND there must be something wrong with their BRAINS!!!! Clearly, as evidenced by the fact that they don't agree with every blessed word that's coming off your divinely inspired fingertips, they don't properly appreciate the HBO series, like you do, and it's just an art form entirely wasted on them! ONLINE FORUMS ARE ONLY FOR PEOPLE WHO AGREE WITH YOU 100%, ANYONE ELSE IS AN IDIOT AND CAN SHOW THEMSELVES THE DOOR!
260	Leia	2012-04-23	Well, I really missed Sandor's "Enough!" in the show and I'm hoping they won't cut the scene when he catches Sansa /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
And I think it's good Dany didn't show the dragons, they're too small still and it's too dangerous among these greedy men /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
Overall an excellent episode though, every episode is better and better actually, can't wait for the season finale! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
261	rmholt	2012-04-23	Jack Gleeson just nails his role every episode.  He and Dinklage seem to really get the characters and I love watching them.Yes I cant wait to see him die!!!
262	Maroucia	2012-04-23	He looks 30, regardless of whether he's supposed to be 18 or not, Obviously, he cannot truly be 30.Robb does not look to be in his 30s, I'm 26 and I don't see him as being older then me; he could be my age, a little bitty more (like 28, MAX) or less...Anyway, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ok, since they aged everyone the show..
					
					
							Edited by Maroucia, 23 April 2012 - 02:00 AM.
263	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	I'm sorry /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />  And what exactly are you hoping for?She is hoping for the false romantic San/San interaction.
264	Maroucia	2012-04-23	She is hoping for the false romantic San/San interaction.Whatever you call it, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still supposed to happen.
265	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	Robb does not look to be in his 30s, I'm 26 and I don't see him as being older then me; he could be my age, a little bitty more (like 28, MAX) or less...Anyway, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ok, since they aged everyone the show..I think he looks 30, and 28 is much closer to 30 than 18. I was responding to another posters comment regarding Robb/Joff's age. I do not have a problem with the aging up of characters. They have to in order to have sex scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl, 23 April 2012 - 02:20 AM.
266	Maroucia	2012-04-23	I think he looks 30, and 28 is much closer to 3o than 18. I was responding to another posters comment regarding Robb/Joff's age. I do not have a problem with the aging up of characters. They have to in order to have sex scenes.Ok, sorry if I didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t follow the whole conversation. Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m with you on that anyway.
267	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	She is hoping for the false romantic San/San interaction.The book SanSan moments are not false-they may be interpreted over-enthusiastically but that's a standard feature of fandom.
268	Maroucia	2012-04-23	The book SanSan moments are not false-they may be interpreted over-enthusiastically but that's a standard feature of fandom.Winter's Knight, did you change name? I'm all confused now... /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />
269	AeonFrog	2012-04-23	At first I was disappointed by the changes this season, but now I'm glad that we're seeing things that we didn't get to see in the books (Loras/Renly/Maegaery, even more of Joff's sadism, etc.) At this point the only thing that bugs me is characters not dying when they're supposed to die (I'm looking at you Doreah). Anyway, back on topic, I really love what they've done with Davos. His character feels much more real (for lack of a better term) in the show. In the books, I always got the impression that Davos was just a window into Stannis' storyline, and that he didn't add much to the series (although that's changing with ADWD).
I also loved the scene where Tywin was dissing his men. I'm guessing Bolton isn't going to take control of Harrenhal since Arya is going to be acting as Tywin's cupbearer.
					
					
							Edited by AeonFrog, 23 April 2012 - 02:13 AM.
270	trins	2012-04-23	She is hoping for the false romantic San/San interaction.Is that supposed to be snark remark - I'm sick of people ripping on those fans, so what if they like San/San it's actually more plausible and yes romantic in some ways than any other couples in the entire series.  It's not imaged when he asks her to come with him Blackwater, nor was imaged when he gave her that damned cloak right before he nearly defended her.  esp for Sansa's arc because she likes love stories and love ballads so much thus anything remotely resembling a 'song' if you will intrigue people.  AND nothing in this series is romantic in any sense (regarding major characters), this happens to come close so people latch onto it.
271	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	I liked the episode, but man--I really, really, really hated the Joffrey and Ros scene. And it's not because I hate Ros (I do) and it's not because I think the show should slavishly adhere to the books (I don't), it's because it *completely* knocks the wind out of Sansa's sails. Here you have this amazing, powerful scene of the king ordering his lady wife to be beaten, humiliated, and abused by a member of the kingsguard--the knightliest of knights (in theory)--in front of the court. Powerful scene just underlining both how horrid a king he is, and how Tyrion Lannister is, no matter what else, a decent person. The scene was perfect, down to Tyrion's grand entrance--and the look that's exchanged between Tyrion and Sansa is priceless. I'm not a shipper, I don't care about any of this pairing nonsense--I just think it underlines (again) how Tyrion cares for broken things, and how grateful Sansa is to have one person treat her with humanity at King's Landing, though of course we learn that she's not going to let herself say something unguardedly.And then we get the prostitutes scene to follow up, which is going to be all anybody talks about. That's complete nonsense, and it goes along with this:I have only one complaint and it's regarding Sansa, I feel like the writers have forgotten she's a POV, hence main, character. Not some random side line character for Cersei and Joffery's to emotionally and physically torture. She had one great scene last episode when she's reflecting on herself in the mirror and her interactions with Shae. Hope that changes soon.7/10 /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Agreed completely. In the commentaries, Dave and Dan (along with the writer Cogman) always say that they don't understand why Sansa is so disliked. Well, I don't think it's any fault of Sophie Turner, as she turns any scene she's in into gold because she really *gets* the character. The problem is that they made her far brattier in season one than she was in the books, and now when there's a chance to turn people around on her, they don't give her much agency at all. The last episode did an admirable job in trying, but people got mixed messages with her yelling at Shae. Obviously we can't get into her head, and we can't just see her moping around Red Keep... but since they don't mind inventing scenes for characterization, they could think of something!In defense of the Joffrey/whores scene...He beats up on Sansa--Well, there's bad blood between them (war and all that), and she's far more a prisoner of war than a queen. There is no reason to presume from this that the way he treats Sansa will be the way he treats Margaery.He has commoners/drunk knights tortured--again, the Tyrells would think they are above such risk. They are a powerful house, not like the rabble.He had Robert's bastards killed--an ugly order, but some may call it justified
As someone above noted, a teenage boy is presented with two naked young ladies in a room... and his reaction is to have them beat each other? The mental depravity of that scene goes far beyond anything we've seen before. (parts of quote snipped out)Yeah, I don't think that's true. For one thing, I'm not sure anybody highborn in Westeros cares about hookers--if anything, they'd care about them less than the commoners. Remember the bit from season one where Varys remarks about the somewhat odd tastes that Littlefinger's brothels cater too? It'd be regarded as a quirk, not something to horrify. But prisoners of war, even in this world, are supposed to be treated with decency, at least if highborn. Torturing captives is not acceptable--especially if they're ladies. I think that alone would be sufficient--but if not, what he does to the whores is something shocking to the audience, not to the Tyrells or others like them.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 23 April 2012 - 02:24 AM.
272	Serc	2012-04-23	What was with the acting this episode? Anything Danny was horrible, Stannis/Renly was just... wooden, and blargh.
Tyrion and Bronn, of course, managed to steal the show. The only quality acting in this episode, besides Arya and Tywin. There's a lot of hate for the Joffrey scene (similar to Ros in the last one), but it worked very VERY well. Cannot wait for the guy to die.
Too much Littlefinger. I'm getting bored whenever I see him. He's not even that important. What was the point of the Margaery bit with him? He should have had a quarter of what he did. I "like" the guy and everything, but there's far too much of him.
Melisandre and Davos was... amazing. I knew they'd end an episode with it, and just WOW. Amazingly done. Can't say anything more.
Most of the episode was bad. They managed to pull off an utterly amazing finish, though. Can't wait for next week. Hopefully it has more Arya.
273	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2012-04-23	Honestly, this episode felt every bit as dark and disturbing watching as I felt when reading the books.  Which is a great achievement, but also a worrying one. I know the fans of the books will not have a problem, but the casual TV viewer might find it a little too much to take.  Everyone like dark and edgy when it's comic book "dark and edgy", like true blood stuff. But when it's real dark most people don't have the stomach for it.
274	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	Winter's Knight, did you change name? I'm all confused now... /huh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />I used to be Winterbreath /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
275	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	Is that supposed to be snark remark - I'm sick of people ripping on those fans, so what if they like San/San it's actually more plausible and yes romantic in some ways than any other couples in the entire series.  It's not imaged when he asks her to come with him Blackwater, nor was imaged when he gave her that damned cloak right before he nearly defended her.  esp for Sansa's arc because she likes love stories and love ballads so much thus anything remotely resembling a 'song' if you will intrigue people.  AND nothing in this series is romantic in any sense (regarding major characters), this happens to come close so people latch onto it.I don't know if this is accurate, and I hate throwing out unsubstantiated remarks--but I was told that GRRM had at one point confirmed that Clegane planned to rape Sansa after the Blackwater, but asked for a song instead. If so, that completely throws out any possible notion of a romance--if there is anything at all romantic about someone of his age and an eleven year-old (or thirteen year-old, here). I don't like getting involved in arguments with shippers, given what usually results from those (and I don't have a horse in this race, except that I like Sansa) but it doesn't seem like the healthiest relationship. It's stockholm syndrome if anything else, and it wouldn't be good for Sansa to say "well, nobody else has treated me with anything resembling affection, so I'll go for this very dangerous and scary guy!"But anyway, I suppose that's a discussion for another time.
276	Honey Badger	2012-04-23	Thought the episode was solid and I like where they're going.  Bolton got a few changes to fit a visual versus a written medium.  Liked the decision to use Tywin for Harrenhal.  Xho I thought would be long and thin, but looks like they're using a giant Shaq looking guy instead.  Jeyne Westerling looks good, and they're laying the groundwork for where the Frey storyline is going to go.  I like that they truncated the shadow babies into one baby to represent Stannis' son, and Lady Margaery is obviously becoming the Marg/Queen of Thorns hybrid.Loved the QoT, but for television it makes sense to have one Natalie Dormer/Anne Boleyn/Margaery/Queen of Thorns handle all the heavy lifting.  It gives the actress enough screen time and responsibility to become a force in King's Landing, plus it eliminates the awkwardness of making her powerful right now, but a mindless servant girl when the QoT enters the scene and starts telling her what to do.  You don't want two different actresses contradicting each other and fighting for screen time.I don't like the way the shadow baby made that horrible screech. It was supposed to be Stannis in shadow form, y'know? Why would it screech? And it was soooo hard to see it. I also think that she should have talked about how they needed to row her there because of the magic locked into the stones of Storm's End. That would've been a good explanation. I like that they kept the rotten onion part, but if I had to cut one line, it would be the latter, b/c the former explains WHY Davos had to smuggle her beneath the walls.That's too much.  Show, not tell.  We don't need to know why the baby had to be smuggled in.
277	Maroucia	2012-04-23	I used to be Winterbreath /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I was sure it was you, not only because of the avatar, but mostly because of the biennsa shipping! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
278	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-23	The book SanSan moments are not false-they may be interpreted over-enthusiastically but that's a standard feature of fandom.I wouldn't call a young girls interaction with a self-loathing drunken man romantic. IIRC, she was frightened after being attacked,
279	salt	2012-04-23	Harrenhall in the opening credits- WOW!!
280	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-23	In defense of the Joffrey/whores scene...I think it does quite a bit more than just show the progression of his depravity.  This scene solidifies why, once the Lannister/Tyrell alliance is made, Joffrey must die. Think about what we've seen of Joffrey up to this point from the perspective of a powerful family like the Tyrells:He beats up on Sansa--Well, there's bad blood between them (war and all that), and she's far more a prisoner of war than a queen.  There is no reason to presume from this that the way he treats Sansa will be the way he treats Margaery.He has commoners/drunk knights tortured--again, the Tyrells would think they are above such risk.  They are a powerful house, not like the rabble.He had Robert's bastards killed--an ugly order, but some may call it justifiedWhile many of these actions can be a bad PR issue for the Crown-Tyrell alliance... none are a serious threat.  What Joffrey does with the whores, is.  As someone above noted, a teenage boy is presented with two naked young ladies in a room... and his reaction is to have them beat each other?  The mental depravity of that scene goes far beyond anything we've seen before.  Margaery can never be safe married to this Joffrey.  That is why the Tyrells will take on the huge huge risk of assassinating the king.  Not just the king, but a Lannister king.  I'm sure the Tyrells have heard the "Rains of Castamere," and they need a better reason to take that risk than "Joffrey has a mean streak." That is why we will have the Purple Wedding.In the books, the Tyrells decided to kill Joffrey because of his repeated abuse of Sansa - who was a highborn maiden.  I doubt they would have cared enough about Joffrey's abuse of two prostitutes to kill a king (and a king who could sire a future king on Margaery a lot sooner than Tommen could).
281	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	I was sure it was you, not only because of the avatar, but mostly because of the biennsa shipping! /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Ah yes-I fear that the good ship  Briennsa will suffer a fate similar to Harmony in the Harry Potter fandom.
282	Leia	2012-04-23	but I was told that GRRM had at one point confirmed that Clegane planned to rape Sansa after the Blackwater, but asked for a song instead. If so, that completely throws out any possible notion of a romanceWell, of course he wanted to rape her because he thought it was the only way he could "have" her in a way... But when he faced her we see he is not that kind of person, he still has good in his heart and he only took the song in the end because he, in truth, didn't want to harm her... I especially felt it is all true and deep when she cupped his face and he just said "Little bird..."And besides, silence and eye contact can speak more than words.But yes, a discussion for other topic. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
283	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	Ugghhh I KNOW RIGHT?!! How dare these people interrupt your circle jerk with their own varying and diverse opinions? If they dare to post on these boards with opinions that differ from yours, they are totally wasting everyone's time, including their own AND there must be something wrong with their BRAINS!!!! Clearly, as evidenced by the fact that they don't agree with every blessed word that's coming off your divinely inspired fingertips, they don't properly appreciate the HBO series, like you do, and it's just an art form entirely wasted on them! ONLINE FORUMS ARE ONLY FOR PEOPLE WHO AGREE WITH YOU 100%, ANYONE ELSE IS AN IDIOT AND CAN SHOW THEMSELVES THE DOOR!Do you have an opinion to discuss? I am very open for an honest discourse on the merits of viewing the show as a purist, or one who enjoys the adaptations. All I see here is vitriol.I don't think everyone should agree with me, as i have pointed out in a later post. I enjoy discussion, or else I wouldn't be in a forum. I just don't understand what it is you want me to discuss here..There are several discussions in this very thread about reasons that people did or did not like a scene. Some of them are very well thought out, and elucidated thoroughly. I will use Rockroi's example of what he didn't like about the Garden of Bones scene as an example. He explained very well what he didn't like with the inconsistencies he saw in the characters and their motivations. Another poster retorted with their own ideas that differed from him, and pointed out a different viewpoint. He validated his viewpoint with evidence from the books and TV show. All of these things are productive to a discussion.I contrast that with posts that just basically point out how the TV show and book are different ergo the poster hated it. The later, I find to be narrow minded. We have all read the books here. Some of us dozens and dozens of times over the spans of years. Spotting discrepancies can be cool. endlessly whining about them for their own sake grows a little tiresome for me. Just as you have the right to be happily unhappy about the changes in this series, I have the right to talk about what i think about this.In short... Get the fuck over it... Feel free to take my advice, or not however you so choose.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 23 April 2012 - 02:35 AM.
284	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-23	I don't know if this is accurate, and I hate throwing out unsubstantiated remarks--but I was told that GRRM had at one point confirmed that Clegane planned to rape Sansa after the Blackwater, but asked for a song instead. If so, that completely throws out any possible notion of a romance--if there is anything at all romantic about someone of his age and an eleven year-old (or thirteen year-old, here). I don't like getting involved in arguments with shippers, given what usually results from those (and I don't have a horse in this race, except that I like Sansa) but it doesn't seem like the healthiest relationship. It's stockholm syndrome if anything else, and it wouldn't be good for Sansa to say "well, nobody else has treated me with anything resembling affection, so I'll go for this very dangerous and scary guy!"But anyway, I suppose that's a discussion for another time.I'd be interested in knowing whether GRRM definitely confirmed that the Hound planned, before entering Sansa's bedchamber on the night of the battle, to rape her.I don't think that book-Sansa and book-Sandor are necessarily soulmates/future lovers; but I do think they formed some kind of bond during Sansa's time in King's Landing.  He was one of the few people who was always honest with her, and actually gave her some very useful advice.  And since Sansa had no father or protector once Ned died, she was very alone and needed every possible ally that she could find; even a somewhat dangerous one like Sandor.  He did stand up for her to some extent; and also saved her life.  It's realistic that she developed some kind of semi-romantic sympathy for him; it's not like Sansa was being courted by a handsome prince her own age who was not a vicious monster.
285	Lady Stormheart	2012-04-23	I don't recall Ned's bones ever being returned.
I thought Bolton was the one that chose Arya for a cupbearer not Tywin.
286	Maroucia	2012-04-23	I wouldn't call a young girls interaction with a self-loathing drunken man romantic. IIRC, she was frightened after being attacked,As I said before, even if you didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like their interactions in the books, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still an important part of Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arc, and also a relatively important part of the ASOIAF story, so if HBO keeps ignoring it, something is going to be lacking in the end.
287	Lady Stormheart	2012-04-23	Joffrey was aroused by torture.
Robb was aroused by women decapitating people.
288	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	LadyStormheart, amputation is not the same as decapitation, lol. Decapitation is what happened to Robb's daddy. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I'd be interested in knowing whether GRRM definitely confirmed that the Hound planned, before entering Sansa's bedchamber on the night of the battle, to rape her.I don't think that book-Sansa and book-Sandor are necessarily soulmates/future lovers; but I do think they formed some kind of bond during Sansa's time in King's Landing.  He was one of the few people who was always honest with her, and actually gave her some very useful advice.  And since Sansa had no father or protector once Ned died, she was very alone and needed every possible ally that she could find; even a somewhat dangerous one like Sandor.  He did stand up for her to some extent; and also saved her life.  It's realistic that she developed some kind of semi-romantic sympathy for him; it's not like Sansa was being courted by a handsome prince her own age who was not a vicious monster.  Reasonably put. I wouldn't disagree with any of that, especially "semi-romantic." I'd say it's not what we'd want in a romance, and I certainly wouldn't be cheering for it, but I mean--she did imagine a kiss, and there's a reason for that. I happen to think it's not healthy, but that's not the same as saying it doesn't exist. You're right on the money here.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 23 April 2012 - 02:41 AM.
289	Serc	2012-04-23	itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s still an important part of Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arcI disagree. The Hound protected her, there was some excellent characterization in there, but people like Dontos, Tyrion, or Joffrey are important. Not the Hound.
290	CloudFlare	2012-04-23	Joffrey was aroused by torture.Robb was aroused by women decapitating people.Correction: Amputating people. Maybe the Starks have a bit of Bolton blood in them?
291	Maroucia	2012-04-23	I disagree. The Hound protected her, there was some excellent characterization in there, but people like Dontos, Tyrion, or Joffrey are important. Not the Hound.Well, I also disagree with you since Sansa, in ASOS and AFFC, keeps thinking about Sandor in ALL of her chapters!!! Something is growing there; GRRM is not the kind of writer to throw stuff in his stories for no reasonsâ<U+0080>¦Of course, itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s all for us to see in WOW, but Sandor is definitely, at least as important as LF and Tyrion in Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arc, even if he has not been there physically for her in the last two books.
					
					
							Edited by Maroucia, 23 April 2012 - 03:18 AM.
292	Lady Stormheart	2012-04-23	Err, amputation. I meant.  lol. Thank you.
293	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-23	I liked this episode. The Lannister-saving-a-Stark juxtaposition (Tyrion-Sansa and Tywin-Arya) was a nice touch, and I liked that they brought Tywin to Harrenhal instead of Bolton. I can't wait for Arya and Tywin to interact! And like many have said, I have never been so happy to Tywin Lannister as I was when he rode up and put and end to the torture.
Cateyn, Renly, Stannis, Davos, etc were all fabulous. Even Littlefinger, and I usually hate Littlefinger. The shadowbaby scene was almost creepier than it was in the books - I can't wait to see That Scene in the next episode, because it actually stands out as one of the scariest scenes in the novels for me. I can't read that scene if I'm alone and/or it's night time.
I wasn't a fan of the Jeyne Westerling replacement. Was anyone else unimpressed by the Robb-Talisa conversation? I dunno, I just didn't buy it and it felt out of place...she trots out some eye-roll worthy anti-war arguments, and he bothers justifying his actions to a village healer? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Just seemed to jar with the overall tone of the series.
Also, one thing that I really appreciated about the original Jeyne Westerling of the novels was that she was unremarkable. In a story where all the power-player women are strong and proud, where some of them are seductive courtiers and others are warriors, Jeyne Westerling was strangely refreshing because she's the only queen who isn't quite worthy of her crown. She's just an ordinary, timid, somewhat naive teenage girl who is nice but bland, sweet and loving but not particularly strong, shrewd, or ambitious. Like Jaime Lannister observed, she's not worth losing a kingdom for. I always thought that was interesting, and even touching that Robb Stark saw something beautiful and worth fighting for in her.
Talisa comes off as a character from a lesser romance novel: the spirited commoner who wows the alpha lord with her beauty, sauciness, idealism, and I'm-not-impressed-with-you attitude. I did my time with Harlequin*, I don't need to see that again.
Another bit that I wasn't too impressed with was Joffrey's uber sadism with Ros (who has impressively managed to stay clothed this season) and Pycelle's unfortunate bedwarmer. It just didn't seem necessary. We already have seen his sadistic streak many times before, and if people didn't catch on then, they certainly caught on when Sansa was stripped and beaten - which, by the way, was even harder to watch on screen than it was to read. I love how she coolly swept out of the throne room after that, even managing to impress Tyrion. No wonder Joff hates her: no matter how much he hurts her, she won't let him take her dignity and her self-respect. Go you, Sansa, I liked it when you did this in the books too.
*for the laughs, I swear.
294	pleonasm	2012-04-23	I wasn't a fan of the Jeyne Westerling replacement. Was anyone else unimpressed by the Robb-Talisa conversation? I dunno, I just didn't buy it and it felt out of place...she trots out some eye-roll worthy anti-war arguments, and he bothers justifying his actions to a village healer? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Just seemed to jar with the overall tone of the series.This is the second time the writers have introduced a character who is convienently not from Westeros, and not familiar with the customs, so they can chastize our hero (this time Robb) and become a love interest. It was lazy writing with Shea and it isn't any more interesting with Jeyne 2.0.This was far and away the worst episode ever of Game of Thrones in my opinion.How exactly did the Lannister guards, at the beginning, know about Renly and Loras? They are at the other end of the continent! In a medieval like period! How the hell would they know? Is Littlefinger the Westeros version of TMZ? Sending out Ravens with the latest and greatest Kings Landing gossip? What the hell....The Joffrey rape scene was redundant. We already know he is a sadistic asshole... please see the last scene with Sansa.Harrenhal was a wreck. To the overly complex torture method (clearly dreamed up in the writer's room at 2 in the morning), to extra's blabbing about all their dead relatives (to no one in particular). And sadly, Arya's prayer, a truly heart breaking and character defining moment which lacked any emotional resonance.I thought last weeks episode was a real winner, but this was a train wreck. I don't particular care if they diverge from the books, I just want a smart sometimes sexy and sometimes violent version of Game of Thrones. This was none of the above.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 23 April 2012 - 03:28 AM.
295	kwak76	2012-04-23	Episode was OK. Not to big of a fan with the new mountain. Should of use the same guy.
Changed some stuff from the book with Tywin  using Arya as the cup bearer instead of Bolton. 
I think the interaction between Renly and Stannis is bit different from the book to the TV. I remember reading from the book  Renly was more like care free  and not as serious . Where as Stannis was iron and uptight. In the TV it seems like Renly is more serious and Stannis is bit weakly played by the actor. I think  Patrick Steward  could done a better a job playing Stannis. I don;'t know this other actor that is playing Stannis comes out little creepy to me. I mean toward the last scene when he is on the boat with Davos. He comes out creepy.
In  the book  there was the  peach scene which HBO didn't played  showed the interaction between the brothers. Renly care feel and confident and Stannis intense and on the edge.  I didn't really get it from HBO......
Plus I kind of like the Renly on HBO ...too bad this guy is going to die .
296	A<U+0089>tA©	2012-04-23	Yes, a lot of the delicious subtext falls by the wayside, but I think the compressions and simplifications (especially for Arya, Stannis and Robb) have been done very efficiently. Props from this one.The LF/Cat interaction gives viewers a chance to suss out who's behind the Dontos escape plan. That quick cut to the Hound during Sansa's beating makes me think they'll play up that subplot in the next few episodes, which will be interesting; Tyrion/Meryn was golden.Arya's scenes were fantastic. Tywin Lannister, y u so charismatic?? The BWB namedrop as nice; no doubt Arya will overhear a lot more about them at Tywin's elbow.Loved the Baratheon parley in the books, enjoyed it here. "Is he a ham?" makes me think certain ADWD theories are right on the money. And Stannis my one true king just for the "fewer" comment. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />ETA: Roose Bolton and the Tickler this week; the banality of evil indeed /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA©, 23 April 2012 - 03:35 AM.
297	Davos55	2012-04-23	I wasn't a fan of the Jeyne Westerling replacement. Was anyone else unimpressed by the Robb-Talisa conversation? I dunno, I just didn't buy it and it felt out of place...she trots out some eye-roll worthy anti-war arguments, and he bothers justifying his actions to a village healer? /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Just seemed to jar with the overall tone of the series.I was also definitely unimpressed by that scene. It just seemed very random, and Robb being so impressed by this girl was really unrealistic and didn't make much sense. As pleonasm said, it reminds me of Shae also, making female love interests  "foreigners" having an attitude, and thinking that for some reason that makes them better characters.Plus, she talked back to Roose Bolton..she should get killed anyways!
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 23 April 2012 - 03:43 AM.
298	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-23	Many people have said this, and others have nicely refuted it, but I think it bears repeating:The Tickler is not supposed to look creepy. He's supposed to look plain and ordinary. For fuck's sake, people, villains are not always ugly and evil-looking, twiurling their mustaches, that's the whole point of the Tickler.Ahem, rant over.Well your rant wasn't needed.  I know The Tickler wasn't supposed to look creepy but he's supposed to be creepy and questions someone.  Arya gets the chills in ASOS when he asks a question at the Inn.  That's what makes The Tickler so creepy, he looks ordinary but he's far from it.I don't think most people are complaining because The Tickler doesn't look creepy but rather how he goes about questioning just wasn't what most interpreted him to be like.
					
					
							Edited by Jack's Smirking Revenge, 23 April 2012 - 03:58 AM.
299	teemo	2012-04-23	I don't recall Ned's bones ever being returned.I thought Bolton was the one that chose Arya for a cupbearer not Tywin.They were returned.  Tyrion sent them to Cat at Riverrun and she sent them to Winterfell with Hallis.  Whether they actually got there remains a mystery. And Arya was Bolton's cupbearer.  They're just switching it around a bit.
300	Roose Seal	2012-04-23	Unnecessary Joffrey scenes aside, it was an okay episode.People like watching women getting abused ,raped and tortured, preferably while naked, we get it.
301	salt	2012-04-23	Xaro: I invoke sumai!Merchant: The fuck you talking aboutXaro:  No clue. But I'm going to cut my hand now and we'll let Dany in so she can start doing something this seasonMerchant: K
302	sennahoj	2012-04-23	Arya as Tywin's cupbearer works IMO. It seems more convincing to me that a nobleman like Tywin would protect a girl from all the terrible men around her, rather than someone as creepy as Bolton or Weeze offering that protection. Will be interesting to see who Arya has Jaqen kill instead of Weeze though.
303	teemo	2012-04-23	Xaro: I invoke sumai!Merchant: The fuck you talking aboutXaro:  No clue. But I'm going to cut my hand now and we'll let Dany in so she can start doing something this seasonMerchant: K /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> hah.
304	Davos55	2012-04-23	Tywin does show up at Harrenhal in the books as well. At that point, Arya is helping out that crazy Weese character, who is probably cut from the show. Having her be the cupbearer for Tywin makes sense, and I am definitely pumped to see more Arya and Tywin!
Roose shows up to Harrenhal and takes it over after Tywin leaves to fight in Riverrun and eventually the Blackwater. So Roose will probably still show there, have Lorch killed, and Arya will become his cupbearer as well, like she was in the novel. Just my guess though.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 23 April 2012 - 04:00 AM.
305	Jack's Smirking Revenge	2012-04-23	I'm a little annoyed that some people think that people didn't like the Joffery scene because it was disturbing. I for one appreciate actors, shows, movies what have you that can make you feel uncomfortable.  It's just that it was so fricken long and redundant that it just felt like a massive waste of time.  Same with the Catelyn/LF scene.  It was just drawn out.  I've already made it clear that I'm not a complete stickler when it comes to how the show adapts the books but when it feels like something is a massive waste of precious time (only 50 minute episodes and there are only 10 of them) I think the show deserves the criticism for changing or adding things that weren't in the book. 
Also I'm excited to see Williams and Dance interact next week.  They'r both brilliant.
306	teemo	2012-04-23	I disliked the Joffrey scene not because it "went too far" (well, it can be awkward to watch if you're sitting with a bunch of people), but because it was stupid and too long.  JOFFREY IS EVUL.  We get it!
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 23 April 2012 - 04:11 AM.
307	Maroucia	2012-04-23	Yes, a lot of the delicious subtext falls by the wayside, but I think the compressions and simplifications (especially for Arya, Stannis and Robb) have been done very efficiently. Props from this one.The LF/Cat interaction gives viewers a chance to suss out who's behind the Dontos escape plan. That quick cut to the Hound during Sansa's beating makes me think they'll play up that subplot in the next few episodes, which will be interesting; Tyrion/Meryn was golden.Arya's scenes were fantastic. Tywin Lannister, y u so charismatic?? The BWB namedrop as nice; no doubt Arya will overhear a lot more about them at Tywin's elbow.Loved the Baratheon parley in the books, enjoyed it here. "Is he a ham?" makes me think certain ADWD theories are right on the money. And Stannis my one true king just for the "fewer" comment. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />ETA: Roose Bolton and the Tickler this week; the banality of evil indeed /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I hope youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re right on that, but what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m really starting to be afraid of, is that HBO is going to soften the Hound WAY too much. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not supposed to only be this tortured guard that pity Sansa and wants to help her, he should also have those harsh interactions with her where he questions ALL of her beliefs and actions, and yes, he should also scare her.Without this ambivalence and, I agree, totally weird dynamic between him and Sansa, their relation looses a lot of its interest.Some people really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like it as they see it as unhealthy and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ok since there are so many different stuffs going on in these books; we all have some things we like and some we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, but Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not that nice ways are a big part of his interest. Now, if heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just that rejected guy with a heart of gold that is truly one of the good guys in a too obvious way, I think that HBO is just not getting it.The reason why Sandor is so captivating is that he has those huge mood switches. At first, youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re never completely sure how to classify him. We didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get that psycho factor he is supposed to have yet, and that is disappointing to me since this is what makes him so appealing to me as a characterâ<U+0080>¦ you have to get that he is totally TORTURED!!! Where is his rage??
308	Orestes	2012-04-23	Xaro: I invoke sumai!Merchant: The fuck you talking aboutXaro:  No clue. But I'm going to cut my hand now and we'll let Dany in so she can start doing something this seasonMerchant: KLOL, awesome, thanks for clarification, I really didn't get that whole thing... /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Orestes, 23 April 2012 - 04:16 AM.
309	salt	2012-04-23	I did like how the episode started with two soldiers debating who was the better fighter...sounds like something from this forum /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
310	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	Tyrion/Bronn/Lancel scenes were on point. Just like i had imagined them.
The battle- i get that they cut it for budget reasons but i really hope we see a battle happening at some point
Jeyne- or just some random girl? I think the Frey's would be a little more infuriated if he left the alter for a commoner and a foreigner.
Grey wind was awesome for that second we saw him
Arya and co. are in an exciting place now, hope to see more.
I liked the LF scene with Cat. I think he became stupid for a  moment because he had hoped there was a flicker of a chance for them to be together now that Brandon and Eddard were both gone.
Stannis/Mellisandre/Davos- great
Joff and the whores- i get that he did it for Tyrion interfering in the throne room.
Roose was great, the mountain, i cannot judge since i have barely seen him
311	Ghost714	2012-04-23	I'm a little annoyed that some people think that people didn't like the Joffery scene because it was disturbing. I for one appreciate actors, shows, movies what have you that can make you feel uncomfortable.  It's just that it was so fricken long and redundant that it just felt like a massive waste of time.  Same with the Catelyn/LF scene.  It was just drawn out.  I've already made it clear that I'm not a complete stickler when it comes to how the show adapts the books but when it feels like something is a massive waste of precious time (only 50 minute episodes and there are only 10 of them) I think the show deserves the criticism for changing or adding things that weren't in the book. Also I'm excited to see Williams and Dance interact next week.  They'r both brilliant.That's also why I did not like it. They keep skipping important things in the books, only to add pointless made up scenes, that were never in the books. Side note to everybody.Are we ever going to actually get to see a fighting scene with Robb and the Northern army? I mean I understand the bugetory and time reasons, I just think we should have gotten to see Robb's initial charge, and then go to a black out, and pick up after the battle. At the very least they could have given us a little more of a taste with Grey Wind. I mean it would have only taken like 10 seconds to show Grey Wind tearing those guys up. It just seemed a little cheep to me, to spend all this time with these two guards, hearing their conversation and all, building up the suspense, when we all know Grey Wind is about to tear these guys up, only to show him snarling, and then they switch to Robb and we hear the carnage. Would it really be to much more to show Grey Wind ripping off the farting guys arm? Or like I said before, it would have been so cool to see Robb charging down in the front line, and letting us see him crash through Stafford's army, and then blackout to the end of the battle.
312	salt	2012-04-23	Harrenhall in the opening credits looked amazing.  The castle itself...I envisioned something with more of a Soviet, Eastern Bloc feel to it- big, gray, big, empty, and big.  It looked decent but I couldn't help but get a spooky Halloween graveyard vibe.  I was half expecting jack-o-lanterns and boiling cauldrons.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 23 April 2012 - 04:28 AM.
313	Currawong	2012-04-23	Are we ever going to actually get to see a fighting scene with Robb and the Northern army? I mean I understand the bugetory and time reasons, I just think we should have gotten to see Robb's initial charge, and then go to a black out, and pick up after the battle.On the one hand you say you understand time and budget reasons, then you immediately suggest something that would have taken time and a lot of budget for CGI (Grey Wind)!   Frankly, one battle is very much like another on land, and you don't need to show them all - it can be much more effective to just know they occurred and hear / see the aftermath.  Even in the books we hear about Robb's battles rather than see them.  I would much rather have one big critical battle sequence done really well (Blackwater) than see a few ordinary fights just because people like Robb action scenes.
314	Arkash	2012-04-23	Dont have much time, so a really quick review:
Loved the Joffrey scene with the prostitutes: so visceral, amazingly directed and written, so creepy... waw, I seldom feel ill at ease in front of images, but there... wow...
Harrenhal: Loved it too. Really clever modifications... well, hope we'll have more of the Mountain later, couldnt judge him by what we had.
I also hope the Tickler had mentionned Beric Dondarrion but well... glad the torture isnt about Gendry and we heard the line "Is there gold ?". The actor for the Tickler is well chosen.
The entry to Qarth: really funny, I enjoyed it a lot.
Well, all in all, there is still a problem of rythm in this episode, a problem that there wasnt last week, the rythm is bad in this episode, the main problem of it for me.
315	LuisDantas	2012-04-23	204 had by far the most deviation from the books up to this point.  I expect that in the future we will look back to it as the moment where the two narratives let go of each other, albeit following generally similar paths later.
For the most part it worked, making the plot that much simpler, easier to follow and less ambiguous.
Tywin subbing for Roose at Harrenhal was a good idea.  It makes good use of the actors and serves much the same purpose.
They seem to be going out of their way to avoid giving the appearance that Joffrey, or even Stannis, have any redeeming qualities whatsoever.  As the emphatic disliker of Stannis that I am, I appreciate the effort.  The TV show is leaving no margin for appeals that he did not know what would happen to Renly.  On the down side, it is leaving no room for Edric Storm either /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
Tyrion keeps having the best lines.  Clarifying the meaning of a threat and turning Lancel to his service were marvelous scenes, very well handled.
I'm uncertain about the plot role of the Volantese girl.  She is apparently Jeyne Westerling plus something else.  Why Volantis?  Is she being merged with Maggie from Cersei's POV chapters, perhaps?  That will have some plot impact later on, albeit nothing major.
316	salt	2012-04-23	And LuisDantas since you're happy with the Stannis portrayal, you can imagine how I feel about it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.
I'm also nervous about the "Jeyne" storyline.  It looks like she won't be a noblewoman, and while that might help to explain the eventual Frey outrage, if they do indeed go with a "Prince and the peasant girl" type storyline its going to feel too Disney to me.
317	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	And LuisDantas since you're happy with the Stannis portrayal, you can imagine how I feel about it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.I'm also nervous about the "Jeyne" storyline.  It looks like she won't be a noblewoman, and while that might help to explain the eventual Frey outrage, if they do indeed go with a "Prince and the peasant girl" type storyline its going to feel too Disney to me.Except for the part with the villains winning of course.
318	Roose Seal	2012-04-23	And LuisDantas since you're happy with the Stannis portrayal, you can imagine how I feel about it /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />.I'm also nervous about the "Jeyne" storyline.  It looks like she won't be a noblewoman, and while that might help to explain the eventual Frey outrage, if they do indeed go with a "Prince and the peasant girl" type storyline its going to feel too Disney to me.I don't remember any Disney movie ending with 
	Spoiler the Prince being beheaded in front of his mother and having the head of his pet sewn on his shoulders
 /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
319	salt	2012-04-23	Well, there was that deleted scene from Aladdin where the Genie stabs him in the heart, saying "Hey ho, Jafarr send his regards!".  Robin Williams really sold it.
But seriously, no way in hell would Robb have married someone who wasn't nobility.
320	Balefont	2012-04-23	Howdy, FTR, I don't mind the changes and I think many characters and story lines have been deftly merged and pruned to retain essential story lines and characterization.
That said, the Ros scenes do not provide backdrop for anything important.  The scenes are redundant if their purpose is to show us more about the character with whom she is 'interacting'.  
And she is no Natalie Dormer.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
321	boojam	2012-04-23	* Peaches hard to come by in Northern Ireland?
*Dany's comet only makes it into episode 1?
*Oona Chaplin was better than I thought she would be, I had a mistaken pre-assessment.
*Wow, wonder how long Michael McElhatton has been under contract? That's what I call a 'flash' appearance.
* Thought Tom Wlaschiha might get more screen time than he has, guess we see him next week.
*Not a heck of a lot happened in CoK but Dany does have five chapters there...
322	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-23	Was the girl from Volantis supposed to be Jeyne Westerling? She did say her name was something else. Joffery is a piece of garbage and i felt sick watching that scene. I wish they would have just had him crossbowing some cats. I have a hard time watching women being abused. It did make me hate him even more which I didnt think was possible.hmmm you have a hard time watching women being abused... Dirty Steve!?Soz, couldn't resist it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
323	smidget25	2012-04-23	I'm still not sure what to think of this episode. A lot of the scenes were just uncomfortable to watch (aka anything with Joffrey in it).
I absolutely loved the non-peach scene. I was afraid they were going to make Renly very humourless, but he was quite entertaining without being over the top. The line 'Is he a ham?' with Loras laughing in the background killed me. I was disappointed there were no peaches, but enjoyed the scene overall. 
As for the rest of the episode, well it really met its quota for the shocking and disgusting. Despite knowing the shadow scene was coming my face at the end was still /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
The Joffrey and Roz scene was completely unnecessary and I found it really difficult to watch. I don't mind blood, guts and nudity if it serves a purpose, but the whole scene was just pointless. We already know Joffrey is a c*nt, there was absolutely no need to go there. Really disappointed with the writers on that tbh.
324	Ser Tom	2012-04-23	Overall I'm enjoying the season so far. The fade to black at the start instead of showing the battle was shit. I already felt a bit robbed last year when they cut the battle at the trident and this continuing trend doesn't inspire me for the Blackwater. Right now I'm expecting that to consist of three rowing boats, about five extras and no wildfire.
Loved the shadow baby but the episode should have ended with renly bleeding out. Seem's like the added scenes are slowing down the pace of the series.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Tom, 23 April 2012 - 06:32 AM.
325	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-23	I don't think the Joffrey whore scene was meant to solidify his sadistic nature (which it obviously did) but to seek revenge on Tyrion, send the whores back all bloody to sort of tell Tyrion "I don't want gifts from you, Imp."I think it served both purposes and it did it well. On the one hand, Joffrey does come out as a really sick fuck who just acquired a taste for torture porn; on the other, there's an obvious political message he sends to Tyrion: 'You didn't let me have my way with the other one; well, here's what I say to that. I'm the fucking King and I do as I please'
326	Roose Seal	2012-04-23	Overall I'm enjoying the season so far. The fade to black at the start instead of showing the battle was shit. I already felt a bit robbed last year when they cut the battle at the trident and this continuing trend doesn't inspire me for the Blackwater. Right now I'm expecting that to consist of three rowing boats, about five extras and no wildfire.Actually the lack of dragons/direwolves/battles so far makes me optimistic for Blackwater. I really don't mind if they keep all the budget for that one episode.
327	Queen of Winter	2012-04-23	I hope youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re right on that, but what Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m really starting to be afraid of, is that HBO is going to soften the Hound WAY too much. Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not supposed to only be this tortured guard that pity Sansa and wants to help her, he should also have those harsh interactions with her where he questions ALL of her beliefs and actions, and yes, he should also scare her.Without this ambivalence and, I agree, totally weird dynamic between him and Sansa, their relation looses a lot of its interest.Some people really donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like it as they see it as unhealthy and itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ok since there are so many different stuffs going on in these books; we all have some things we like and some we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t, but Sandorâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not that nice ways are a big part of his interest. Now, if heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just that rejected guy with a heart of gold that is truly one of the good guys in a too obvious way, I think that HBO is just not getting it.The reason why Sandor is so captivating is that he has those huge mood switches. At first, youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re never completely sure how to classify him. We didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t get that psycho factor he is supposed to have yet, and that is disappointing to me since this is what makes him so appealing to me as a characterâ<U+0080>¦ you have to get that he is totally TORTURED!!! Where is his rage??You said it Maroucia! I totally get that they need to change things for the show, but their translation is losing something. They also axed the part in the beating scene when Joff tells Sandor to hit Sansa, then Ser Dontos intervenes. After Boros starts doing the job, Sandor tells them "Enough". They left all that out and only had Tyrion intervene. Come on! /mad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry:' />I guess we should be happy they didn't cut out the cloak part as well.... /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' />
328	Ser Tom	2012-04-23	I hope your right Lost Direwolf maybe I'm just being a pessimist.
329	legba11	2012-04-23	First Impressions:  Fine episode, a couple of issues and moved too fast are my issues with it.
The opening KL scene was great.  However, the other two scenes there (Jofferey and whores and Tyrion/Lancel) were a mess.  Joffery's scene was a complete waste of time just sex and mustache-twirling.  Considering how rushed the rest of this episode felt, I have no idea why they gave this scene so long.  Tyrion going over Lancel is fairly significant and just simply didn't work.  I was watched a scripted scene, where I could (not literally) hear the director moving them along and watch them (again not literally) reading the script.  Might be the poorest put together scene I've ever scene on the show.
The Stannis/Renly summit was great, almost perfect, though I think Catelyn should have positioned herself more in the middle.  She was clearly on Renly's scene (physically), and she should have understood better how her positioning would have affected Stannis.  The shdowbaby scene didn't work for me.  The lead up was excellent.  Both great actors and they really sold it.  The birth itself looked like a cheap Syfy scene.  if you can't do it right, don't do it on camera.
Harrenhal looked great and those scenes worked.  I realize more purist heads exploded there, you guys must be an endangered species by now.  You were warned this would happen as Charles Dance talked about many scenes with Maise Wiliams, and this is the only way that makes sense. Best parts of this episode, and still weaker than the previous two sets of Arya scenes.
Quarth scene was excellent.  Exactly what it had to be.
I enjoyed Robb's warging scene. However, are we going to believe that he uses Grey Wind to take on sentries (clever), but the noise of that attack (followed by the war horns and battle cries) does not eliminate any advantage this warging gave them?  Florence Nightingale was meh.  I don't really care who he is going to burn the Frey alliance with, as she will never matter in show beyond that.
330	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	What they do well, they do well, but when they strike, it's bad.Harrenhall - really liked everything about it, condensed, to the point - brough story lines together.Robb/battle - aside from Tywins forces maybe needing to eat fewer beans, liked how they did this.  interesting change to have Robb and Jeyne meet before he gets injured.  I think the only downside to that is that now they have have even a small amount of history it makes his decision later on more understandable whereas the book it really does come as a full surprise.Qarth - thought the speaker for the 13 was great... "we have received you."  Was a little clunky in some ways but gets the relationship with Xaro and Dany started.Joffrey - Court room scene: well done.  liked the background display of Sansa getting the white cloak and then Tyrion taking her out.Joffrey - bed room: oh crap, we forgot we don't have any nudity!  we know Joffrey is a sick bastard - he just had a crossbow pointed at his betrothed in front of the court, he just had a Kingsguard start to beat his betrothed in front of the court.   He got pleasure from showing his betrothed her fathers head on a spike.Tyrion - Lancel:  Lancels new arrogance, Tyrions C game besting Lancel...well done.LF - anyone:  "TV Petyr Baelish, I read Littlefinger, I know Littlefinger, Littlefinger was a favorite character of mine. TV Petyr Baelish,  you're no Littlefinger".Not having Renly with the peach was a disappointment - just loved how that played out in the reading of it.  Might be misremembering, but there were no gates where the Shadowbaby got Renly - is this one depicting Storms End?  Since Renly is staying in a tent himself, the gates didn't seem to fit.
331	Morrigan	2012-04-23	I liked the episode, but man--I really, really, really hated the Joffrey and Ros scene. And it's not because I hate Ros (I do) and it's not because I think the show should slavishly adhere to the books (I don't), it's because it *completely* knocks the wind out of Sansa's sails. [...]And then we get the prostitutes scene to follow up, which is going to be all anybody talks about.Very good point. I hadn't thought of that, but it's very true.Hell, poor Sophie Turner, she gets less screen time than EsmA© Bianco... /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />Well your rant wasn't needed.  I know The Tickler wasn't supposed to look creepy but he's supposed to be creepy and questions someone.  Arya gets the chills in ASOS when he asks a question at the Inn.  That's what makes The Tickler so creepy, he looks ordinary but he's far from it.Yeah... she gets a chill because he's this ordinary, mild-mannered, matter-of-fact dude who proceeds to torture the fuck out of people without so much as frowning at what he's doing. Not because of his voice or looks or anything like that. The whole point of the Tickler is that people are not always what they seem. Another line that highlights this:The night she was caught, the Lannister men had been nameless strangers with faces as alike as their nasal helms, but sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>d come to know them all. You had to know who was lazy and who was cruel, who was smart and who was stupid. You had to learn that even though the one they called Shitmouth had the foulest tongue sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>d ever heard, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>d give you an extra piece of bread if you asked, while jolly old Chiswyck and soft-spoken Raff would just give you the back of their hand.
332	ace	2012-04-23	Still not sure what I think about the episode. Overall not as good as the last one though probably better than the first 2.
Good things first. Qarth looked cool, and so did the shadow assassin (though that's not how I pictured him). The Sansa scene was OK, though short. But then that's a complaint that could be made about a lot of scenes in the show. I liked the Robb scene (although from the conversation of the 2 guards it's clear that Renly+Loras is in fact common knowledge which is not only extremely unlike the book, it plainly doesn't make any sense).
Now to the not so good. I finally decided I'm not liking the show's depiction of Stannis and Melisandre. Stannis in particular is nothing like in the book. He's in fact dull, and the confrontation with Renly was very disappointing. And Mel is too plain looking, and the "night is full of terrors" line can only work so many times before becoming repetitive.
Though it was cool to see Harrenhal it's odd that they started asking "Is there gold in this village?" 2 weeks and 500 km after they left said village. The Mountain is tall but too thin. The Tickler wasn't what I pictured (more stand-up comedian than creepy torturer) but overall the torture scenes were nicely done.
The actor that plays Lancel... Was he auditioned at all? That entire scene was very badly done. The script was too short to properly convey the condescension->anger->shock->confusion->humiliation->begging and it wasn't helped at all by what I though was school play level acting.
Finally the ugly. That Joffrey sado-maso scene. WTF?! This show is literally turning into porn now. I'm not some saintly puritan but this wasn't just unnecessary and a waste of screen time, it was just cringe-worthy, disgusting and crappy. Seriously Mrs. D&D, real porn is easily available these days, stop messing up the show with your sick fantasies.
					
					
							Edited by ace, 23 April 2012 - 07:00 AM.
333	Myrddin	2012-04-23	I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />   /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />I'm glad I'm not the only one. So, I guess it's mission accomplished: I'll believe Joffery is capable of anything horrible and sadistic, to the point where my mind starts imagining worse than what's being shown.If they had pushed the scene that far, I'm certain my wife would be done with the show. And the books too. (No she hasn't read Dance yet.)
334	The GreatRon	2012-04-23	I really really wanted to see Renly taunt Stannis with the peach.  I really did.  Very disappointed that was left out.  Afterwards when Stannis says how hell be haunted forever by Renlys peach could have been a great scene too.
Liked the episode nonetheless
just wish they cut out the pointless stuff like Joffrey being a Snuff film director.  We already KNOW hes a Sadist, they hammered that home already for people who havnt read the books.
335	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	Well said. Agree 100%. Book readers should be happy that this story is being told on tv and on a channel that can truly do it justice. It's an adaptation, name me an adaptation that is 100% accurate to its source material and i will name you a liar.Not many books get portrayed with such great production quality, acting, budget, etc. Plus, the overall story that the books tell is being told, just in a more t.v./hbo friendly manner.Name me a person asking for it to be 100% verbatim.
336	Roose Seal	2012-04-23	Finally the ugly. That Joffrey sado-maso scene. WTF?! This show is literally turning into porn now. I'm not some saintly puritan but this wasn't just unnecessary and a waste of screen time, it was just cringe-worthy, disgusting and crappy. Seriously Mrs. D&D, real porn is easily available these days, stop messing up the show with your sick fantasies.This.Those scenes just annoy me so much. Joffrey is crazy: we get it. Whores aren't worth a damn: we get it. This is HBO: we get it.Stop wasting valuable screentime with thinly veiled snuff, it's going to end up alienating a lot of viewers, even amongst book readers.
337	lmanion	2012-04-23	The thing about the Tickler is not that he is a really creepy looking guy that tortures people, its that he is a plain guy who doesnt stand out and could be any other soldier who happens to torure people in some screwed up ways. His averageness is what makes him creepy, the fact that he is so plain that anyone could turn out to be like him is what makes him creepy. At least that is what I picked from the books, in that respect I think they cast the actor perfectly.
People really need to get over the fact that things arent 100% as they are in the books, the book does not = the TV show stop complaining about every little or big change, the show is close and faithful overall to the books just be pleased it is being made in the first place.
338	KnightsOfDany	2012-04-23	Loved the episode! not how i saw Harranhal in my head but it is a creepy as ever.
However i have to wonder why they did the shadow baby reveal to kill the protector of Storms End before the mesterious death of Renly. In the book it was Renly's death clouded in mystery then when Davos sees the shadowbaby its like ohhh so thats what killed Renly.
I could be remebering it wrong please correct me if i have. I still think it will all work out ok.
339	blasted_saber	2012-04-23	To everyone who commented about the rather long, spiky thing (was it a scepter, a weapon?) Joffrey handed Ros to use on the other girl, I so expected her to do something else with it too.  Rather shocked when this did not happen.  Also, Charles Dance is so wonderful as Tywin Lannister.  I'm happy whenever he is on the screen.Im starting to think they wanted us to think "that" was going to happen.After all the brutality and horror in that scene, "that" doesnt happen and were all like "oh thank the god(s)"
340	Chelly	2012-04-23	I did like how the episode started with two soldiers debating who was the better fighter...sounds like something from this forum /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Doesn't it? That part made me laugh, I felt like I had that conversation before... /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />Ok, refreshed now. Real quick before I get ready for work....Qarth, from the quick shot we got of it, looked stunning. Was that Pyat Pree in the far right end? He looked like the actor cast for him and he had the blue lips. Anyway, so far from what I've seen of Xaro, I think I Iike him better than the books. I need to see more, but the actor had me intrigued.Harrenhal was more gigantic than I pictured. It looked fucking incredible. It had this whole atmosphere of terror, grief, and ruin which is how I imagined it in the books, a real scary place. I did enjoy the Arya and Tywin interaction. "This one is a girl, you idiot!" Lol.Re: The Joff and 2 whores scene. Count me as one of those people who were expecting Joff to ask Ros to do something much more disgusting with that club. /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' /> For the first time watching this series, I was really prepared to turn away. I was all like, "Aw, Hell NO! This is some Ramsay shit!" But it didn't happen, but the scene was still horrible and disgusting to watch.Not sure how I feel about Not!Jeyne. Is she lying about her name to hide her nobility and status? Or did they really change her character? I honestly don't know. Anyway, I guess we will see soon enough.Carice Van Houton is doing a fine job, but I still don't like Mel. Not the actress' fault, I never got into the character. She's playing her perfectly, though. On the flip side, Natalie Dormer's Margaery is so cool, another character in the books I never cared much for, but on the show I'm totally digging her. I loved her giving it back to Littlefinger when he was asking questions that were clearly not his business.
341	rmholt	2012-04-23	LadyStormheart, amputation is not the same as decapitation, lol. Decapitation is what happened to Robb's daddy. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Reasonably put. I wouldn't disagree with any of that, especially "semi-romantic." I'd say it's not what we'd want in a romance, and I certainly wouldn't be cheering for it, but I mean--she did imagine a kiss, and there's a reason for that. I happen to think it's not healthy, but that's not the same as saying it doesn't exist. You're right on the money here.Sandor is the nearest thing to a "true knight" that Sansa has met.  They wont get together romantically but I could see them both serving the Seven.
342	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-23	(Honorable Mention: Oh, and how is she going to escape camp while carrying Nedâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bones?).Lol Very well spotted. I wonder if she's gonna ditch the casket and have Brienne carry his remains on a backpack /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Or She Could Just Show Them the Dragons:This may seem like itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a minor issue, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little bigger than many would think.  So, Dany goes to Qarth and is greeted by like 19 people- 13 of which run the city.  I would have thought that if 13 people run the city they could afford more than 1.5 guards each.  But whatever.  Okay, so they get there and this guy who is not Illyrio, but who seems like Illyrio, greats her and her starving troupe.  And she starts complaining.Or she could just show them the dragons. The 13 then ask- openly â<U+0080><U+0093>to see the dragons.  And Dany makes this ham-handed attempt to bypass this.Or she could just show them the dragons. They ask again, this time pretty forcefully.  Dany begins complaining- nay threatening Qarth â<U+0080>¦ in what sound slike dialog that we will hear again soon with Cersei.  Burn, cow, bow, kneel; cinders blah blah blah.Or she could just show them the dragons.There is more talking; the fat guy who is not Illyrio waddles back and forth and says how she cannot come in.  Jorah warns Dany about how she shall handle this.  Things grow quiet.  She is desperate now.  They may not get into the city after all.  Will they be forced to starve out here?Or she could just show them the dragons.The Summer Idles guy comes out and he starts talking about stuff WE DONâ<U+0080><U+0099>T CARE ABOUT AT ALL!  And he pulls out a knife and slashes his hand and makes this bold decoration.  Yes, he will let them in, but it could cost him his own head!Or she could just show them the dragons.Seriously, what was that?  18 minutes?  Okay, it wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t but it sure as hell felt like it.  What did we accomplish?  We got to see CGIs of a city.  It may have been better to have seen CGIâ<U+0080><U+0099>d dragons, but whatever.   All that time standing there and watching that pointless discussion, all I could think of was:Or they could have just taken the fucking dragons by force /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
343	Katydid	2012-04-23	I understand it is very hard to adapt this season (more so than the first season) because of all the different story lines, but I'm just not getting the same feeling from this season so far. I think once Renly dies next episode it will streamline some story telling, but the last 6 eps better really ramp things up. I'm getting a 'slow meandering plot line' feeling from it right now. Unfortunately, ACOK was he same way until about half way through IIRC.I really hope HBO cuts down on these extra pointless scenes that are IMO dragging down the eps that weren't in the book. This is concerning to me.  Elsewhere, I'm starting to see the same complaint over and over from non-book readers, all too often - "this is getting too hard to follow." Adding ridiculous scenes such as Ros beating another whore because "we really need to hammer home that Joffrey is a sadistic little shit!!" are not doing GoT any favors.  WE KNOW Joffrey is a sadistic little shit.  The canon scene of him having Sansa publically stripped and humiliated was all we needed.  (And that scene was awesome.  Peter Dinklage stepped right out of the pages of the book.)If Dany's CG!dragons are too expensive to create, then how difficult would it have been to have Nameless Member Of the 13 invited to walk up to a cage and peek in, then turning around with a wondrous look on his face and telling Dany "welcome to Qarth, Mother Of Dragons!"?  Why was that scene with such stupid dialogue necessary?  (At least they managed to introduce Xaro there.  Another character that was whizzed on by and is leaving viewers more confuzzled.)And the pacing could have been improved upon in this episode.  Cut out Joffrey's dumbass whore-beating scene, and there'd have been plenty of time for Mel's shadow-baby to drift into Renly's tent and gut him, cliffhanging on Brienne & Catelyn's shocked, horrified faces.  Next episode opens with all hell breaking loose, Brienne fighting her way out of the tent/camp, and she & Cat gone within the first 3 minutes.IMO, there are simply too many characters that need to be more carefully introduced, there are too many intricate plots and threads that need to be more carefully explained, and they have precious little time as it is.  Please, producers, think it through before S3 begins filming.  I'll be heartbroken if this show gets canceled because people simply can't follow anymore, and don't want to bother trying.
344	David Selig	2012-04-23	Good episode overall. I loved the shadowbaby and the Harrenhall scenes, Michelle Fairlay was amazing as always, and the Sansa scene was well done.
I don't like what the writers are doing to LF. He is so clumsy and obvious in his dealings. Why was he so cocky and provocative with Margaery with all those unsubtle hints about Rrenly and Loras, instead of trying to make her like him? Apparently Renly doesn't like him too, which is no surprise after the first season, of course, but you got to wonder how did LF succeeded for many years in the court being a very minor noble with no retainers or lands to speak of, when he's so good at making people dislike him. And his scene with Cat..I know he's obsessed about her, but come on, he's smart enough to know how stupid would be to hit on her at this moment, especially given how much was at stake for him politically.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 23 April 2012 - 08:02 AM.
345	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-23	I have a qn regarding our man Stannis and Mel's offer to give Stannis a son.
Is Mel tricking Stannis into sex by offering Stannis a son (normal son, blood of his blood and all that) while Mel was planning on shadow babies all along?
Mel seriously isnt gonna give Stannis a proper son right?
But Stannis seems to know that Mel is going to do some magic that night... but does he know its a shadow baby? produced by his life force and probably what Mel meant by 'son'.
Im confused....
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Cheese, 23 April 2012 - 08:09 AM.
346	Gloria	2012-04-23	Anybody else notice that Tyrion never calls Lancel by name?  Just "cousin".  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  Also, I thought Lancel looked *perfect*.  Pretty much exactly like I imagined him.  Sadly, he looks much like Loras, who is nothing like I imagined him.  A bit too effete for me.
347	Sebly	2012-04-23	No one else think it's weird that Renly and Stannis were just suddenly having a parley? I mean I know how it got to that point from reading the books but the show never gave any indication that Stannis was taking his fleet to Storms End, did it?
Also, are they even at Storm's End? We haven't even seen a glimpse of it yet Davos has taken Mellisandre through his smuggler's route. It doesn't seem to me like they're explaining anything to TV viewers. 
Why are they even underneath Storms End? The first shadowbaby was born out in the camps wasn't it? It also was to kill Renly not the custodian of Storms End...so I'm a bit confused as to what is going on in the show at the moment.
348	LuisDantas	2012-04-23	I have a qn regarding our man Stannis and Mel's offer to give Stannis a son.Is Mel tricking Stannis into sex by offering Stannis a son (normal son, blood of his blood and all that) while Mel was planning on shadow babies all along?I doubt we are meant to know for sure one way or the other, but I would say that this is the most likely interpretation, yes.Mel seriously isnt gonna give Stannis a proper son right?A human son?  Not without seriously derailing the plot from what the books have, for certain.  Even allowing for some plot deviation, even I don't quite picture Stannis as favoring a bastard son over Shireen.  Then again, it seems that Shireen does not exist in the TV show.My best bet is that in the TV show (as arguably in the books as well) Melisandre is simply using Stannis and playing with him.  By the time he fully realizes that he will be too knee deep to turn back, assuming he even cares and survives that long.Personally, I think that makes Stannis too much of a sympathetic victim for my liking.  I picture Stannis as more of a self-serving hypocrite in denial. Still (so far) there is nothing to disprove that Melisandre is misleading Stannis, either.But Stannis seems to know that Mel is going to do some magic that night... but does he know its a shadow baby? produced by his life force and probably what Mel meant by 'son'.Im confused....We must assume that Stannis has at least a vague notion that Melisandre is indeed working at some kind of magical effect at that point.  He is certainly not demanding Davos' help just so that Melisandre can get a good view of the region for inspirational purposes.Just how much a grasp of the situation he has is unclear, however. My personal stance is that Stannis himself could hardly fail to notice the toll the magic causes on his physical health, since Melisandre is actually fearing for his survival if it happens a third time.  So I would assume that he is in denial yet fully aware of what is happening.There are other, intriguing possibilities.  For one, maybe Melisandre is lying to Davos about the toll of the shadow conceptions; maybe Stannis is in fact dying of some sort of disease (which may or may not have been created or transmitted by Melisandre herself, purposefully or otherwise).  That would go a long way towards explaining their hurry and recklessness in the books, as well as the strength of the appeal of a son in the TV series.  I hadn't considered that until now, but I like this crackpot speculation.  I don't see how it would have trouble fitting with the text of the books, either.
349	mcbigski	2012-04-23	Pretty sure he is referring to the fact that even if the two actors cast as the Mountain are of the same height, the former Ser Gregor must have weighed twice as much. He was HUGE compared to this new extra lengthy toothpick.Conan didn't come back because he got too if for his britches with other projects, even though he said himself that he was made to play the Mountain. Not the producers choice at all. So they hired a guy who played the White Walker in season one. He is talented with a sword and 7+ feet tall. Not the easiest person in the world to find.The new Gregor was just too disproportionate.  Each time I saw him it made me think of the knights who say 'Ni'.  Definitely immersion breaking.
350	Morrigan	2012-04-23	The thing about the Tickler is not that he is a really creepy looking guy that tortures people, its that he is a plain guy who doesnt stand out and could be any other soldier who happens to torure people in some screwed up ways. His averageness is what makes him creepy, the fact that he is so plain that anyone could turn out to be like him is what makes him creepy. At least that is what I picked from the books, in that respect I think they cast the actor perfectly.Agreed.the book does not = the TV showWe know.stop complaining about every little or big change,No.
351	gedo	2012-04-23	How could Tyrion know about Cat being in Renly's camp (thus gave LF Ned's bone)???
352	Elimeny	2012-04-23	Honestly, the strongest "vitriol" I've seen in this thread has been towards people expressing disappointment over some of the changes - not from the people expressing disappointment themselves. I'm actually pleasantly surprised by how understanding most people are being about the necessary deviations. My TV does have an "off" button, this is true - but your browser also has a close button.
Let's be honest - one of the best parts about watching the shows after reading the books is pointing out the deviations. It's a lot of fun. It's like we get to enjoy the story the show presents us, as well as relive and remember the book version as well. It does help to think of them as two separate but similar story lines, yet at the same time, the major plot points should at least try and stay the same. Every time they make a change that could have serious butterfly effects, I raise an eyebrow and think "Oh, it will sure be fun to see how they fix THAT."
Thanks to all the folks who mentioned that Jaken states that "the red god must have his due" in the books, because I had forgotten that. I suppose next week we will see more clearly what they are doing and it can be discussed more then.
What I found interesting about the non-peach Renley/Stannis scene, is that I actually felt Renley seemed more stressed than Stannis. Perhaps when I read the books, I perceived Stannis as an even harder man. This really bothered me at first, and then I shrugged and decided it was just a different take, and that's okay too.
353	Ser_Niall	2012-04-23	I have mixed feelings about this episode.  On the positive, I loved the shadowbaby scene.  I think it came out perfectly.  I believe from the book, the shadow is supposed to look like Stannis, but there is still time in the next episode for it to "take form" so to speak.  I really liked the KL scenes.  I know a lot of people were complaining about Joff's whore scene being unnecessary, but I think it was there more to show he was willing to take on Tyrion man-to-man, since he was sending the beaten girl up to him afterward.  Joff's had enough of his uncle's scolding, he's a king now and can do as he pleases.  Harrenhal was perfect, exactly how I imagined it would be.  Dark, gloomy, depressing.
I really didn't like the major departures from the book, and thought they weren't needed.  Seeing Renly grab that apple while talking to Littlefinger felt like a smack in the face to the readership "haha we're giving him an apple, no peach scene for you."  The whole scene felt off.
Littlefinger gave Cat Ned's bones, that was the biggest WTF moment in this series so far.  The state of Ned's bones is still in question in the books.  I know it's not a major plot point, but didn't know why the needed to spend time on it this episode.
The Dany scenes were better than usual, but I'm not a huge fan of the Dany storyline to begin with, both in the books and the show, so I'm a little biased here.
354	David Selig	2012-04-23	How could Tyrion know about Cat being in Renly's camp (thus gave LF Ned's bone)??? Varys's little birds. In the books he had spies in Renly's camp there who informed him pretty quickly what was going (Renly going to Storm's end, Renly dying, etc).
355	The_Gallows_Knight	2012-04-23	I liked that fact that the Lannister soldiers at the beginning was arguing over the same things as we do on the forum, "who is the best swordsman, warrior, etc."
Otherwise I thought that newGregor was a bit of a disappointment, the guy didn't have the imposing build that Conan Stevens had. The Tickler on the other hand was pretty much perfect, an unremarkable guy doing terrible things and being absolutely unaffected by it. Overall the Harrenhall scenes were the best of the episode, seeing Tywin again was great and Aryas expending prayer too.
And lastly, the shadowbaby-scene was kind of weird.
356	wolverine	2012-04-23	Littlefinger gave Cat Ned's bones, that was the biggest WTF moment in this series so far.  The state of Ned's bones is still in question in the books.  I know it's not a major plot point, but didn't know why the needed to spend time on it this episode.Your that worried about Ned's bones?  I am pretty sure they can still get lost when Catelyn gets killed and unkilled or whatever.I think they spent time because, as LF said it was Tyrion's way of showing good faith.  He gave her this without anything from her.  She can still decide to do something or do nothing.  It was another way to show how vastly superior Tyrion is at working with, understanding, and manipulating people than his relatives in Kings Landing right now.
357	wolverine	2012-04-23	And lastly, the shadowbaby-scene was kind of weird.In what world is a woman birthing a magic shadow monster assassin not weird?
358	Mya Stone	2012-04-23	Oh my seven. GET THE HELL OVER THE NITPICKING. THE SHOW IS NOT THE BOOKS. CHANGES WILL BE MADE. 
Appreciate what we have. We could have had NO show, and then what would you be raging over? For fuck's sake.
359	soundsci	2012-04-23	Based on the ending, does anyone know how they will handle 
	Spoiler Renly's death? Will it just occur at the beginning of the next episode or will it happen off screen? Just wondering since the episode 5's description has to do with Catelyn fleeing.
360	pleonasm	2012-04-23	Honestly, the strongest "vitriol" I've seen in this thread has been towards people expressing disappointment over some of the changes - not from the people expressing disappointment themselves. I'm actually pleasantly surprised by how understanding most people are being about the necessary deviations. My TV does have an "off" button, this is true - but your browser also has a close button.Count me in the general disappointment camp. I'm not a literalist. I can live with them dropping characters, scenes, or sub plots in the service of a well told story. Some of the added scenes are often pretty strong (Robert and Cersei, Jamie and Robb, etc...). But this, for the most part, was a terribly written episode. Just compare it to last week's, which although there are plenty of deviations from the core text, but was for the most part smart and engaging. This was just a mess.Top 5 Things to Hate in This  Episode1. The Lannister guards gossiping about Loras/Renly - Really? At the west end of the continent, two low level sentries know about the King's Uncle and his 'secret' homosexual relationship with one of the sons of the Lord of High Garden. Is it a big deal that Renly needs to keep his homsexuality secret or not? Apparently not, given everybody knows.2. Shae 2.0 - Jeyne Westerling or whatever her name is. Another sassy girl from across the narrow sea who is willing to insult a Lord. Yes - Its lazy writing 101. Watch how Robb (or Tyrion) is impressed with her moxie and her independence. And then falls for this girl. Its like bad fan fiction. And they have already done this with Tyrion.3. Joffrey the Sadist. Unlike Cersei, who has become much more well rounded, than she is in the books, Joffrey has become more and more a caricature. Two scenes, back to back, of him humilating women. We get it already! There was so many other, more interesting places, they could have gone with an additional Joffrey scene. The ordering of sodomy is not one of them.4. Littlefinger the Inept. His scenes with Margaery and Catelyn are painful. That was best they could become with? As written, its amazing that this "Littlefinger" was ever brought to KingsLanding by Jon Arryn in the first place.5. Tyrion and Lancel. Watch last weeks master class in writing to see a well put together scene of Tyrion manipulating and playing members of the court. Watch this weeks scene to see what not to do.
361	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	People really need to get over the fact that things arent 100% as they are in the books, the book does not = the TV show stop complaining about every little or big change, the show is close and faithful overall to the booksI don't remember any ever saying that the TV show needs be word for word perfect.  What people have commented on is that many of the changes have taken away from something in the story.  There are a number of changes that have been great but just as many that do not work well.just be pleased it is being made in the first place.Whenever someone says something like this all I can think of are adaptions like the cartoon version of The Hobbit and more recently Starship Troopers - hey just be happy they used the name regardless of the quality.
362	boojam	2012-04-23	Or they could have just taken the fucking dragons by force /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />As I remember tho the Qarthians were decidedly interested in the dragons, but I think they knew who Danny was and were interested in her as well.It had to do with that House of the Undying hoopla which I never figured out, but they were not going to harm her until that was over... and they failed at that in the end.
363	Mya Stone	2012-04-23	I don't remember any ever saying that the TV show needs be word for word perfect.  What people have commented on is that many of the changes have taken away from something in the story.  There are a number of changes that have been great but just as many that do not work well.Whenever someone says something like this all I can think of are adaptions like the cartoon version of The Hobbit and more recently Starship Troopers - hey just be happy they used the name regardless of the quality.I'm driving to your house to smack you. Don't try to use the baby as a shield.
364	The Monkey	2012-04-23	Same, Dany's story has been weak this season.To be fair, it was weak in the novel too, so I can't blame the producers. The House of Undying was the only good Dany chapter in the whole book.
365	duncanthemedium	2012-04-23	Honestly, the strongest "vitriol" I've seen in this thread has been towards people expressing disappointment over some of the changes - not from the people expressing disappointment themselves. I'm actually pleasantly surprised by how understanding most people are being about the necessary deviations. My TV does have an "off" button, this is true - but your browser also has a close button.Let's be honest - one of the best parts about watching the shows after reading the books is pointing out the deviations. It's a lot of fun. It's like we get to enjoy the story the show presents us, as well as relive and remember the book version as well. It does help to think of them as two separate but similar story lines, yet at the same time, the major plot points should at least try and stay the same. Every time they make a change that could have serious butterfly effects, I raise an eyebrow and think "Oh, it will sure be fun to see how they fix THAT."Thanks to all the folks who mentioned that Jaken states that "the red god must have his due" in the books, because I had forgotten that. I suppose next week we will see more clearly what they are doing and it can be discussed more then.What I found interesting about the non-peach Renley/Stannis scene, is that I actually felt Renley seemed more stressed than Stannis. Perhaps when I read the books, I perceived Stannis as an even harder man. This really bothered me at first, and then I shrugged and decided it was just a different take, and that's okay too.Thank you my friend. Very well put!On the whole, I am kind of tired with people judging the series in comparison with the book. Especially with the case of Ros. I mean give it a break already. Imagine going up to GRRM and saying 'yeah well that whole scene with Theon and the captain's daughter on the way to Pyke...yeah, kinda pointless'.I mean come on! The screen play is a re-interpretation and GRRM is in on the changes. We all know that. Learn to live with it. And judge it as it is and for what it is - a TV show.My only, and rather shallow criticism, is with the make-up and stylist department. Melissandre is supposed to be mesmerisingly, enchantingly beautiful, van Houten is a veritable goddess in real life, but she looks like a horse in the series. (I am sorry...but that is what it is). Same with Margaery and what I think might be Jeyne (Talisa in this episode)... though i do  think that the robb-jeyne love story is more plausible if he sees her as a smart and daring ladyling rather than a 'oops I f**cked you so now I must marry you...oh wait I DO love you' kinda thing that was in the books.Kudos to Emilia Clarke for her acting, Peter Dinklage is a god as usual, and Maisie Williams' expressions were sublime. Liam Cunninham on the other hand wasn't as convincing in the shadow-baby scene as he could have been (kind made the scene look kinda fake, no terror on his face) and the new Mountain isn't as threatening as he was in the first season. Bring that actor back! His character on Spartacus was de-faced (literally), so he should be free now!
366	Nagisa Furukawa	2012-04-23	Oh my seven. GET THE HELL OVER THE NITPICKING. THE SHOW IS NOT THE BOOKS. CHANGES WILL BE MADE.Appreciate what we have. We could have had NO show, and then what would you be raging over? For fuck's sake.I'll never understanding this "All or nothing" mentality. It's like the whole "You're with us or you're with the enemy" thing. Yes, we're all grateful Dan and David have made such an accurate, loving adaptation that captures the book's spirit, etc. It doesn't mean, as both fans and just human beings with tastes and differences, we may not like everything or have minor complaints or are bothered by a change, not simply because it is a change at all, but because of what it specifically changing what from what. This is a forum for fans to express their opinions, in a discussion thread marked aside for the followers of the books. Minor complaints voiced here are not going to change what's already been done, nor will it make the showrunners do things differently in future seasons. I really don't see what's so bad about people using this specific avenue to voice their (sometimes) negative thoughts.
367	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	The Lannister guards gossiping about Loras/Renly - Really? At the west end of the continent, two low level sentries know about the King's Uncle and his 'secret' homosexual relationship with one of the sons of the Lord of High Garden. Is it a big deal that Renly needs to keep his homsexuality secret or not? Apparently not, given everybody knows.This was a loving nod from the producers of the show to fans of the books.Specifically fans who go to forums to discuss the books. This same discussion has been going on here for years and years. I fail to see how terrible this is.As for comments made about Renly's homosexuality, there is several clues all over the books spoken by people from all over the realm. It was obviously a known thing about him.
368	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	never mind
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 23 April 2012 - 10:48 AM.
369	duncanthemedium	2012-04-23	I don't remember any ever saying that the TV show needs be word for word perfect.  What people have commented on is that many of the changes have taken away from something in the story.  There are a number of changes that have been great but just as many that do not work well.Whenever someone says something like this all I can think of are adaptions like the cartoon version of The Hobbit and more recently Starship Troopers - hey just be happy they used the name regardless of the quality.No way are you comparing the sheer quality of writing, ACTING, sets, styling, directing etc. that appears on GoT with those sucky adaptations... cummon!!!
370	Rockroi	2012-04-23	We must assume that Stannis has at least a vague notion that Melisandre is indeed working at some kind of magical effect at that point. He is certainly not demanding Davos' help just so that Melisandre can get a good view of the region for inspirational purposes.Just how much a grasp of the situation he has is unclear, however.I think the boat scene with Davos makes clear that Stannis knows enough about what is going on to know that its not the way he would normally win a war.  Those avenues, he says, are closed to him.  Therefore, he is making his own way.  I think Stannis knows that Mel has powers and he respects those powers to secure the throne.Oh my seven. GET THE HELL OVER THE NITPICKING. THE SHOW IS NOT THE BOOKS. CHANGES WILL BE MADE.I can understand this.  But not every complaint is simply "The books were like X and now we are seeing Y and I don't like it."  Some people are detailing legitimate grievences insofar as what is being put on the screen is not as good as they would hope.  I agree with you: when people complain about Tommen's accent or that Roose Bolton wasn't at this battle etc, its nitpicking. I don't care about the actor who plays the Mountain and I don't care that Shea is Sansa's handmaiden (other than its a scene that has Shea in it).But by contrast look at that last scene- while visually stunning and impactful to the story- is actually untethered to the show.  We have no context of Davos and Mel or what is going on in that scene; we have absolutely no idea what Davos and Mel are doing.  Where are they?  What are their goals?  Who are they attacking?  Why are they where they are?  Where is Renly?  Is Renly in a city that would gate up a cave?  What's going on?  Its a sloppy stuck-on scene that begs the question: why couldn't they dedicate a few more minutes (or even seconds) to some dialog that would secure what is going on to the plot?Appreciate what we have. We could have had NO show, and then what would you be raging over? For fuck's sake.I cringe at this logic, but I do understand what you are saying.  On the one hand, had you told me 10 years ago that anyone could EVER make ASoIaF into a series I would have probably said something like "Never in a million years" or "Well, maybe they could concentrate on ONE story but they would have to cut like 85% of it."  And with that, I agree- I SHOULD be grateful that the books I enjhoy so much are now part of a series I enjoy so much.  And for that I am grateful.But not mutually exclusive from that thought is honest critisism: the idea that people of like minds and rational temperment can make observations about what they see and if they enjoy it or not; they are allowed- and encouraged by these very boards -to express their pleasure and displeasure (and as the DVDs illustrate, the producers DO read our comments) and to have discussions and debates with other people.  We are not forced- nor could we be -to all bow our heads in mutual submission and say to every Roz scene or every amputated plot twist "Thank you sir, may I have another."These boards would not exist if people - like you, Mya and me -did not come here armed with opinion and passion.If we didn't, fuck- might as well just watch True Blood.  And nobody wants to do that....
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 23 April 2012 - 09:43 AM.
371	Ser Hippie	2012-04-23	Littlefinger gave Cat Ned's bones, that was the biggest WTF moment in this series so far.  The state of Ned's bones is still in question in the books.  I know it's not a major plot point, but didn't know why the needed to spend time on it this episode.Ned's bones are MIA now, yes, but Catelyn still got them - just at Riverrun before sending them on with some Silent Sisters. The change in the show isn't really that big a deal and probably was also done to help fuel Catelyn's release of Jaime.
372	Mya Stone	2012-04-23	I'll never understanding this "All or nothing" mentality. It's like the whole "You're with us or you're with the enemy" thing. Yes, we're all grateful Dan and David have made such an accurate, loving adaptation that captures the book's spirit, etc. It doesn't mean, as both fans and just human beings with tastes and differences, we may not like everything or have minor complaints or are bothered by a change, not simply because it is a change at all, but because of what it specifically changing what from what. This is a forum for fans to express their opinions, in a discussion thread marked aside for the followers of the books. Minor complaints voiced here are not going to change what's already been done, nor will it make the showrunners do things differently in future seasons. I really don't see what's so bad about people using this specific avenue to voice their (sometimes) negative thoughts.I made it through 8 pages of people bitching about Gregor not being big enough and Joff's scene depicting just how sadistic he is as unnecessary before I posted that comment. There's some intelligent discourse in this thread, but that was mainly a post replying to the hoards of "THE MOUNTAIN IS NOT BIG ENOUGH ANYMORE OMG" nerd-raging that infuriates me.ETA: Well said, Rock.
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 23 April 2012 - 09:45 AM.
373	pleonasm	2012-04-23	This was a loving nod from the producers of the show to fans of the books.Specifically fans who go to forums to discuss the books. This same discussion has been going on here for years and years. I fail to see how terrible this is.As for comments made about Renly's homosexuality, there is several clues all over the books spoken by people from all over the realm. It was obviously a known thing about him.Terrible may be overstating... clunky and lazy writing. And if its a 'loving nod' to book fans, it feels more like a dismissive middle finger.Implicit within the book and tv series, is that Renly needs to keep his homesexuality on the down low to secure the Iron Throne. All those Houses aren't going to support someone who can't have a true heir (hence the political marriage to Margaery). Yes - There would be gossip, but it wouldn't be known at the other end of Westeros. Especially by two low born sentries. How would they even know who Loras is?Moreover, it just makes Westeros seem smaller and smaller. More Orange County with everyone knowing everyones business, and less of a medival continent in which information moves slowly and often incorrectly. This show, with its budgetary constraints, doesn't need another scene reinforcing how small everything is.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 23 April 2012 - 09:54 AM.
374	Lord Varys	2012-04-23	Well, I really laughed throughout the whole 'Jeyne-thing'. Can anybody imagine Robb Stark, the King in the North, would fall for a common camp follower nurse? Love does not overcome class distinctions in Westeros. How can they possibly integrate Davos and him being uncomfortable about being a noble of sorts, and intend to make this girl a queen?
It really is too ridiculous to rant about it...
I also missed Renly's peach, but Stannis, Davos, and especially Mel really were awesome this week. It's a change that Stannis is actually privy to the whole shadow thing, but I don't mind. Stannis did know later on when he charged Davos to help Mel to kill Ser Cortnay.
375	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-23	I can't believe I didn't even notice The Mountain 2.0. Will have to re-watch the episode tonight.Well, I really laughed throughout the whole 'Jeyne-thing'. Can anybody imagine Robb Stark, the King in the North, would fall for a common camp follower nurse? Love does not overcome class distinctions in Westeros. How can they possibly integrate Davos and him being uncomfortable about being a noble of sorts, and intend to make this girl a queen?It really is too ridiculous to rant about it...Fully agreed. This was one of the things that really rubbed me the wrong way.
					
					
							Edited by A Time for Wolves, 23 April 2012 - 10:02 AM.
376	Myrddin	2012-04-23	But by contrast look at that last scene- while visually stunning and impactful to the story- is actually untethered to the show.  We have no context of Davos and Mel or what is going on in that scene; we have absolutely no idea what Davos and Mel are doing.  Where are they?  What are their goals?  Who are they attacking?  Why are they where they are?  Where is Renly?  Is Renly in a city that would gate up a cave?  What's going on?  Its a sloppy stuck-on scene that begs the question: why couldn't they dedicate a few more minutes (or even seconds) to some dialog that would secure what is going on to the plot?This.It was like they wanted to combine the birthing "scenes" and so just crammed together the iconic one (beneath Storm's End) with the one that really matters with the story (killing Renly). This completely makes sense and I'm totally in support of this type of condensing of story to fit the visual format.But, they then totally forgot any kind of orientation around what's going on.For me this show is feeling very disjointed. I loved many of the individual scenes (everything with Tyrion X10) but as an over all story, it's floundering.Which I guess is how I felt about Clash too.
377	MarianneSnow	2012-04-23	Did anybody notice in the preview for next weeks episode, Jaqen H'ghar told Arya that "the red god" must have three lives? That may not be exactly what he said, but I know he said red god, in connection with the three deaths he owes Arya. I know that part was in the book, where Arya gets to have Jaqen kill three people, but in the books he never called it the red god. Red god to me means R'hllor, but the Faceless Men surve Him of many Faces.I think it has been talked about that he say this because they were supposed to die in the fire and since they didn't R'hllor needs three more deaths.  Red God is just one of HIm of many Faces.  There is a thread on here about that.
378	Isabella Stark	2012-04-23	i supposed it is necessary, but i didn't like the impression i got of tyrion admiring sansa as she leaves the room. she certainly looked as a queen as she tried to muster her dignity, but tyrion in the books never seems to admire her (sorry, not a tyrion/sansa shipper)I disagree.  In the books, particularly ASOS, Tyrion frequently recognizes Sansa's strengths.  It's subtle and easy to miss, but it's there.
379	boojam	2012-04-23	IMO, there are simply too many characters that need to be more carefully introduced, there are too many intricate plots and threads that need to be more carefully explained, and they have precious little time as it is.  Please, producers, think it through before S3 begins filming.  I'll be heartbroken if this show gets canceled because people simply can't follow anymore, and don't want to bother trying.What I see is that D&D , without doing jarring violence to the story, need to do better restructuring , I wish I could make suggestions, but I am not a screenwriter.One thing that would help , and right now it looks impossible for HBO , is to do 12 episode seasons, more time with cast and scenes so it does not feel like we are getting the 'bum's rush'... which, to me, has been happening a little more often this season than last.I too worry about non fan, non book readers getting frustrated.
380	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	No way are you comparing the sheer quality of writing, ACTING, sets, styling, directing etc. that appears on GoT with those sucky adaptations... cummon!!!You're right, I wasn't - i was commenting on the "just be happy there is an adaption."  We could have received something along the lines of those adaptions - would it still be said "just be happy?".I'm incredibly grateful to the time they put in to make the show.  It is the one TV show I make time to watch.  Doesn't mean though that I (or anyone else) has like or stay silent to things that don't make sense, don't flow, don't follow logic, etc.
381	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-23	I'm incredibly grateful to the time they put in to make the show.  It is the one TV show I make time to watch.  Doesn't mean though that I (or anyone else) has like or stay silent to things that don't make sense, don't flow, don't follow logic, etc.+1When we criticize, it's because we don't want to see this show tank because of the inconsistent, bad writing. I'd like to see GoT survive till the end of the series, which will be a decade away if we're lucky. If they're making it unwieldy, disjointed, and difficult to follow in the first half of season 2, what are non-readers going to do by the time Davos goes to Skagos and Tyrion is running around with The Golden Company?
382	David Selig	2012-04-23	Well, I really laughed throughout the whole 'Jeyne-thing'. Can anybody imagine Robb Stark, the King in the North, would fall for a common camp follower nurse? Love does not overcome class distinctions in Westeros. How can they possibly integrate Davos and him being uncomfortable about being a noble of sorts, and intend to make this girl a queen?It really is too ridiculous to rant about it... Just because there are sharp class distinctions, doesn't mean the higher born don't fall for the common. They just don't marry them except in really exceptional cases, but falling in love should be far more common. It happened a few times in the books for people of Robb's rank or close to it - Tyrion and Tytos Lannister for example, and at least a few of all those bastards in the books weren't born simply from lust.Plus for all we know, it may be revealed that the girl is a noble.
383	DirePenguin	2012-04-23	Tyrion said this after he rescued Sansa. What does it mean? He's talking about Catelyn?
"lady stark. you may survive us yet"
384	Evamitchelle	2012-04-23	Tyrion said this after he rescued Sansa. What does it mean? He's talking about Catelyn?"lady stark. you may survive us yet"No he's talking about Sansa. He's reflecting on the fact that her courtesies will save her life.
385	Apoapsis	2012-04-23	I was terrified for a moment that he was going to make her do something much, much worse with that mace or whatever it was.Â Â  /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />Â Â  /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />That's what I thought as well.By the way, it was a sceptre, wasn't it? At least that's what I thought - it made it even more symbolic in my head, using a symbol of royalty and power to beat up prostitutes.
386	Ran	2012-04-23	It was pretty clear that Melisandre was being taken to a place where she could use her sorcery to kill Renly -- Davos certainly understood that, and I think the audience should get it as well. Fair enough that we don't know "why" she has to be closer, or how that cavern relates to where Renly is, but it just takes a bit of supposition to guess that Melisandre has a maximum range, so to speak, and is vulnerable and somewhat noticeable when birthing a shadow... so getting closer, and doing so under cover of a cavern that exits near Renly's camp, seems pretty reasonable.
But maybe that's me.
BTW, the gate? A real one installed in that cavern in NI for some reason, I've been told -- maybe to keep people from spelunking because it's sensitive and/or dangerous.
387	Isabella Stark	2012-04-23	For all the fretting about butterfly affects and 'how are they going to go from Point A to Point B now that they've changed Point A?'
I think everyone needs to remember that the producers and writers know just as well as we do where the story "needs" to go.  Better in fact, because GRRM has shared his long term story outline with D&D.
Regarding Arya being Tywin's cupbearer- it's a tribute to Maisie Williams' awesomeness that they decided to put her in scenes with Charles Dance. I'm looking forward to watching the two of them interact.   Also, it'll also simplify things for the non-reader viewers so they don't have to get to know a whole bunch of new characters (ie, those people Arya is working for when Harrenhall is run by the Lannisters).
And, this episode provided a better explanation for why Arya doesn't have Jag'hen kill Tywin- because Tywin came in a save Gendry from being tortured to death.  I also think that being Tywin's cupbearer, Arya will see him more as a person, not just as her family's enemy.  (I've never gotten the impression that tv-Tywin or book-Tywin is needlessles cruel and sadistic.  He's very ambitious and pragmatic, and will take very extreme steps to further his goals, but he doesn't strike me as someone who's randomly cruel to the servants.)  I never really bought it that Arya just "forgot" to have Jag'hen kill Tywin.  I think this way, she'll know that she's "supposed" to have Tywin killed, but he saved her friend and if he's kind to her, she'll find it hard to kill him.  So we'll probably get some interesting scenes where Arya is torn about what to do, vis a vis Tywin.
Also, after Joff's prostitute-abusing scene, I'm glad we'll get to see Robb's love story.  It'll be nice to see some characters have a loving sexual relationship.
388	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	BTW, the gate? A real one installed in that cavern in NI for some reason, I've been told Probably to keep the Knights Who Say NI from crawling in at night and hooting their insidious NIs up from the depths of the castle.
389	Isabella Stark	2012-04-23	It was pretty clear that Melisandre was being taken to a place where she could use her sorcery to kill Renly -- Davos certainly understood that, and I think the audience should get it as well. Fair enough that we don't know "why" she has to be closer, or how that cavern relates to where Renly is, but it just takes a bit of supposition to guess that Melisandre has a maximum range, so to speak, and is vulnerable and somewhat noticeable when birthing a shadow... so getting closer, and doing so under cover of a cavern that exits near Renly's camp, seems pretty reasonable.But maybe that's me.BTW, the gate? A real one installed in that cavern in NI for some reason, I've been told -- maybe to keep people from spelunking because it's sensitive and/or dangerous.I agree.It was perfectly clear that Stannis' and Renley's armies are near the coast.  Davos took Melisandre someplace in a boat.  From the reader perspective, he was transporting her to be closer to the target.  From the non-reader perspective, the episode ended on a big cliffhanger.  I'm sure they're wondering, "What's going to happen with that shadow thing?"
390	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-23	Loved that Harrenhal wasn't an animated clockwork machine in the opening credits. It was a hollow ruin, just sitting there. Drove home the point that it's a menacing, dead husk and eerily counterpoints all the intro's mechanical castles.
QARTH! Loved, loved, LOVED Qarth's appearance on the map, and the way the camera soared high above Westeros, zoomed past the burning astrolabe, and dollied straight onto Qarth.
I cannot wait for the map to expand further. I want to see them play around more with the intro's camerawork.
					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 23 April 2012 - 10:37 PM.
391	Apoapsis	2012-04-23	The first time I saw the Qarth scene I was a little annoyed that evidently the Qarthians (judging by the Thirteen, minus the savage from the Summer Isle) are a bunch of white dudes. After watching it again I've changed my mind, most of them look like they could pass for mediterraneans/middle easterners, except the speaker. But it's very odd how they seem to have no noticable non-Westerosi accent whatsoever when the only two people from Braavos we've seen, Syrio and Jaqen, have very obvious accents. And Braavos is a lot closer. Does everyone on Essos except the Braavosi and the Dothraki speak the Queen's English?
392	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	All those Houses aren't going to support someone who can't have a true heir (hence the political marriage to Margaery).And why would Renly not be able to procure a true heir? Should I give a blow by blow here on how babies are made?There were four fairly non refutable gay kings of England as well. Richard 1st (Richard the lionhearted), Willem II, Edward II, and James I. Out of these four, only Willem II did not marry. Richard did not produce an offspring, but James I and Edward II did.My point is, is that Renly's sexuality was well known across the seven kingdoms, as a wide verity of characters talked about it in the books.
393	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	I cannot wait for the map to expand further. I want to see them play around more with the intro's camerawork.+1
394	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	And why would Renly not be able to procure a true heir? Should I give a blow by blow here on how babies are made?Youâ<U+0080><U+0099>re right. It was a pretty stupid remark. Gay men have kids all the time, both then and now.
395	Michaelj	2012-04-23	+1When we criticize, it's because we don't want to see this show tank because of the inconsistent, bad writing. I'd like to see GoT survive till the end of the series, which will be a decade away if we're lucky. If they're making it unwieldy, disjointed, and difficult to follow in the first half of season 2, what are non-readers going to do by the time Davos goes to Skagos and Tyrion is running around with The Golden Company?Well I and many others are enjoying the series and tis getting good ratings so your post is kinda b/s tbh.
396	Frey Pie	2012-04-23	Mixed feelings over the episode. The Lannisters are stealing the show-the actor who plays Tywin is as good as Dinklage for Tyrion in my opinion.
Robbs also doing a great job. There are financial constraints but is it that expensive to show even a few men fighting? For a non-reader hearing that the Starks lost one for every five Lannisters sounds good but it doesnt show the tactical brilliance of Robb, and the ineptitude Stafford. Nor does it say where the battle took place. Its key to know at this point that Robb has caught Tywin off balance again and is now in the West
Joffreys scene was shocking but thats the idea i suppose. Most of the reactions to Joffrey so far is that everyones waiting for him to die. Imagine after Neds death last season, what the uproar will be like after the RW with Joff still alive.
Episodes do seem shorter. Renly and Stannis was handled well. I was indifferent to Mel at the start but i think shes doing a good job now. Also Catelyn seems to be growing into her role. The shadow looked excellent. Pity about not seeing Storms End. Would non-readers know how outnumbered Stannis is?
Loved Harrenhal. Gendry and Aryas storyline is coming together nicely. Lancels part was also played well-just what i imagined hed be like
Quarth will be interesting-looks good
397	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	And why would Renly not be able to procure a true heir? Should I give a blow by blow here on how babies are made?There were four fairly non refutable gay kings of England as well. Richard 1st (Richard the lionhearted), Willem II, Edward II, and James I. Out of these four, only Willem II did not marry. Richard did not produce an offspring, but James I and Edward II did.My point is, is that Renly's sexuality was well known across the seven kingdoms, as a wide verity of characters talked about it in the books.Just so-Renly was a member of the royal family and Loras is  a famous knight known for his prowess at tourneys. It is not to be wondered at that their closeness was well known.
398	tearloch	2012-04-23	The girl with Robb is Jeyne, however they are depicting her, she is just putting on a show. Why would she tell the king that her family is warring with that she is a highborn lady? Perfect hostage situation. She speaks her mind to Robb, and sets up that she will be tending to Robb's wounds later in the series.My thoughts exactly.  She even reprimands him a bit for killing green boys who have no idea why they are fighting except because the man that owns their land shoved a spear in their hands.  She is hiding her identity because what would you think would happen to the daughter of a bannerman of the enemy?  Remember, the Lannisters have his two sisters, and she has no idea who Robb is or what he is capable of.  I think it was a nice set up by HBO for coming episodes, as I was actually let down by the books on how they introduced Jeyne, based on the giant mess she ends up causing.Did anyone catch the member of the 13 at Qarth that looked like (what I picture as) one of the Undying?  Also, the city was spectacular, atleast the little glimpse we got of it.  I didn't like the confrontational nature at the gates, but I guess it emphasizes that nobody in Qarth cares about her or her people, and only really care about the dragons.  Does a good job of setting up her eventual exit from the city.What was the deal with Ned's bones?  I guess it doesn't change the end result, since Tyrion does eventually release them.New Mountain?  Boo!  Not big enough!Tyrion is the MAN!  Lancel's reaction to Tyrion was priceless.  Also loved Tyrion's example of the difference between a threat and a lesson for his nephew in the throne room.  I love Bronn - "There is no cure for being a cunt."  Joffrey is an evil little monster.  Counting the days until that little shit is wormfood. Overall pretty good episode.  The most troubling part of it for me was Tywin immediately identifying Ayra as a girl, but not connecting the dots with the missing Stark girl (or does he know that Arya is missing?).  I think it takes away from the cunning nature of Tywin (ironically, by showing his cunning nature.....)
399	David Selig	2012-04-23	Renly is an enemy of the Lannisters, it's quite possible they deliberately spread the news that he's gay to discredit him and increase the morale of their own troops. Similar things have happened in history.
400	Ser_Niall	2012-04-23	Your that worried about Ned's bones?  I am pretty sure they can still get lost when Catelyn gets killed and unkilled or whatever.I think they spent time because, as LF said it was Tyrion's way of showing good faith.  He gave her this without anything from her.  She can still decide to do something or do nothing.  It was another way to show how vastly superior Tyrion is at working with, understanding, and manipulating people than his relatives in Kings Landing right now. I guess it's true that the bones could get lost, and come up later on.  I just figured based on the Theon chapters in ADWD that Ned's bones come into importance later on in the series.  Maybe not.. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
401	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	Live by the sword, die by the swordIâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve  always thought that sounds a whole lot better in the original Latin proverb whence the English derives: Qui gladio ferit, gladio perit.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 23 April 2012 - 11:25 AM.
402	a shadow	2012-04-23	Did anyone else think that it will be Nymeria and not Grey Wind to attak the Lannister men at the beggining? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
403	Aegnor	2012-04-23	So I knew they were going to combine the two shadow babies into one, and I figured they definitely wouldn't do away with the scene of Davos smuggling Melisandre, but I figured that meant we'd see Storms End, as that was the only thing left that would make sense. Renly would be at Storms End, and the shadow baby to kill Renly would be born there. But they took a different tact, which I'm not sure makes any sense if you actually think about it.
Also, I was totally expecting it to go straight from that scene to Brienne putting Renly's armor on, and then ending the episode with Renly's death.  I'm surprised that didn't happen.
404	blasted_saber	2012-04-23	+1When we criticize, it's because we don't want to see this show tank because of the inconsistent, bad writing. I'd like to see GoT survive till the end of the series, which will be a decade away if we're lucky. If they're making it unwieldy, disjointed, and difficult to follow in the first half of season 2, what are non-readers going to do by the time Davos goes to Skagos and Tyrion is running around with The Golden Company?i dont think its that hard for non-book readers to follow.I think we as fans of the books can make it MORE difficult for ourselves to follow. We know how GRRMs story goes. But this isnt his story. We are trying to fit in GRRMs story with what we are seeing on screen happening, and what is going to happen. The truth is we dont know how HBO is going to take the story. We know A-Z what has happened in the books. But dont assume HBO is going to follow that path to get to Z.A non-book fans brain isnt cluttered up with GRRMs story. They arent constantly trying to figure out how the events happening are going to work with what we know happens in the future in the books.
					
					
							Edited by blasted_saber, 23 April 2012 - 11:35 AM.
405	Mista C	2012-04-23	The #1 thing that is really starting to annoy me the most is the running time of the episodes.  Once you take out the time for the opening and closing credits, each episode this season has barely been 50 minutes long.  That is completely unacceptable.  They could have added 2-3 minutes to the Renly/Stannis scene.  They could have added 2-3 minutes to the Davos/Mel scene to explain what the hell they were doing.  I would watch five minutes of Tyrion just walking around the halls of the Red Keep for gods sake!  But 50 minutes of content each week just plain sucks and the scenes are really starting to feel rushed on top of that.  We've lost almost 40 minutes of content this season so far!
Other tidbits:
1.	How in the hell did Littlefinger or Tyrion know that Cat was treating with Renly at his camp?  Did Robb send a raven to King's Landing a couple of weeks ago to say "To Whom it May Concern, my Mother will be treating with Renly at his camp from ___ to ___.  Save the date!"  Did Cat send a raven to King's Landing once she arrived at Renly's camp saying "If anyone need me, or is looking for me, I will be at Renly's camp from ___ to ___."
2.	Loved the Imp commanding the Throne Room!
3.	Harrenhall was incredibly awesome and unbelievably dreadfull.  500 times worse than I pictured it when reading.
4.	Did I mention that the episodes are just too damn short!  And damn, do they fly by!
					
					
							Edited by Mista C, 23 April 2012 - 11:46 AM.
406	blasted_saber	2012-04-23	The #1 thing that is really starting to annoy me the most is the running time of the episodes. Once you take out the time for the opening and closing credits, each episode this season has barely been 50 minutes long. That is completely unacceptable. They could have added 2-3 minutes to the Renly/Stannis scene. They could have added 2-3 minutes to the Davos/Mel scene to explain what the hell they were doing. I would watch five minutes of Tyrion just walking around the halls of the Red Keep for gods sake! But 50 minutes of content each week just plain sucks and the scenes are really starting to feel rushed on top of that. We've lost almost 40 minutes of content this season so far!Would you rather it be on network television and lose a half hour a week to commercials?HBO is doing a fantastic job. 50 minutes commercial free kick ass television on a substantial budget is far from completely unacceptable.
407	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	The #1 thing that is really starting to annoy me the most is the running time of the episodes.  Once you take out the time for the opening and closing credits, each episode this season has barely been 50 minutes long.  That is completely unacceptable.  They could have added 2-3 minutes to the Renly/Stannis scene.  They could have added 2-3 minutes to the Davos/Mel scene to explain what the hell they were doing.  I would watch five minutes of Tyrion just walking around the halls of the Red Keep for gods sake!  But 50 minutes of content each week just plain sucks and the scenes are really starting to feel rushed on top of that.  We've lost almost 40 minutes of content this season so far!Strongly agree with everything you wrote.  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re doing this.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to shop this out to syndication where they need to keep it to 50 minutes so that with commercials it fits in a 90 minute timeslot.
408	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	1.	How in the hell did Littlefinger or Tyrion know that Cat was treating with Renly at his camp?  Did Robb send a raven to King's Landing a couple of weeks ago to say "To Whom it May Concern, my Mother will be treating with Renly at his camp from ___ to ___.  Save the date!"  Did Cat send a raven to King's Landing once she arrived at Renly's camp saying "If anyone need me, or is looking for me, I will be at Renly's camp from ___ to ___."The base assumption is just from spies within each others courts.  They find out LF gets on his plane and is with Renly within days.
409	The Second Hand	2012-04-23	Wow. This episode was awful.They took one of the best passages George has ever written -- the landing at Storm's End, which, of course, is completely absent -- and mutilated it with a tragic CUT TO that barely empthasizes a massive part of the novel -- how much it costs for a king to truly win a throne. Sadly, the speech between Renly and Stannis was absolutely flat. In the novel, it frickin popped  -- back and forth, Renly the conniving brother who just wants some respect, and the honorable Stannis believing in right over victor.And then there was the torturing scene. Really? Do we not already know how awful Joffrey is? It's just... god, so useless to the overall story. Oh, and what about this new love interest for Robb? How is that even close to important?I'll take a breath. I did like the handling of Harrenhal, but, yeah, I'm so negative....
410	Lady Octarina	2012-04-23	Best episode so far anyone? Though by far the most cruel... First of all I must say I absolutely loved what they did to Harrenhall - not as great as I imagined, perhaps, but certainly much more realistic. Arya's arc promises to be the best. Tyrion was as great as usual (that scene with Lancel was simply lol), Renly and Stannis meeting was good enough, though a bit rushed (is it just me or Stannis' scenes always seem too rushed?), and the shadow baby scene was much more creepy than I could ever have thought. 
The only thing I didn't like was Baelish. I don't know, the character seems to have lost something since the first season.
411	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-23	Did anyone else think that it will be Nymeria and not Grey Wind to attak the Lannister men at the beggining? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />No, because it's Grey Wind that does it in the books.
412	Stark@heart	2012-04-23	ME TOO! I was strangely relived to see it just be used for beating. I think that would be too far...even for HBO.Exactly how I felt but I get why they used that scene to highlight just how sick and twisted Joffery really is.  They have to show that Joff is much more of a threat to Sansa than Cersei to help set up/explain her escape after Joff gets his "just deserts"
413	Mista C	2012-04-23	Would you rather it be on network television and lose a half hour a week to commercials?HBO is doing a fantastic job. 50 minutes commercial free kick ass television on a substantial budget is far from completely unacceptable.No, I would not want it to be on network tv, and yes, HBO is doing a fantasic job.  And yes again, it is 50 minutes of commercial free kick ass television, but...What I was implying is that it seems like some scenes are being rushed right out the door, then the episode ends and I look at the clock and it's 9:51.  They could add a few minutes to several scenes here and there and still be under an hour.  The Renly-Stannis meeting was awesome, but 3 extra minutes could have made it even awesome-er.  And they were already there filming the scene anyways so it's not like I'm asking for new scenes that were not even in the episode.  I'm just asking for them to add a couple of minutes to the key scenes so as not to rush them.
414	dragon_fire	2012-04-23	I completely agree with people saying that the episodes run too short (I timed it at 50 mins too)...I end up thinking "oh, no, it's over" and wanting more after each one, maybe that's what they were going for ? :-) The HBO could have made them longer b/c there is so much material to be covered, but I guess it's their vision.I feel that the HBO Joffrey is about 16 - older than book Joffrey 13 yo, so it wouldn't make much sense if 16 yo would crossbowing cats around the castle...The Joffrey scene with whores shows us a different Joffrey : he feels "sting" after being "educated"=reprimanded by his uncle in front of all the people while he was sitting on the Iron Throne no less! So he sends a message to Tyrion, to warn him not to mess up with him (for he can play "the game"), after he confirms by asking Roz that  "my uncle picked you himself". I wish they would show Tyrion's reaction later on.I felt a bit concerned about missing Dondarion and then hearing Tickler asking the tortured about Brotherhood (without borders), but I read the books. I get the feeling that Dondarion and his red priest won't be making an appearance due to budget considerations, then it leaves the question of reanimating Catelyn, so I think they won't be killing her to make it easier on a viewer (and not the reader !).In general we are getting much more sex (albeit it's not the sexy kind of sex)  than magic in this interpretation of the books and it's producers right to their vision, also it's probably cheaper to make :-) I don't get an idea of Stannis having sex with Melissandre from reading the book. The whole story with illegitimate king's heir Edrick Storm (name sp???) has disappeared : Melissandre burned 3 leeches with his blood to show Stannis what she is capable of (killing his 3 enemies - Renly, Robb, Joffrey) , and later a hint to make a live dragon by sacrificing that child's life.I do agree that the Shadowbaby birth was a great cliffhanger and that 5 episode starts with Renly's killing (it wasn't very clearly explained until later in the books , so that's why they showed the monster's birth in the first place, I think)Overall, the best episode so far!
415	David Selig	2012-04-23	I felt a bit concerned about missing Dondarion and then hearing Tickler asking the tortured about Brotherhood (without borders), but I read the books. I get the feeling that Dondarion and his red priest won't be making an appearance due to budget considerations, then it leaves the question of reanimating Catelyn, so I think they won't be killing her to make it easier on a viewer (and not the reader !). Thoros was mentioned in the first season, Beric even appeared in it. Most likely they will appear at some point.
416	Frey Pie	2012-04-23	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve  always thought that sounds a whole lot better in the original Latin proverb whence the English derives: Qui gladio ferit, gladio perit. Ha right thanks iv never heard the latin for it but as a saying its right up their with my favourites, along with its neighbour. Does sound cool
417	dragon_fire	2012-04-23	I know where Beric has appeared - Ned ordered him to take Mountain's men into custody, but there is no explanation of what happened to him (died/reanimated). It seems to be 1 of the cut storylines for the show
418	Shadowplayer	2012-04-23	I actually thought the scene with Joffrey was effective. We all know that Joffrey can be cruel, childish, and vindicitve, but this scene was meant to show that it is not some teenage hijinx that he can grow out of, he is evil and sadisticc to the bone and there is no redemtion for him.
Is anyone esle completely digusted with Littlefinger's voice this season? He has changed his accent and the tone of his voice so much so that I am actually starting to wince whenever I hear him speak (he almost sounds lilke batman in the dark knight!) I loved him last season and he needs to back to that voice.......especially when you consider the big conversation he is going to have with Sansa later on that made him one of the best characters in the series. I thought he did an excellent job of playing littlefinger last season, but make no mistake, the character is in freefall.
419	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-23	Iknow a lot of people are anoyed that Renley doesn't have a peach.  Although I also find it disappointing, for me, it doesn't fit with tv Renley.
I'm such a pain in the ass when it come sto castin, (don't get me started on Anne Hathaway as Catwoman).  I've always hated the casting of Renley.  HATED>
The way Renley is portrayed on the show, and acted by Gethin, (not saying he isn't a good actor), is NOT the character who laughs with a juicy peach.  His look, stature, demeanor, etc, are so different from the show, that the apple he munched on in the tent is more suitable than the juicy peach during the parlay.
I'd rather the scene be peachless than be reminded one more second how irked I am at tv Renley.  I was sad about Ren;ey's death in the books.  I don't think I will be watching the show.  The only way I will tear up is if Christie does a good job at being upset.  That will move more.  Not Renley's death and certainly not the actor playing Loras, who I find as annoyed as I find Mace in the books.
420	dtones520	2012-04-23	I know where Beric has appeared - Ned ordered him to take Mountain's men into custody, but there is no explanation of what happened to him (died/reanimated). It seems to be 1 of the cut storylines for the showIt's a cut storyline from this season, but you can't cut it completely. Arya's story next season requires the BwB, as does Gendry's.
421	BlackTalon	2012-04-23	I loved the line the show added:
Melisandre: "He is your rightful king, born amidst salt and smoke!"
Renly:"Oh, is he a ham?"
I LOL'd loudly, especially at Melisandre's face when he makes that retort. You can tell it has been a long long time since anybody dared to mock her like that.
422	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	I don't think it was really a bad episode, actually. And I imagine the episodes are shorter due to budgetary reasons more than anything else. I hope this means that both the Blackwater and the House of the Undying will knock our socks off...I did quite like the little CG/painting/whatever that was showing Qarth beyond its gates. It looked every bit as lush, verdant, and opulent as I expected. The design and architecture looked to be some cross between Constantinopolis and Babylonia. I hope we see a lot more of it, and not just interiors; Qarth might just be the most spectacular city we see in the show, with the exception of perhaps Volantis (I forget which city is greater) much later on.The first time I saw the Qarth scene I was a little annoyed that evidently the Qarthians (judging by the Thirteen, minus the savage from the Summer Isle) are a bunch of white dudes. After watching it again I've changed my mind, most of them look like they could pass for mediterraneans/middle easterners, except the speaker. But it's very odd how they seem to have no noticable non-Westerosi accent whatsoever when the only two people from Braavos we've seen, Syrio and Jaqen, have very obvious accents. And Braavos is a lot closer. Does everyone on Essos except the Braavosi and the Dothraki speak the Queen's English?I'm torn on that. They should certainly sound like foreigners to contrast with the English-sounding Westerosi, sure. Something more Mediterreanean (or middle-eastern, even, since the Free Cities seem to be using the Mediterranean accents) would have been nice. That said, the merchant guy being English worked too--he had a sort of Shakespearian bombast, which goes along with the sort of sublime ridiculousness that is Qarth. I can't fault them for that.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 23 April 2012 - 01:27 PM.
423	Arya The Assassin	2012-04-23	The best episode so far, alongside with episode 1!Good:The opening title: I never get tired of watching the opening sequence. Opening titles are usually quite boring, but GoT is one of the very few exceptions I know of. It's also the only title I know of that changes dynamically, based on the content of the episode (this time we saw Harrenhal).Some of Tyrion's best lines survived the transition from the book to the screen. Liked his line about 'educating' his nephew and how he threatened Ser Meryn.Robb's battle: This time they faded to black instead of coming up with a silly excuse (Tyrion being accidentally knocked unconscious by his own men just before the battle...) for not showing the battle onscreen.Joffrey's bedroom scene. Nice showcase for Joffrey's sadistic tendencies.Arya and Gendry's scenes. I remember these parts of the book, and the TV series do them justice.Harrenhal was better than I imagined from the book. Very decadent and scary looking. Excellent design.Cat and Baelish: Nice dialogue driven scene where Baelish tries to win Cat's trust.Qarth: Beautiful city. My only small complaint here is that the military escort/city guard seemed a bit small (a bit of cloning would've helped).The end sequence: I wasn't sure if they'd manage to pull this off, because in the book the 'scene' was well written and had some scary, supernatural overtones. But they did an excellent job here, conveying the horror of the scene and adding a bit of eroticism as well.Bad:Why does Margaery wear such silly clothes? I wasn't aware that she was so radical when it came to wardrobes.For some reason it felt like this episode lasted for 90 minutes, and I mean that in a positive sense. Lots of interesting things were happening and the pacing was good. I remember that in the first season, things really started to heat up around episode 5-6. I hope we'll see the same trend in this season as well.
424	BigWilleyStyle	2012-04-23	I want to mention that I wasn't impressed with Tywin's entrance at Harrenhal.  Since when does Tywin walk around prisoners and start questioning them about about their professions?  Like all other snobby high lords in the book, Tywin barely even notices the existence of low-borns.  Doing something like that is beneath him in his eyes.  Arya only saw him from far away, almost like a mythical figure.  This only worked with Roose because he knew she was somehow involved with Weasel Soup.  I don't mind her being Tywin's cupbearer since I already saw that coming, but the way they went about it seemed quite contrived.I think the TV Tywin has been shown to be hands on kind of guy.  In season one he's butchering and dressing a deer carcass?  Why would a high lord need to do that.  He's also shown in the same scene "educating" Jaime on how to properly handle himself. The scene at Harrenhal reflects this perfectly. He comes in see's something amiss in his shop and sets about to correct it while also educating his men on why it's better his way.    It show's that's he not just some uber powerful rich Lord who rules by fear.  It also explains why men follow him willingly. Also, as someone said earlier you can really see how much Tyrion and Tywin are alike in how they handle their affairs.
425	Morrigan	2012-04-23	I'll never understanding this "All or nothing" mentality. It's like the whole "You're with us or you're with the enemy" thing. Yes, we're all grateful Dan and David have made such an accurate, loving adaptation that captures the book's spirit, etc. It doesn't mean, as both fans and just human beings with tastes and differences, we may not like everything or have minor complaints or are bothered by a change, not simply because it is a change at all, but because of what it specifically changing what from what. This is a forum for fans to express their opinions, in a discussion thread marked aside for the followers of the books. Minor complaints voiced here are not going to change what's already been done, nor will it make the showrunners do things differently in future seasons. I really don't see what's so bad about people using this specific avenue to voice their (sometimes) negative thoughts.Absolutely. Yes, there will always be idiots whining about the 7" tall guy not being big enough, but most of the criticism that has been about the writing is perfectly legitimate. Those who are upset by that should probably find another forum to frequent... I mean what is this forum for anyway, to spam threads about how awesome and perfect everything is? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
426	Apoapsis	2012-04-23	Strongly agree with everything you wrote.  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand why theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re doing this.  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not like theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>re going to shop this out to syndication where they need to keep it to 50 minutes so that with commercials it fits in a 90 minute timeslot.They're shopping it out to TV channels in every country in the civilised world, and then some. Many of which have commercial breaks.
427	Davos55	2012-04-23	Last season things really started to get intense after episode 4, and judging by the preview, it looks like this season will be no different! Can't wait for Qorin Halfhand, Jaqen in action, more Bran, and Brienne taking names!
Also, if you are on a forum, you definitely have to expect nitpicking and criticism. If everyone agreed about every single thing..where is the fun in that?!?
428	Elimeny	2012-04-23	this episode provided a better explanation for why Arya doesn't have Jag'hen kill Tywin- because Tywin came in a save Gendry from being tortured to death.  I also think that being Tywin's cupbearer, Arya will see him more as a person, not just as her family's enemy.  (I've never gotten the impression that tv-Tywin or book-Tywin is needlessles cruel and sadistic.  He's very ambitious and pragmatic, and will take very extreme steps to further his goals, but he doesn't strike me as someone who's randomly cruel to the servants.)  I never really bought it that Arya just "forgot" to have Jag'hen kill Tywin.  I think this way, she'll know that she's "supposed" to have Tywin killed, but he saved her friend and if he's kind to her, she'll find it hard to kill him.  So we'll probably get some interesting scenes where Arya is torn about what to do, vis a vis Tywin.Such an excellent point! And as someone else stated before, it's good to keep in mind that Martin is working with everyone as well, so he must give some sort of approval for each change. It helps that he has experience writing TV, so he knows the sacrifices that must be made. But aside from that, I mentioned earlier that I think the TV adaptation is a great opportunity for Martin to show different sides of his characters. I first noticed this in season 1, with the way Cersei was portrayed. I found myself unable to hate her - suddenly there was more story to her, and she was a much more interesting character. This episode gave me the same perspective on Tywin.There's a part of me that truly believes every time some seemingly strange changes are made to characters that Martin wanted to give us a different perspective on them. Though I doubt very few loved Tywin, I definitely had a certain level of respect for him. The books made it too easy to hate him, and I really feel like the TV renditions are changing him.Martin's characters have always been complex and rendered in shades of gray instead of black and white. But the show is doing an even better job of furthering those shades. I'm a lover of character development, and the folks at HBO have done an incredible job at this. I don't particularly mind the added scenes because they provide more depth to the character - such as the Joff/Ros scene. Joff was a bit young in the books for us to see just how his cruelty would develop. I feel they did a good job of taking advantage of the fact that he's aged up in the series - so we can see what the book!Joff would have been like had he been just a few years older.Besides, I always wondered what would have happened if Tyrion had gotten around to sending a few whores over for Joff. I thought it would be a great idea. That scene helped me answer one of the great imaginative "what ifs" I had while reading the book.
429	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-23	For me this show is feeling very disjointed. I loved many of the individual scenes (everything with Tyrion X10) but as an over all story, it's floundering.Which I guess is how I felt about Clash too.This. People seem to forget that S2 is disjointed because clash was disjointed. Honestly, the book was very imbalanced and not up to par with Got and Asos. I was actually anticipating this drop in quality (posted it somewhere inthe general section some time ago). Some examples:Clash focused on KL and Tyrion a lot(count his chapters) Guess who's the shining star in S2? Clash kind of introduced stannis and mel out of the blue. Guess who nonreaders are confused about? Clash made Dany's story boring. Guess what S2 arc is uneventful? Clash jumped around a lot. Guess what S2 is doing?S2 isn't less entertaining because of too much deviation; it's not deviating enough. To put it less harsh: the show has hits and misses but so does the book! It's not a perfect literary creation.
430	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-23	This was probably my least favorite episode of the season.  Tyrion was fantastic, and I liked some of the Harrenhal stuff, but many other scenes felt forced and out of place.
I'm okay with how they introduced Bolton and Jeyne, but there was too little context for that scene.  I think it might be because I hate not knowing where (geographically) characters are.  We know Robb is fighting Lannisters, but where, and for what purpose?  I wish that was clearer (although the pointed dialogue from "Jeyne" made it clear that Robb doesn't quite know what he's getting into, which is a nice touch).
The "Brotherhood" thing in Harrenhal felt forced.  No one knows who they are.  Another scene missing some context.  And I know they wanted to give Arya a new name for her list (Polliver), but the way they did it seemed forced to me.
I liked most of Cat/Littlefinger, except for Littlefinger's plea to Cat about having some opportunity (implied: since your husband, whose bones I have brought you, has been dead for a month).  That didn't seem like LF's style.
Dany at Qarth was boring and made little sense.  Why not just show them your damned dragons?  I don't remember how that went down in the books, so maybe I'm just forgetting.  But I was confused that whole scene, including the "Sumai" invocation.
Renly and Stannis was fairly well done, but seemed too abbreviated.
Joffrey and the whores would have been completely unnecessary had they done a bit more with the Sansa scene.
431	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-23	Double post.  Apologies
					
					
							Edited by The Knight of Grasses, 23 April 2012 - 02:43 PM.
432	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-04-23	I loved this episode. I think they've done a good job, although I thought they should've extended Sansa's scene and somehow cut the scene with the whores slightly shorter. Can't wait for the rest of the season.
433	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-23	I know where Beric has appeared - Ned ordered him to take Mountain's men into custody, but there is no explanation of what happened to him (died/reanimated). It seems to be 1 of the cut storylines for the showEven in Clash, I don't think we have seen Beric yet nor heard about what has happened to him.  We hear about the Brotherhood.  That's all.
434	Leuf	2012-04-23	Qarth:  I think what everyone is forgetting is that Dany hasn't figured out how to feed the dragons yet.  We haven't seen the dragons since hearing she doesn't know how to feed them.  And now at Qarth they want to see the dragons and she won't produce them.  So I think what they were going for was to make the audience wonder if the dragons are actually dead. But I haven't seen anyone actually reacting to it that way and the scene just did not work.  It had me cringing worse than a Ros scene.  If there's this ominous Garden of Bones outside Qarth then why don't they just kill her? 
Then we have Stannis who just appeared in the Stormlands without any buildup.  Okay.  Remember the scene in the books where Tyrion tells Cersei that Stannis has set sail and she freaks out because they are being attacked, and then Tyrion tells her he's attacking Renly and they both laugh.  Cersei jokes that Robert must have been the smart one of the three.  Seven hells, where was that?  Maybe next episode...
One shadow baby instead of two.  I really don't like this at all.  For those who say this means you don't have to cast Penrose, you don't have to cast him at all.  We never see him in the books.  Renly dies out of nowhere then later Davos smuggles Mel under the castle and we see the second shadow baby.  We don't need to see the second shadow baby do anything to put it together.  It doesn't take any longer, it's the same two scenes in a different order.   And the lack of the peach I bet you anything on the dvd commentary they are going to be like "We wanted to do it but it just didn't work with Renly's costume" and to that I say "Bite me".  Not only is the peach itself awesome, but later you have Stannis talking to Davos and saying only my brother could vex me with a piece of fruit.  COME ON!
I'm not at all a book purist.  I'd rather they totally changed Dany's entire arc rather than try to make it work for tv, for example (though I have no faith in these guys ability to make anything up on their own at this point).  But some things are sacred, and we clearly have different ideas about that. 
I would give Peter Dinklage 10/10 and Carice 9/10, but the rest of the episode 4/10.  Season one I would, and did, and continue to, watch the episodes multiple times.  I don't really have the desire to watch any of the first 4 episodes again, even though I did like ep 3.  So all the buzz I heard before the season started based on people having seen these 4 eps and talking about how it was all more together than the first season I just don't understand.  I hope they get it together for the second half of the season.
435	dragon_fire	2012-04-23	Even in Clash, I don't think we have seen Beric yet nor heard about what has happened to him.  We hear about the Brotherhood.  That's all.Thanks! Do you remember when Arya starts having dreams as Numeria? When she was on the run from Harrenhal or before they (she,Gendry,HotPie, Lommy) were brought there?
436	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-23	I thought they aced the Tickler! He was made of win. Well, not of win, but of all sorts of creepy stuff! I didn't mind how Arya added Polliver to the list, he was already in the last episode and the whole thing had to be shortened down to fit, and I wouldn't want him to be missed out.
437	White Raven	2012-04-23	I wanted to write down everything I did and didn't like, but after reading through 22 pages of this thread with "internal server errors" all the time I'm way too tired. Now I can only come up with this:
Did Littlefinger steal that purple cape from Varys?
					
					
							Edited by White Raven, 23 April 2012 - 03:20 PM.
438	J_Crews	2012-04-23	This is from a Clash of Kings, page 465:  â<U+0080><U+009C>The Red God has his due, sweet girl, and only death may pay for life.â<U+0080><U+009D> Thank you.  I was searching for that quote myself.
439	Ser Kevan Raley	2012-04-23	So thoughts on the fourth episode.Despite showing the Wall, Pyke and Winterfell in the credits, there were no scenes with Jon, Theon or Bran. They should have substituted with Storm's End, especially since they've left out the Reach, and it's unclear to viewers where Renly's host is.So they've also decided to ditch Jeyne Westering for no good reason, diving the part to some Talisa of Volantis. Still, actually seeing Robb's romance will be interesting.First glimpse of Roose Bolton and Vargo Hoat (at least I think that's who the torturer at Harrenhal is supposed to be). And finally we meet the Mountain again, but we still need to see how despicable he is - killing, torturing and raping.The horrors of war is pretty evident in the post-battle scene with Robb and Arya's experiences at Harrenhal. "Nice" touches even if they didn't show all the horrors, like the amputation and the torturing.Just when you thought Joffrey couldn't become more of a bastard, we see him tormenting poor Sansa, and that was just him getting started. He's a sadistic voyeur when he has Ros beating a poor whore (in an added scene). Now I actually have sympathy for Ros.Tyrion continues to own everything and everyone, from Joffrey to Meryn Trant to Lancel. God I love his character!You could see that the Hound flinched at was happening to Sansa. When will we get a scene with them?Clever Littlefinger. he couldn't sway Renly, but he sort of did plant a thought in Cat's head about exchanging Jaime for her daughters. And his talk with Margaery foreshadows the change in allegiance for house Tyrell.Qarth sure looks like a nice place.Dany's little outburst against the Qartheen does seem to lack any credible threat considering her pitiful little band.Davos is a good man, with an excellent performance from Liam Cunningham. Too bad all the good men in Westeros serve different sides.That was some creepy shadow baby Melisandre gave birth to.
440	J_Crews	2012-04-23	In defense of the Joffrey/whores scene...I think it does quite a bit more than just show the progression of his depravity.  This scene solidifies why, once the Lannister/Tyrell alliance is made, Joffrey must die. Think about what we've seen of Joffrey up to this point from the perspective of a powerful family like the Tyrells:He beats up on Sansa--Well, there's bad blood between them (war and all that), and she's far more a prisoner of war than a queen.  There is no reason to presume from this that the way he treats Sansa will be the way he treats Margaery.He has commoners/drunk knights tortured--again, the Tyrells would think they are above such risk.  They are a powerful house, not like the rabble.He had Robert's bastards killed--an ugly order, but some may call it justifiedWhile many of these actions can be a bad PR issue for the Crown-Tyrell alliance... none are a serious threat.  What Joffrey does with the whores, is.  As someone above noted, a teenage boy is presented with two naked young ladies in a room... and his reaction is to have them beat each other?  The mental depravity of that scene goes far beyond anything we've seen before.  Margaery can never be safe married to this Joffrey.  That is why the Tyrells will take on the huge huge risk of assassinating the king.  Not just the king, but a Lannister king.  I'm sure the Tyrells have heard the "Rains of Castamere," and they need a better reason to take that risk than "Joffrey has a mean streak." That is why we will have the Purple Wedding. Yup.
441	J_Crews	2012-04-23	Robb was 14 in the books, not 30 as in the show.I'm of the mind Robb and Joffrey are supposed to be 19 and 16, respectively, now that we're into Season 2 of the show.  In the books, one is a man grown at 16, but TV audiences ain't gonna fly with 16 year-olds (and younger) humping and killing each other over half the kingdoms.Robb is King in the North in his own right, meaning he's of age.  Joffrey is not, otherwise there would be no regent.  In the books, Robb was 15-16, while Joffrey was 12, turning 13, hence the Queen Regent title for Cersei.Robb was born at Riverrun during Robert's Rebellion in 283 AL.  Jon Arryn died in 298 AL, meaning Robb was 15 at the start of the 1st book.  Joffrey, on the other hand, is listed as being born in 286 AL, meaning he was only 12.Dany got similar treatment.  She was 13 when she married Drogo, according to GRRM's own text.  Is anybody really thinking Amelia Clark (24-25 years old) was playing her as a 13 year old getting plowed by Drogo every night.  No.  She looks younger than her age, but not by that much.  She was playing her as more like 17.Further, Bran was only 7-8 and Arya 10 in the books, yet they're being played by actors who are 12 and 15, respectively, and they don't seem to me to be pretending to be 7 and 10 -- but, rather, closer to 10-11 and 12-13.  Just my opinion.Sansa is 13 in the books, of an age with Joffrey, yet she's being played by a 16 year old actress.  Oddly enough, she seems to be getting played as little kid vis a vis the Queen nosing around and Sansa reluctantly admitting to her that she hasn't had her first period yet.  That seems to maybe have been a bit of a screw-up.Anyway, those are my thoughts.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 23 April 2012 - 04:17 PM.
442	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	J.S. Crews: I'm sure the Tyrells were thinking 'oh no, not the whores! He's gone too far this time! Killing lords and abusing highborn ladies, well, heh, boys will be boys but whores? oh the humanity.' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 23 April 2012 - 04:12 PM.
443	Grungo	2012-04-23	Okay, I'm pretty sure I saw Pyrat Pree in there among the Thirteen. Or at least some guy with blue lips (who looked like the guy who was casted to play Pree). Suppose that could mean Quaithe (sp?) was somewhere in there too? I'll have to look for her next time I watch it.
444	NeilSpoon	2012-04-23	I just watched the episode here in the UK and after reading this forum beforehand, I was quite intrigued to see the Joffrey scene.
My thoughts were along the lines of "is that it?" though my flat mate asked me why on earth I was watching this and left the room in disgust lol.
Anyway, I liked the episode on the whole. It was definitely very dark and gruesome.  
The Qarth scene was a bit awkward and just didn't make sense. Just show them the dragons? 
My least favorite part of the book has always been the shadow babies, mainly because it's a bit contrived and because it's Mel doing it, as I always considered her a bit of a fraud.... And I suppose I just prefer the realistic part of the books.
445	Lady Lilac	2012-04-23	I liked the episode overall.Well, except for my big main disappointment: no peach I mean come on, why skip that of all things?Aside from that, the scene with Tiryon and Lancel was brilliant, Harrenhal is even creepier than I expected and the Tickler really was great. Plain looking, nothing special, yet still very creepy. Oh and Roose Bolton too.  They pretty much nailed the mellow/creepy voice he's supposed to have.
446	chris_warrior	2012-04-23	forever and a half to read through 22 pages of comments, but it can be done. and i agree with a lot of the criticism and praise due this episode. it would be cool to come up with some sort of poll; kind of wondering if some HBO exec wouldn't be interested...Check all of the following that apply:(1)  2.4 derivation from original text bothered me (specifics in comments)(2)  2.4 derivations from original text did not bother me.(3)  2.4 extensive violence bothered me.(4)  2.4 extensive violence did not bother me.(5)  2.4 screen time given to extreme violence would have been better spent elsewhere (specifics in comments)(6)  2.4 screen time given to (specific character in comments) would be better spent elsewhere.(7)  member of the "We think the character of Ros isn't working" club.(8)  member of the "We think the character of  Jeyne/whoever she is this week isn't working" club.(9)  member of the "We think you've softened LF too much club."(10)  member of the "We know your budget is limited, but would it have killed you to show us the dragons?" club.(11) member of the "We know your budget is limited, but would it kill you to show us more battles?" club.(12) 2.4 changes in casting bothered me.(13) 2.4 changes in casting did not bother me.and so on...--most of the plot changes from book to TV show did not bother me. wasting screen time on scenes that i found so distasteful i will almost certainly FF through them on any repeated viewing of the show bothered me. as i understood it, the Tyrell crew executes the PW because Sansa lets slip that Joffrey is an evil bastard, and she's talking about how he treats her, Sansa. the fact that he'd be willing to beat up whores (and no, i didn't find the scene non-canon, simply disgusting) possibly wouldn't bother them at all; plight of common folk, and all that.i too wondered why they showed us the Shadow meant to kill Renly and didn't end with the killing. i think it would have actually linked the 'baby' and the death in a concrete way. the creepiness of Mel was well done, and the scene was impressive.disliked the Quarth scene because i feel it made Dany seem (more than usual) an idget. she blustered and threatened and blew smoke (pun intended) and came off looking terrible. i don't remember having quite so bad an opinion of her after reading CoK, as viewing this season.i agree with some posters that i think i would have been fairly confused with how Stannis got to Renly, if i hadn't read the books.continue to like the Arya material and Robb material, though the torture sequences at Harrenhal being shown that way were awful. again, FF, for me. there's a lot of bad stuff coming down the pike (Theon, Ramsey, etc) and this episode has me wondering how awful it may get.
447	iheartseverus	2012-04-23	J.S. Crews: I'm sure the Tyrells were thinking 'oh no, not the whores! He's gone too far this time! Killing lords and abusing highborn ladies, well, heh, boys will be boys but whores? oh the humanity.' /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />What I took from J.S. Crews post is that Joffrey's conduct with the whores shows his sexual sadism towards women, and that is a danger to Margaery and therefore, to the Tyrell's.  And I totally, 100% agree with J.S. Crews.
448	Roose Seal	2012-04-23	The Qarth scene was funny but not in a good way.
Even if they don't have money for the dragons, just have one of the thirteen look under the rags over the cages, we don't have to actually see the dragons. 
It seemed like a very silly and forced way to introduce Xaro and have him vouch for Dany.
The whole scene felt comedic, it almost looked like Emilia Clarke was about to burst out laughing at the ridiculousness of her lines.
449	Ghost714	2012-04-23	In the intro they showed Kingslanding, Harrenhall, Pyke, Winterfell, The Wall, and Qarth. I understand them showing Kingslanding, Harrenhall, and Qarth, because in this episode they went to those places. So why did they show Pyke, Winterfell and the Wall? If they didn't go there? I mean I have no problem with them showing places on the map, even if we don't go there in the that specific episode, but if they are going to show a few places, even though we did not go there, why not show them all, for example they left out Dragonstone in the intro of this episode. So again, if they are going to show places that we don't go to in that episode, then why not just show all of the locations marked on the map so far?
Edit.
Does anyone else think the guy playing Lancel is a horrible actor? I mean I know he was going to look bad in comparison to Peter Dinklage, because Dinklage is so good, but in the Throne Room scene, before Tyrion got there, the actor playing Lancel was still horrible IMO.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 23 April 2012 - 04:42 PM.
450	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-23	i was not impress by the Joffrey/whores scene , I thought it was going to be very gross, i did not like the Baelish Catelyn interaction at all. Him putting ideas into her head as if she cannot come to those decisions by herself like in the book. but that is just me. i did not mind Ross this time  , guess i am used to her now.
I did not notice the mountain Gregor at all where was he? and what was that with grey wind I was and am expecting more.
451	legba11	2012-04-23	It's amusing the quick to attack people suggesting Renly would be unable to have a child.  I realize that in our society today, we are quick to take any opportunity to pat ourselves on the back for how unXXXXXXist (race, religion, sexuality, shoe color, dentist, shoe color...) we are.  HOWEVER, the show has made it quite clear that this particular gay man DOES have an issue with it.   So it is a legitimate talking point.
452	J_Crews	2012-04-23	it was a sceptre, wasn't it? At least that's what I thought - it made it even more symbolic in my head, using a symbol of royalty and power to beat up prostitutes.Yep.  Think you nailed it.  A scepter it was.
453	Morrigan	2012-04-23	Why bitch about the intro? They'd been showing Vaes Dothrak since episode 2, and kept showing it long after the khalasar had moved on from there. They show Winterfell for every episode even if no scene happens there. Etc.
454	J_Crews	2012-04-23	What I took from J.S. Crews post is that Joffrey's conduct with the whores shows his sexual sadism towards women, and that is a danger to Margaery and therefore, to the Tyrell's.  And I totally, 100% agree with J.S. Crews.Ding.  Ding.  Ding.  We have a winner.  Actually, it wasn't my post, though -- just one I agreed with wholeheartedly.  This follows, btw, exactly with the books.  Sure, no whore-torture was involved, but the way he had treated Sansa alone got him iced.  The Tyrells weren't having that mess with their precious Margaery.
455	Leuf	2012-04-23	Also wanted to say I thought Harrenhal looked more like what I imagined Moat Cailin to look like.  And what was up with there not being enough room in the most gigantic but empty castle in Westeros to torture people inside?  I don't get it.  Wouldn't it have been easier to shoot all that indoors anyway?   I honestly don't know and am apparently wrong, I just don't get why.  I suppose also Tywin couldn't have come riding in on a horse, but still, Charles Dance doesn't need to be on a horse to command a scene.
And why is the Tickler asking if there's gold in the village when they're long gone from the village?  It doesn't make any sense.
Anyways, looking at some of the episode reactions from book readers and non-book readers, the episode does seem to have worked better for the non-book readers.  So that's good.
456	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-23	Tyrion said this after he rescued Sansa. What does it mean? He's talking about Catelyn?"lady stark. you may survive us yet"That bothered me as well, since Sansa is never addressed as "Lady Stark" (since she is not married to Lord Stark or ruling Winterfell as its Lady).  Lady Stark is Catelyn.  Tyrion should know the difference.  If the writers wanted to emphasis Tyrion's respect for Sansa as a Stark, they could have had him call her "Lady Sansa Stark".  I suppose the appellation could stand since Catelyn and Robb have been formally attainted.  But wouldn't Bran and Rickon, who are still ahead of Sansa in the order of succession to ruling Stark, be too young to be attainted as traitors, and thus potentially considered, at least Bran, as the only Lord Stark they might recognize?  Or has the Crown proclaimed Sansa to be the ruling Stark, with Joffrey as a nominal regent since he is both King and Sansa's betrothed and Sansa (if she is officially 14 on TV) is still a minor?It's murky; but I too thought the line was awkward. 
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 23 April 2012 - 05:28 PM.
457	dark  sister	2012-04-23	He looks 30, regardless of whether he's supposed to be 18 or not, Obviously, he cannot truly be 30.He really looks 30 to you? Damn! I've seen him in this other show from the UK called Sirens, and he looks his true age there (24 or 25). He also looks way hotter on that show for some reason. Maybe it's because they don't make him as scruffy looking.
458	Serr Parker	2012-04-23	Ok this will probably get edited about 40 times by the time I remember everything but here goes:
Stannis, Renly, Davos, Mel: Enjoying Stannis all the way through the show so far, I think the actor fits him perfectly. The "Robert is true steel, Renly is Copper, Stannis is Iron" quote comes to mind straight away when I see the show. Must say I'm disappointed not to see Lightbringer yet, when I read the book that was one of the things I was really looking forward to, hope they haven't took it out of the show altogether. Didn;t liek the shadow scene in the book but thought it worked well in the show. Thought it was a strange place to end though, killing Renly would have been perfect for it, hopefully we'll see Storms End as well, they've done such a good job with Harrenhal it would be nice to see their interpretation of other places as well.
Robb: Liked seeing Robb from the enemy's point of view, the scene managed to show the grimness of war that didn't come across to me in the book. I've heard all of the Robb scenes George has wrote for the show, don't know how true it is but hopefully it'll be true, get to see the development of Jeyne.
Joff, Sansa, Tryion: Tryion gets better and better, plays the role perfectly. The Loras scene was the perfect adaptation. I can see why the Joff/Whore scene was put in, as the Sansa one wasn't as bad as in the book, but still really? You don't put the perfect prologue in yet we're left with this? One of the parts I didn't like so much. 
Ayra, Gendry: Loved every part of this, was sceptical at first with missing the village part out but it's made up for it now. I know people say The Tickler wasn't very scary but have him sat there with his monotone voice perfectly calm as he tortures people was great, shows how sick he is. Tywin comes across exactly how he did in the book for me, I liked him. He's a dick but you respect him because he's great at everything he does.
Overall: 8-9/10 Parts I wasn't expecting to be so good ended up being great. (Robb and Harrenhal) however disappointing with the shortness of the Stannis/Renly confrontation. Also the quicker Ros goes the better, the show and series is too short without wasting time on story lines no one could care less about.
459	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	That bothered me as well, since Sansa is never addressed as "Lady Stark" (since she is not married to Lord Stark or ruling Winterfell as its Lady).  Lady Stark is Catelyn.  Tyrion should know the difference.  If the writers wanted to emphasis Tyrion's respect for Sansa as a Stark, they could have had him call her "Lady Sansa Stark".  I suppose the appellation could stand since Catelyn and Robb have been formally attainted.  But wouldn't Bran and Rickon, who are still ahead of Sansa in the order of succession to ruling Stark, be too young to be attainted as traitors, and thus potentially considered, at least Bran, as the only Lord Stark they might recognize?  Or has the Crown proclaimed Sansa to be the ruling Stark, with Joffrey as a nominal regent since he is both King and Sansa's betrothed and Sansa (if she is officially 14 on TV) is still a minor?It's murky; but I too thought the line was awkward. I don't think that the books or the show follow English rules of address, because it's way too inconsistent. Why "Lord Stark" but "Lord Tywin," for instance? That said, you're right that Lady Stark has always been used for Catelyn; Tyrion ought to have said "Lady Sansa," with the surname being surplusage. But I don't think it's too much of a big deal, really, given that the show and the books don't make a big deal about it themselves.Ultimately, I think Tyrion was paying her respect for the way Sansa refused to take the easy (and probably dangerous) out. The fact that endured that sort of monstrous treatment and could still walk out of the room with her head held high. . . that was enormous, and every bit worthy of the adult title 'Lady Stark.' It was a beautiful ending to what started out as a distressing and horrifying scene.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 23 April 2012 - 10:48 PM.
460	iheartseverus	2012-04-23	That bothered me as well, since Sansa is never addressed as "Lady Stark" (since she is not married to Lord Stark or ruling Winterfell as its Lady). Lady Stark is Catelyn. Tyrion should know the difference. If the writers wanted to emphasis Tyrion's respect for Sansa as a Stark, they could have had him call her "Lady Sansa Stark". It's murky; but I too thought the line was awkward. Strange that we all see things so differently. Tyrion's 'Lady Stark...' line was my absolute favorite in the entire episode. I thought it was the perfect movie moment, in that it conveyed a world of recognition and respect in just a few words. With that line, Tyrion is saying (in my interpretation) that he was extremely impressed with the dignity, maturity and sheer grown-up class with which Sansa handled herself following that terrible public humiliation. I believe he meant it as a salute to a girl Stark who'd handled herself as magnificently as if she'd been a Lady Stark. I loved it! Loved it!
461	legba11	2012-04-23	Lady Stark was given to Sana as a compliment, not a promotion or mistake.  Maybe Tyrion is also thinking that Catelyn will NOT survive, and then the importance of Sansa politically increases. (but likely just an offhand compliment)
462	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-23	For all the fretting about butterfly affects and 'how are they going to go from Point A to Point B now that they've changed Point A?'I think everyone needs to remember that the producers and writers know just as well as we do where the story "needs" to go.  Better in fact, because GRRM has shared his long term story outline with D&D.Regarding Arya being Tywin's cupbearer- it's a tribute to Maisie Williams' awesomeness that they decided to put her in scenes with Charles Dance. I'm looking forward to watching the two of them interact.   Also, it'll also simplify things for the non-reader viewers so they don't have to get to know a whole bunch of new characters (ie, those people Arya is working for when Harrenhall is run by the Lannisters).And, this episode provided a better explanation for why Arya doesn't have Jag'hen kill Tywin- because Tywin came in a save Gendry from being tortured to death.  I also think that being Tywin's cupbearer, Arya will see him more as a person, not just as her family's enemy.  (I've never gotten the impression that tv-Tywin or book-Tywin is needlessles cruel and sadistic.  He's very ambitious and pragmatic, and will take very extreme steps to further his goals, but he doesn't strike me as someone who's randomly cruel to the servants.)  I never really bought it that Arya just "forgot" to have Jag'hen kill Tywin.  I think this way, she'll know that she's "supposed" to have Tywin killed, but he saved her friend and if he's kind to her, she'll find it hard to kill him.  So we'll probably get some interesting scenes where Arya is torn about what to do, vis a vis Tywin.Also, after Joff's prostitute-abusing scene, I'm glad we'll get to see Robb's love story.  It'll be nice to see some characters have a loving sexual relationship.I don't think there will be much Tywin/Arya interaction if the TV series stays more or less true to the books.  Tywin is not the type of man who would be familiar with his servants; especially table staff (he would probably have more respect for a groom or steward); he would be polite but distant, as long as they did their job properly.  If the servants didn't do their jobs properly, they'd either be fired and replaced, possibly punished, depending on what kind of mistakes they made.As for book-Arya not asking Jaq'en to kill Tywin, I thought it made a lot of sense.  First, Arya hardly knew Tywin; if she even knew him at all; and would not have necessarily blamed him for the fall and execution of her father, since Tywin was nowhere near King's Landing at the time; and as far as Arya knew, it was the fault of Joffrey and his mother and the executioner.  Second, Arya's still a child, and does net yet have the ability to think of all the ramifications and intricacies of a situation, such as who is responsible for the deaths of Mycah, Ned Stark, the Stark retainers, and Arya's friends and the other people she witnesses being murdered.  Actually, Tywin was not responsible for the deaths of Mycah or Ned Stark or the Stark retainers as far as I remember, but could be held responsible for the deaths of Lommy Greenhands and the other civilians because he sent Gregor Clegane and other thugs out to commit murder and plunder. But Arya would not necessarily think of the ties of feudal allegiance between Gregor and Tywin, since she did not see Tywin directly order any torture or deaths.
463	Serr Parker	2012-04-23	I don't think there will be much Tywin/Arya interaction if the TV series stays more or less true to the books.  Tywin is not the type of man who would be familiar with his servants; especially table staff (he would probably have more respect for a groom or steward); he would be polite but distant, as long as they did their job properly.  If the servants didn't do their jobs properly, they'd either be fired and replaced, possibly punished, depending on what kind of mistakes they made.As for book-Arya not asking Jaq'en to kill Tywin, I thought it made a lot of sense.  First, Arya hardly knew Tywin; if she even knew him at all; and would not have necessarily blamed him for the fall and execution of her father, since Tywin was nowhere near King's Landing at the time; and as far as Arya knew, it was the fault of Joffrey and his mother and the executioner.  Second, Arya's still a child, and does net yet have the ability to think of all the ramifications and intricacies of a situation, such as who is responsible for the deaths of Mycah, Ned Stark, the Stark retainers, and Arya's friends and the other people she witnesses being murdered.  Actually, Tywin was not responsible for the deaths of Mycah or Ned Stark or the Stark retainers as far as I remember, but could be held responsible for the deaths of Lommy Greenhands and the other civilians because he sent Gregor Clegane and other thugs out to commit murder and plunder. But Arya would not necessarily think of the ties of feudal allegiance between Gregor and Tywin, since she did not see Tywin directly order any torture or deaths. From what I remember of the bookk Tywin leaves shortly after the first death and since the next episode is 'the ghost of Harrenhal' I think he'll be gone by the end of ep. 5 or 6 and as you say very little interaction.
464	The Monkey	2012-04-23	The Quarth scene was silly, but then again, it was a bit unrealistic in the novel too. The fact that no one in the city would even try to steal her dragons is a bit unbelievable.
465	boojam	2012-04-23	The Quarth scene was silly, but then again, it was a bit unrealistic in the novel too. The fact that no one in the city would even try to steal her dragons is a bit unbelievable.While on the way to Xaro Xhoan Daxos palace she under the protection of her blood riders, while at Xaro's place she was under his protection, Even when she was out and about the bloodriders were always with her , many times with Jorah too.I guess they are not going to replace Rakharo, even tho , I think in the books, she had  at least  a few other Dothraki warriors left.
466	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	The Quarth scene was silly, but then again, it was a bit unrealistic in the novel too. The fact that no one in the city would even try to steal her dragons is a bit unbelievable.They thrive on trade with foreigners, it would be a disaster for commerce if word got out that they steal whatever they like.
467	BronnFan	2012-04-23	I guess they are not going to replace Rakharo, even tho , I think in the books, she had  at least  a few other Dothraki warriors left.I thought Kavarro, the Dothraki who found the city was going to be Rakharo's replacement.
					
					
							Edited by BronnFan, 23 April 2012 - 07:20 PM.
468	boojam	2012-04-23	It was pretty clear that Melisandre was being taken to a place where she could use her sorcery to kill Renly -- Davos certainly understood that, and I think the audience should get it as well. Fair enough that we don't know "why" she has to be closer, or how that cavern relates to where Renly is, but it just takes a bit of supposition to guess that Melisandre has a maximum range, so to speak, and is vulnerable and somewhat noticeable when birthing a shadow... so getting closer, and doing so under cover of a cavern that exits near Renly's camp, seems pretty reasonable.But maybe that's me.BTW, the gate? A real one installed in that cavern in NI for some reason, I've been told -- maybe to keep people from spelunking because it's sensitive and/or dangerous.That scene was the confluence of two 'shadow baby' episodes Renly's death and Ser Cortnay's death. For Renly we don't see the shadow baby born, but for Ser Cortnay we do, and in this episode it's almost exactly as Davos experiences it in the novel.I have a feeling the whole deal with Ser Cortnay and Storms End will eliminated. Just as well cause it would be a Been There Done That scenario.
469	J_Crews	2012-04-23	That scene was the confluence of two 'shadow baby' episodes Renly's death and Ser Cortnay's death. For Renly we don't see the shadow baby born, but for Ser Cortnay we do, and in this episode it's almost exactly as Davos experiences it in the novel.I have a feeling the whole deal with Ser Cortnay and Storms End will eliminated.Just as well cause it would be a Been There Done That scenario.This is my expectation as well.
470	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	disliked the Quarth scene because i feel it made Dany seem (more than usual) an idget. she blustered and threatened and blew smoke (pun intended) and came off looking terrible. i don't remember having quite so bad an opinion of her after reading CoK, as viewing this season.There seems to be some general "naivety" amongst readers regarding Danys role/personality/behaviour. I think the producers will want less ambiguity in the show and. like with Joffrey, they may go a bit out of the way to show Dany's real colours. Hence the early degradation, notice the posturing followed by hissy fit and empty threat that does not fool anyone. And most importantly the "True Targaryen" coment that follows. I loved the scene. And based on the next weeks preview things are about to get sadder/funnier depending on your view on this kind of thing.
471	dark  sister	2012-04-23	I noticed something when re-watching this episode.  It may or may not be true, or intentional.
Did anyone else notice the old woman with long white hair and blue eyes at the first torture scene, after Arya&co arrive at Harrenhal? She says, after she hears her son die by torture "He's dead. He was my son. My sister was three days ago. My husband the day before that." Gendry says "They take someone every day?" She doesn't answer, then Arya asks "Does anyone live?"
The dead look in her eyes, the length of cloth wrapped around her head, and her hair, all reminded me of UnCat.  Her husband died first, then Robb [along with the others], then Lysa. The order isn't exactly right, but it seemed like a foreshadowing, esp. when Arya asked if anyone lived, b/c as we know, she becomes intimately acquainted with the workings of life and death in the house of B&W.
Just a little something I picked up on, and I'm not sure if it really is a foreshadowing, but interesting for discussion maybe.
472	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-23	On the issue of Qarth and the way Dany handled the situation, I interpreted her reluctance in showing the dragons as a product of:
1) Pride. Dany is very prideful and keeping the dragons under wraps allows her to maintain some type of power base or level of control.
2) Protection. For one, the dragons were both young and weak. Maybe she felt showing the dragons would somehow undermine her position. More than anything, the meeting between the 13 and Dany was an exercise in power -- both sides pushing and pulling -- and Dany probably didn't want to show her cards and feel submissive...even if she was at their mercy. Also, there's the danger of the 13 trying to steal the dragons, and she wanted to keep them as barricaded as possible. Seeing the dragons allows the Qartheen delegation to gauge the feasibility of taking the dragons by force. The dragons unseen allows Dany to use their mystique as a deterrent.
473	Morrigan	2012-04-23	Say... Who will Arya name in her list? If she's already promoted to cupbearer, she won't have time to receive abuse from hateful people like Chiswyck or Weese. Also I hope we'll somehow still get the weasel soup scene (even if she was made cupbearer -after- that event)...
474	iheartseverus	2012-04-23	On the issue of Qarth and the way Dany handled the situation, I interpreted her reluctance in showing the dragons as a product of:1) Pride. Dany is very prideful and keeping the dragons under wraps allows her to maintain some type of power base or level of control.2) Protection. For one, the dragons were both young and weak. Maybe she felt showing the dragons would somehow undermine her position. More than anything, the meeting between the 13 and Dany was an exercise in power -- both sides pushing and pulling -- and Dany probably didn't want to show her cards and feel submissive...even if she was at their mercy. Also, there's the danger of the 13 trying to steal the dragons, and she wanted to keep them as barricaded as possible. Seeing the dragons allows the Qartheen delegation to gauge the feasibility of taking the dragons by force. The dragons unseen allows Dany to use their mystique as a deterrent.Spot on!  Exactly!  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
475	Elfangle	2012-04-23	I also agree with the post above. To me, Dany not showing her dragons makes a lot of sense. All her life she has been pushed around by everyone. She was driven away from her home by the rebellion. Viserys treathed her like a common slave. They had to beg for money to survive. She was sold to Drogo where she had a hard time getting accepted even if she was khaleesi. 
And now that she has some power of her own (a small khalassar and 3 dragons) and she finaly starts to get some respect from people she simply refuses to do what anybody else tells her to do. She is a queen, a Targ, khaleesi and mother of dragons. She feels that people should show her respect. The 13 are not doing that. They make the mistake by showing up with soldiers. Off course dany is going to be offended by that and keep her foot down. And in the beginning you could tell she felt unsure but when she was making her threats,  thought she was very confident ( even if the threat itself wasnt that strong). 
And yes, people state that in the books her dragons were in the open but the big difference is that in the books, the emmisaries from quarth came to her and were respectfull and acknowlegded that she was a queen. In the show they treated her as a little kid and we know that Dany cant stand that
476	Kevin Chicken'sbane	2012-04-23	Wow, reading about a shadow baby being born, and watching a shadow baby being born are 2 completely different experiences.  But also, in the book
	Spoiler this scene happens after Renly is already killed by a different Shadow, does this get rid of the Edric Storm character in the show?  Do we just assume that this shadow is going for Renly?

					
					
							Edited by Kevin Chicken'sbane, 23 April 2012 - 11:22 PM.
477	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	There seems to be some general "naivety" amongst readers regarding Danys role/personality/behaviour. I think the producers will want less ambiguity in the show and. like with Joffrey, they may go a bit out of the way to show Dany's real colours. Hence the early degradation, notice the posturing followed by hissy fit and empty threat that does not fool anyone. And most importantly the "True Targaryen" coment that follows. I loved the scene. And based on the next weeks preview things are about to get sadder/funnier depending on your view on this kind of thing.The problem is that I'm not sure the audience is going to take it that way. Someone like Joffrey, who actually has the power to carry out horrific acts, is going to be regarded as far more terrible than someone like Daenerys, who currently lacks the potential to burn cities to the ground. I do know a few show-only viewers who were perturbed but the majority weren't, and while that may count for little I suspect it's her current desperation that will lead a lot of viewers to give her a great deal of leeway.
478	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-23	Well, I really laughed throughout the whole 'Jeyne-thing'. Can anybody imagine Robb Stark, the King in the North, would fall for a common camp follower nurse? Love does not overcome class distinctions in Westeros. How can they possibly integrate Davos and him being uncomfortable about being a noble of sorts, and intend to make this girl a queen?It really is too ridiculous to rant about it...I also missed Renly's peach, but Stannis, Davos, and especially Mel really were awesome this week. It's a change that Stannis is actually privy to the whole shadow thing, but I don't mind. Stannis did know later on when he charged Davos to help Mel to kill Ser Cortnay.What concerns me is that the writers are inserting more and more deviations into the story.  One or two, as in Roz' prominent role and the lack of Damphair, don't bother me so much.  But the story of ASoIaF is a tapestry:  pull out one thread and it will hold, even two.  Pull out thread after thread after thread and insert blue thread where there should be red, and the tapestry will eventually be far less recognizable.Some of the changes I've noticed:1.  Roz; not just Theon's favorite prostitute in the North; now she is an important supporting character.  I think she's getting more screen time than Sansa; and most of it is semi-pornographic.  If I wanted to watch porn, I know how to find it.  I don't want to see porn every season of AGOT; at this point I guess it's inevitable.  I'd have rather seen them stick to Chataya and Alayaya as prostitutes in King's Landing, they were interesting characters.  2.  No Jeyne Poole.  Are they going to send Roz up north to sub for Arya as Ramsay Bolton's bride?  Will anyone believe it?3.  Robb's love interest is a Florence Nightengale type, with a very 20th century attitude, from Volantis, rather than little Jeyne Westerling.  Maybe the writers thought that the viewers could not handle Robb marrying out of duty after sleeping with a minor nobleman's daughter, or that Jeyne was sweet and shy; but that's how the character was in the books.4.  The Hound grimaces when Sansa is beaten in the throne room, but does not speak up to protest.  They could have included that, it's far more important, as far as I can tell, than Roz and her friend bouncing on Joffrey's bed to warm him up or whatever, and would have taken less time.5.  Littlefinger seems almost a completely different person in the TV production; far from being a superficially pleasant, useful financier who controls himself enough to help his game brilliantly succeed, he's almost as mouthy as Tyrion.  6.  Shae is much older and, in my view, less realistically portrayed, than the character in the book; a prostitute who was utterly dependent on the whims of her patron would have been a bit less arrogant, at least at this point in the story, especially since she has no other friends or allies or resources in King's Landing.  7.  Margaery is at least 10 years older; perhaps a move to consolidate her with her grandmother and thus spare the need to add the Queen of Thorns to the cast.  They could have included the Queen of Thorns and had one less scene with Roz; since the QoT only has one major scene.  I would have preferred that Natalie Dormer play Melisandre and that they had found a teenager to play Margaery.  8.  Apparently no Reeds, and no Edmure Tully in sight.  I don't know who the Red Wedding bridegroom is going to be.  Perhaps Maester Luwin will survive and accompany Bran; though I don't know if he would be physically strong enough for the long journey in the cold.  At least no one's fooled around and changed Hodor from the book.  And I don't mind the changes to Osha; they're minor; and her conversation with Theon in Season 1 was wonderful.  9.  Joffrey not just being a vicious sociopath who enjoys inflicting pain and torture on practically everyone who annoys him, no matter how minor or imagined the slight is; he's a sadist who forces prostitutes to hurt each other.  I think it was more important to the story that Joffrey inflict pain and humiliation on Sansa (and not just one blow and one slap with the sword, there were welts on her legs; and it was implied that there were several other beatings, not just one other) than Joffrey torturing prostitutes; but perhaps the writers are more interested in the storyline of their invented character (Roz) than one of GRRM's own characters who is an important supporting character in the series.  Joffrey's already been depicted as a monster for removing the tongue of the minstrel and trying to choke Dontos with wine because the knight was drunk, and having Sansa beaten; the scene with his torturing Roz & friend was, in my opinion, overkill.  10.  Cersei not only was not the one who ordered the massacre of Robert's bastards after the king's death (implied in the books), she was fond enough of Robert early in their marriage to have him father a child on her.  That lessens Cersei's ferocity; she's been made a softer and more subtle character.  I prefer the character as GRRM wrote her.  I know that the writers have to compress a great deal of pages and characters.  I just don't see the reasoning for all the changes I've listed. I suppose I should be glad that Bronn and Tyrion and Sam Tarly and the Old Bear and Arya are very much in character.   I enjoyed the first season; and some of the second, at least so far, but I really prefer book scenes to Roz-porn; and I fear that we're going to get more Roz-porn at the cost of dialogue and scenes that GRRM created.The bright spot this episode was Tyrion; his intervention in the throne room and interaction with Joffrey and Sansa, and then his scene with Lancel.  I guess Lancel isn't quite dumb enough to go search for another breastplate stretcher, but he comes close.
479	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	I agree with most of what Raksha has posted above, and would like to subscribe to his/her newsletter.That said: I can understand the lack of the Reeds and Edmure, if only because there's so little space and so many characters even without all the Ros scenes (who I'm convinced is going to end up as the Prince That Was Promised) that it'd be bewildering to TV viewers. It's possible their stories might just have to be left to ASOS and the comparative breathing room of 2 seasons for a book that's only 100 or so pages longer.I agree completely about Margaery, despite finding the current version utterly hilarious, if only because I think that doe-eyed innocent Margaery from the books is a better player than she lets on and is a worthy protege of the QoT, but the show version is far more blatant in her desires. Both her and LF ought to be subtle--I think the audience can be trusted to be uneasy about them.I *completely* agree about Ros being a waste of time, and if they needed a character like her, they could have at least used one that was actually supposed to be in KL. Regardless, the role is completely inflated and you're absolutely right, overshadows an already marginalized character called Sansa *Stark*.As for Jeyne Poole, D&D did make some joke in the commentary that the girl that Sansa was talking to in the pilot was Jeyne Poole but at any rate, nobody knows that.I also completely agree about Shae. Tyrion is not some dashing debonair fellow, used to getting submissive women and therefore getting a kick out of one that talks back to him. For him, his relationship with Shae is because she is completely his coupled with the self-loathing that it's completely fake and paid for with his gold and jewels.I'm fine with most added scenes/changes we've seen, and I'm not expecting textual literalism in an adaptation--the show is better than most in that regard. But Ros and Shae are the most grating, and Sansa is the most shabbily treated as a result. I don't think it's intentional on their part--the commentaries suggest that the creators just really liked Bianco's acting, and that they're puzzled as to why the fandom dislikes Sansa but unfortunately the former is oppressively omnipresent to the point of being a main character, and the latter (despite exceptional acting by Turner) isn't given enough of a chance to shine.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 24 April 2012 - 12:01 AM.
480	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-24	Well, at least they got rid of Lancel's laughable pageboy haircut....
481	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-24	What concerns me is that the writers are inserting more and more deviations into the story.  One or two, as in Roz' prominent role and the lack of Damphair, don't bother me so much.  But the story of ASoIaF is a tapestry:  pull out one thread and it will hold, even two.  Pull out thread after thread after thread and insert blue thread where there should be red, and the tapestry will eventually be far less recognizable.Some of the changes I've noticed:1.  Roz; not just Theon's favorite prostitute in the North; now she is an important supporting character.  I think she's getting more screen time than Sansa; and most of it is semi-pornographic.  If I wanted to watch porn, I know how to find it.  I don't want to see porn every season of AGOT; at this point I guess it's inevitable.  I'd have rather seen them stick to Chataya and Alayaya as prostitutes in King's Landing, they were interesting characters.  2.  No Jeyne Poole.  Are they going to send Roz up north to sub for Arya as Ramsay Bolton's bride?  Will anyone believe it?3.  Robb's love interest is a Florence Nightengale type, with a very 20th century attitude, from Volantis, rather than little Jeyne Westerling.  Maybe the writers thought that the viewers could not handle Robb marrying out of duty after sleeping with a minor nobleman's daughter, or that Jeyne was sweet and shy; but that's how the character was in the books.4.  The Hound grimaces when Sansa is beaten in the throne room, but does not speak up to protest.  They could have included that, it's far more important, as far as I can tell, than Roz and her friend bouncing on Joffrey's bed to warm him up or whatever, and would have taken less time.5.  Littlefinger seems almost a completely different person in the TV production; far from being a superficially pleasant, useful financier who controls himself enough to help his game brilliantly succeed, he's almost as mouthy as Tyrion.  6.  Shae is much older and, in my view, less realistically portrayed, than the character in the book; a prostitute who was utterly dependent on the whims of her patron would have been a bit less arrogant, at least at this point in the story, especially since she has no other friends or allies or resources in King's Landing.  7.  Margaery is at least 10 years older; perhaps a move to consolidate her with her grandmother and thus spare the need to add the Queen of Thorns to the cast.  They could have included the Queen of Thorns and had one less scene with Roz; since the QoT only has one major scene.  I would have preferred that Natalie Dormer play Melisandre and that they had found a teenager to play Margaery.  8.  Apparently no Reeds, and no Edmure Tully in sight.  I don't know who the Red Wedding bridegroom is going to be.  Perhaps Maester Luwin will survive and accompany Bran; though I don't know if he would be physically strong enough for the long journey in the cold.  At least no one's fooled around and changed Hodor from the book.  And I don't mind the changes to Osha; they're minor; and her conversation with Theon in Season 1 was wonderful.  9.  Joffrey not just being a vicious sociopath who enjoys inflicting pain and torture on practically everyone who annoys him, no matter how minor or imagined the slight is; he's a sadist who forces prostitutes to hurt each other.  I think it was more important to the story that Joffrey inflict pain and humiliation on Sansa (and not just one blow and one slap with the sword, there were welts on her legs; and it was implied that there were several other beatings, not just one other) than Joffrey torturing prostitutes; but perhaps the writers are more interested in the storyline of their invented character (Roz) than one of GRRM's own characters who is an important supporting character in the series.  Joffrey's already been depicted as a monster for removing the tongue of the minstrel and trying to choke Dontos with wine because the knight was drunk, and having Sansa beaten; the scene with his torturing Roz & friend was, in my opinion, overkill.  10.  Cersei not only was not the one who ordered the massacre of Robert's bastards after the king's death (implied in the books), she was fond enough of Robert early in their marriage to have him father a child on her.  That lessens Cersei's ferocity; she's been made a softer and more subtle character.  I prefer the character as GRRM wrote her.  I know that the writers have to compress a great deal of pages and characters.  I just don't see the reasoning for all the changes I've listed. I suppose I should be glad that Bronn and Tyrion and Sam Tarly and the Old Bear and Arya are very much in character.   I enjoyed the first season; and some of the second, at least so far, but I really prefer book scenes to Roz-porn; and I fear that we're going to get more Roz-porn at the cost of dialogue and scenes that GRRM created.The bright spot this episode was Tyrion; his intervention in the throne room and interaction with Joffrey and Sansa, and then his scene with Lancel.  I guess Lancel isn't quite dumb enough to go search for another breastplate stretcher, but he comes close.Aside from point 2 & 8, what points affect the tapestry directly? It seems to me that most of your criticism is about the show not portraying characters the way you imagined them. That's fine, but I don't see how they directly influence the plot. So joffrey, according to you, is more sadistic than in the books. How does that really change future events? Same goes for the portrayal of Shae and the inclusion of Ros... So far, no major event or development has been left out or changed significantly by them. With regards to Shae and Ros, there has not been a real butterfly effect yet. Also, you're assuming that, because margaery is older, they will leave out QoT... That's just inventing butterfly effects to make your qualms with the actress' age more sifnificant. I'm not saying QoT is definitively cast for S3, but I'm not going to judge margaery's performance in S2 according to something which may or may not be true. I understand that these are important changes for you personally, but that doesn't mean they're unraveling the entire tapestry of asoiaf (plot for example). That's really too soon to tell. You're trying to add a gravity to your peeves that's not entirely justified.
482	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	Strange that we all see things so differently. Tyrion's 'Lady Stark...' line was my absolute favorite in the entire episode. I thought it was the perfect movie moment, in that it conveyed a world of recognition and respect in just a few words. With that line, Tyrion is saying (in my interpretation) that he was extremely impressed with the dignity, maturity and sheer grown-up class with which Sansa handled herself following that terrible public humiliation. I believe he meant it as a salute to a girl Stark who'd handled herself as magnificently as if she'd been a Lady Stark. I loved it! Loved it!Then you love something that is not in the books, or even hinted at in the books. That's not wrong, but it's definitely different, just sayin'. That whole scene was different, too, so obviously they are changing the Sansa - Hound interaction to something different they think will work better on screen. Or something.It's one thing to say "OMG the Mountain is too short!!" another thing to question why certain dialogue choices were lifted for no apparent reason, or why the interaction between certain characters were changed, while the characters were still there and the scene was set, so to speak.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 24 April 2012 - 01:43 AM.
483	Rockroi	2012-04-24	1.  Roz; not just Theon's favorite prostitute in the North; now she is an important supporting character.  I think she's getting more screen time than Sansa; and most of it is semi-pornographic.  If I wanted to watch porn, I know how to find it.  I don't want to see porn every season of AGOT; at this point I guess it's inevitable.  I'd have rather seen them stick to Chataya and Alayaya as prostitutes in King's Landing, they were interesting characters.  I agree with your underlying point, namely that some third-level characters (or lower) are getting more "face time" than POV characters (Sansa) or really solid secondary characters (the Hound, Stannis)>  THis is a primary difficulty many have with this area of the show. Now, with that said, I can definately understand why the writers and producers did not introduce Chataya and Alaya- its ineconomy of characters.  The authors would have to write in two more characters, pay two more actresses, time to meet them and give them stuff to say and do so the audiance cares about them and remembers them etc.  That takes time; too much time for any show to legitimately do.  So, they cut some corners/cheat and Roz - the whore with the heart of gold -pops up everywhere and actas as the writers "go to woman" whenever the situation calls for it.  Its certainly not good writing (its actually very bad writing), and its not great TV.  But in some ways its a necessary evil to keep the show from over-proliferating with characters. 2.  No Jeyne Poole.  Are they going to send Roz up north to sub for Arya as Ramsay Bolton's bride?  Will anyone believe it?At this point I think they are going to send the "other" girl in the Joff "beat up prostitutes" scene, but I have nothing to go on here. 3.  Robb's love interest is a Florence Nightengale type, with a very 20th century attitude, from Volantis, rather than little Jeyne Westerling.  Maybe the writers thought that the viewers could not handle Robb marrying out of duty after sleeping with a minor nobleman's daughter, or that Jeyne was sweet and shy; but that's how the character was in the books.This is another area that initially has me rolling my eyes, but also crossing my fingers.  Yeah, no question this character is horribly misplaced and a grand cliche.  However I am going to try to accept some of her as she is and maybe it will grow on us; I can give the benefit of the doubt and hope this works out.  Then again, I said the same thing about Shea and that turned out to be a huge misfire. 4.  The Hound grimaces when Sansa is beaten in the throne room, but does not speak up to protest.  They could have included that, it's far more important, as far as I can tell, than Roz and her friend bouncing on Joffrey's bed to warm him up or whatever, and would have taken less time.This oirked me a great deal as well; why not give the man some dialog and lets have some fun with a character many really enjoy.  Nah, instead, here is an extended scene of boobies...6.  Shae is much older and, in my view, less realistically portrayed, than the character in the book; a prostitute who was utterly dependent on the whims of her patron would have been a bit less arrogant, at least at this point in the story, especially since she has no other friends or allies or resources in King's Landing.  Train. Wreck.  I stated it before- the writers/producers said that they met the woman who is playing Shea and they immediately loved her.  She was older had a different accent and then they decided, almost on a whime, to change the character to fit the actress.  The result?  Its not working, and its not just because this woman's acting is ... uhm... different... they kept the original Shea's story lines but have shoved that Shea's dialog into this Shea's mouth and its utterly unbelievable.  The prodcuers thought they did not need to recreate Shea; just explain away the accent and the age etc and it would work.  It has not.  And everytime she talks I am reminded how much its not working. 7.  Margaery is at least 10 years older; perhaps a move to consolidate her with her grandmother and thus spare the need to add the Queen of Thorns to the cast.  They could have included the Queen of Thorns and had one less scene with Roz; since the QoT only has one major scene.  I would have preferred that Natalie Dormer play Melisandre and that they had found a teenager to play Margaery.  I am just going to very politely disagree woith you.  For starters everyone in the show is older because of the innaporpriateness of some of the actions (hey Khal Drigo how's your 13 year old wife doing?  Pregnant you say?  Wow, and how old was she when you married?  Oh... I... I need an adult!  I need an adult!!!).  I also like how this MAergery is incorporating the larger styles and messages from these portions of the books.  Yes, the Queen of Thornes MAY be lost but its an understandable loss (as you said yoursel; she is in onlya few scenes). 9.  Joffrey not just being a vicious sociopath who enjoys inflicting pain and torture on practically everyone who annoys him, no matter how minor or imagined the slight is; he's a sadist who forces prostitutes to hurt each other.  I think it was more important to the story that Joffrey inflict pain and humiliation on Sansa (and not just one blow and one slap with the sword, there were welts on her legs; and it was implied that there were several other beatings, not just one other) than Joffrey torturing prostitutes; but perhaps the writers are more interested in the storyline of their invented character (Roz) than one of GRRM's own characters who is an important supporting character in the series.  Joffrey's already been depicted as a monster for removing the tongue of the minstrel and trying to choke Dontos with wine because the knight was drunk, and having Sansa beaten; the scene with his torturing Roz & friend was, in my opinion, overkill.  Perhapse.  I cannot deny that you bring solid points to bare.  But also consider this- Joff in that scene is not just torturing prostitues (though its hard to justtalk that point away; he is also sending a message to Tyrion in a flat and ham-handed attempt to play the Game of Thrones.  Joff is just coming into his own and the power of his station has not only made him more crazed. The attack on the bastards; the attack on the prostitues; on Sansa; the Singer etc.  Yes he's a fucking nut job but he is also sending the message that he will not be ignored or cowed.  ITs a little more layered than just "Aerys the Mad 2.0." 10.  Cersei not only was not the one who ordered the massacre of Robert's bastards after the king's death (implied in the books), she was fond enough of Robert early in their marriage to have him father a child on her.  That lessens Cersei's ferocity; she's been made a softer and more subtle character.  I prefer the character as GRRM wrote her.  To me this is an aethetic change and one that can be debated; I do not believe it inherently weakens the series. Overall I agree with much of what you ahve written and I believe most people who are gaving problems with some episodes fall into camps closely related to the ones you outlined.
484	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-24	I agree with most of what Raksha has posted above, and would like to subscribe to his/her newsletter.That said: I can understand the lack of the Reeds and Edmure, if only because there's so little space and so many characters even without all the Ros scenes (who I'm convinced is going to end up as the Prince That Was Promised) that it'd be bewildering to TV viewers. It's possible their stories might just have to be left to ASOS and the comparative breathing room of 2 seasons for a book that's only 100 or so pages longer.I agree completely about Margaery, despite finding the current version utterly hilarious, if only because I think that doe-eyed innocent Margaery from the books is a better player than she lets on and is a worthy protege of the QoT, but the show version is far more blatant in her desires. Both her and LF ought to be subtle--I think the audience can be trusted to be uneasy about them.I *completely* agree about Ros being a waste of time, and if they needed a character like her, they could have at least used one that was actually supposed to be in KL. Regardless, the role is completely inflated and you're absolutely right, overshadows an already marginalized character called Sansa *Stark*.As for Jeyne Poole, D&D did make some joke in the commentary that the girl that Sansa was talking to in the pilot was Jeyne Poole but at any rate, nobody knows that.I also completely agree about Shae. Tyrion is not some dashing debonair fellow, used to getting submissive women and therefore getting a kick out of one that talks back to him. For him, his relationship with Shae is because she is completely his coupled with the self-loathing that it's completely fake and paid for with his gold and jewels.I'm fine with most added scenes/changes we've seen, and I'm not expecting textual literalism in an adaptation--the show is better than most in that regard. But Ros and Shae are the most grating, and Sansa is the most shabbily treated as a result. I don't think it's intentional on their part--the commentaries suggest that the creators just really liked Bianco's acting, and that they're puzzled as to why the fandom dislikes Sansa but unfortunately the former is oppressively omnipresent to the point of being a main character, and the latter (despite exceptional acting by Turner) isn't given enough of a chance to shine.I'm female; but I don't have a newsletter, Dragon.  We could do without the Reeds for the moment; but someone has to accompany Bran and Hodor up north; preferably someone with informative dreams and survival skills.  Maybe one of the Reeds will show up later.  Unless Bran and Hodor travel with Rickon and Osha and they all go up north; which would be a huge change from the books.Without Edmure, who will be the bridegroom at the Red Wedding?  How many other unattached male heirs of Great Houses can Robb put forth to Walder Frey as a substitute for himself?  Unless the writers plan to have Robb just fool around with Talisa and break off the engagement with the Frey girl, and then be persuaded, before marrying Talisa, to marry the Frey girl after all - which makes Robb look even worse.  Roz will surely end up revealed as Princess Rhaenys, switched and smuggled out of King's Landing before Tywin's forces came in and murdered Elia and (maybe) Aegon.  Or she'll be a long-lost Sand Snake. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> I like Natalie Dormer, she is fun to watch.  But part of Margaery's appeal in the book was that she was this sweet-looking, apparently gentle, pretty, "nice" girl whose sharp mind and political acumen were very busy behind those doe eyes.  She was more than she seemed; while Natalie Dormer's Margaery is exactly what she seems; a charismatic and strong-willed ambitious adult woman.  It could well be that the girl Sansa was talking to in Winterfell in Season One Episode 1 was Jeyne Poole.  They could have easily brought her along to King's Landing.  I am convinced that Roz will end up being sent north as Arya Stark to marry a Bolton, because TV-Theon liked her and could reasonably respond to her when they are both frightened captives.  But it would be preposterous that any Bolton (and/or formerly Stark) bannermen would actually believe that the 20-something Roz is Arya Stark.  The actress who plays Roz doesn't do too badly; but her role does not have that much range; and much of her screen time is devoted to porn.  I wonder if Roz will substitute for Alayaya in getting a whipping on Cersei's orders and thus sparking some nasty threats from Tyrion and rising hatred/fear of him from Cersei.  A man like Tyrion would quickly tire of an arrogant, back-talking prostitute.  Tyrion wants to be the boss in such relationships; his intelligence and verbal skills are topnotch and he prizes them as powerful weapons in a personal arsenal that is low on physical and warrior strength.  He wants to be the witty, acerbic one in a relationship; and have the girl admire his intelligence as well as his sexual prowess.  Besides, Tyrion's relationships with both Shae and Sansa were twisted attempts to redo the truncated romance he had with Tysha; a sweet, grateful 14-year-old-girl.  (Shae is neither sweet nor grateful, and is older than book-Shae)  I think that the writers created TV-Shae with an abrasive, arrogant (for that time and place) personality for the same reason they made Robb's new girlfriend 'Talisa' a self-righteous nurse who tells him off - they want Westerosi women with modern Western 21st century attitudes, or at least female characters who are far less influenced by/invested in the male social/legal hierarchy of most of Westeros, so they can appeal more to modern Western 21st century female viewers.  It doesn't work for me.  Why would the creators of the TV series be surprised that the TV-fandom does not like Sansa?  They made her less sympathetic and much more bratty than book-Sansa in most of the first season; the real Sansa would never have spoken so rudely to her Septa.  And Sophie Turner's voice was often whiny; which I think was by direction; I've heard the actress speak in interviews with a very pleasant, clear, voice.  I do think Miss Turner stepped up her acting this season, starting actually from her last scene in AGOT with Joffrey dragging her to see her father's head.I will still enjoy much of TV-AGOT.  But it is rapidly shaping up to be a slightly different story from the actual series; and I'm wondering how much more divergence there will be.  And, to be honest, the semi-porn (or soft porn, I don't know the actual definitions) is a huge turnoff for me - when sex scenes are presented in the books, one can either read them or turn the pages (as in the Cersei/Taena affair, which I found rather icky); and there is at least a little bit left to the imaginations.  And to me, the Theon/Roz sex, the Littlefinger/Roz/friend, and now the Roz/friend (before Roz had to seriously hurt her to avoid being shot by Joffrey) oral stuff, was porn.  I have no objection to porn being available to those who want it, I just don't see the need for it in this series (when there is already a lot of sex, and scenes that could be done in bed or without showing everything); and would rather avoid seeing more of it.  I can only hope that if they ever have Ramsey or Roose Bolton bedding his reluctant wife "Arya", we will not see any sexual activity between dogs and people /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> - P.L.E.A.S.E.!!!! (GRRM left that a bit vague as to whether that happened or not, intentionally I think, to let the readers' imagination fill in the blanks, but the creators of the TV series prefer to spell out too much for us) (and if they're end up showing the Boltons flaying anyone alive - Kyra or Theon, etc. I will probably not buy the dvd; there's only so much violence and torture I can stomach; I had to fast-forward past the Tickler and rat sequences in this episode)
485	Dr. Killjoy	2012-04-24	So what?
All of you are going to watch the Season to the End.
Even it is the biggest piece of trash you will watch it, only because you can say what all was wrong.
I have no problem with the changes, or Characters like Ros or Shae (the Actress is very good in Germany). I have read the first 4 Books, but I am not a Book-Maniac, like a lot of the people here.
PS: Sorry for the poor English /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
486	Ghost714	2012-04-24	I'm female; but I don't have a newsletter, Dragon.  We could do without the Reeds for the moment; but someone has to accompany Bran and Hodor up north; preferably someone with informative dreams and survival skills.  Maybe one of the Reeds will show up later.  Unless Bran and Hodor travel with Rickon and Osha and they all go up north; which would be a huge change from the books.Without Edmure, who will be the bridegroom at the Red Wedding?  How many other unattached male heirs of Great Houses can Robb put forth to Walder Frey as a substitute for himself?  Unless the writers plan to have Robb just fool around with Talisa and break off the engagement with the Frey girl, and then be persuaded, before marrying Talisa, to marry the Frey girl after all - which makes Robb look even worse.  Roz will surely end up revealed as Princess Rhaenys, switched and smuggled out of King's Landing before Tywin's forces came in and murdered Elia and (maybe) Aegon.  Or she'll be a long-lost Sand Snake. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> I like Natalie Dormer, she is fun to watch.  But part of Margaery's appeal in the book was that she was this sweet-looking, apparently gentle, pretty, "nice" girl whose sharp mind and political acumen were very busy behind those doe eyes.  She was more than she seemed; while Natalie Dormer's Margaery is exactly what she seems; a charismatic and strong-willed ambitious adult woman.  It could well be that the girl Sansa was talking to in Winterfell in Season One Episode 1 was Jeyne Poole.  They could have easily brought her along to King's Landing.  I am convinced that Roz will end up being sent north as Arya Stark to marry a Bolton, because TV-Theon liked her and could reasonably respond to her when they are both frightened captives.  But it would be preposterous that any Bolton (and/or formerly Stark) bannermen would actually believe that the 20-something Roz is Arya Stark.  The actress who plays Roz doesn't do too badly; but her role does not have that much range; and much of her screen time is devoted to porn.  I wonder if Roz will substitute for Alayaya in getting a whipping on Cersei's orders and thus sparking some nasty threats from Tyrion and rising hatred/fear of him from Cersei.  A man like Tyrion would quickly tire of an arrogant, back-talking prostitute.  Tyrion wants to be the boss in such relationships; his intelligence and verbal skills are topnotch and he prizes them as powerful weapons in a personal arsenal that is low on physical and warrior strength.  He wants to be the witty, acerbic one in a relationship; and have the girl admire his intelligence as well as his sexual prowess.  Besides, Tyrion's relationships with both Shae and Sansa were twisted attempts to redo the truncated romance he had with Tysha; a sweet, grateful 14-year-old-girl.  (Shae is neither sweet nor grateful, and is older than book-Shae)  I think that the writers created TV-Shae with an abrasive, arrogant (for that time and place) personality for the same reason they made Robb's new girlfriend 'Talisa' a self-righteous nurse who tells him off - they want Westerosi women with modern Western 21st century attitudes, or at least female characters who are far less influenced by/invested in the male social/legal hierarchy of most of Westeros, so they can appeal more to modern Western 21st century female viewers.  It doesn't work for me.  Why would the creators of the TV series be surprised that the TV-fandom does not like Sansa?  They made her less sympathetic and much more bratty than book-Sansa in most of the first season; the real Sansa would never have spoken so rudely to her Septa.  And Sophie Turner's voice was often whiny; which I think was by direction; I've heard the actress speak in interviews with a very pleasant, clear, voice.  I do think Miss Turner stepped up her acting this season, starting actually from her last scene in AGOT with Joffrey dragging her to see her father's head.I will still enjoy much of TV-AGOT.  But it is rapidly shaping up to be a slightly different story from the actual series; and I'm wondering how much more divergence there will be.  And, to be honest, the semi-porn (or soft porn, I don't know the actual definitions) is a huge turnoff for me - when sex scenes are presented in the books, one can either read them or turn the pages (as in the Cersei/Taena affair, which I found rather icky); and there is at least a little bit left to the imaginations.  And to me, the Theon/Roz sex, the Littlefinger/Roz/friend, and now the Roz/friend (before Roz had to seriously hurt her to avoid being shot by Joffrey) oral stuff, was porn.  I have no objection to porn being available to those who want it, I just don't see the need for it in this series (when there is already a lot of sex, and scenes that could be done in bed or without showing everything); and would rather avoid seeing more of it.  I can only hope that if they ever have Ramsey or Roose Bolton bedding his reluctant wife "Arya", we will not see any sexual activity between dogs and people /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> - P.L.E.A.S.E.!!!! (GRRM left that a bit vague as to whether that happened or not, intentionally I think, to let the readers' imagination fill in the blanks, but the creators of the TV series prefer to spell out too much for us) (and if they're end up showing the Boltons flaying anyone alive - Kyra or Theon, etc. I will probably not buy the dvd; there's only so much violence and torture I can stomach; I had to fast-forward past the Tickler and rat sequences in this episode)How could you skip the torture scene, that kind of stuff is important, it really shows us what kind of horrible stuff Arya had to witness. I have no problem with sex scenes, unless they are pointless and to time consuming, because then important stuff has to be cut. I also wish the sex scenes were the ones in the books, because I feel like all of those had a purpose in one way or another.I agree that Sophie Turner has really stepped up her game, not that I thought she was bad in the first season or anything, it's just that she is very good this season. That's why it does suck that they are giving her very little screen time. Sophie Turneris exactly how I imagined Sansa, I think she is utterly perfect.
487	DirePenguin	2012-04-24	i'm curious. How long was Melisandre's "gestation" in the book? In this chapter they made it seemed pretty short.
488	footballcoach	2012-04-24	There are far too few episodes in this series to adequately cover the content of the books.  There is no suspense surrounding plot development.  The pacing and lack of continuity between story lines in the series is jarring.  The characters and their relationships appear superficial and come and go without much substance.  Everything feels rushed. It is hard to follow, and the dearth of available episodes causes all sorts of plot re-writes.  In short, it is a mess and the series deserved a lot better.	To the Producers:  We get it.  We don't need Roz flashing her tits every week or Renly and Ser Loras making out for 10 minutes.  These scenes could be handled much more quickly and with greater effectiveness while still getting the same point across.  Some of these scenes are just excruciatingly long and hard to watch (like the one with Roz beating the other girl).  Really?  Is sexual abuse/assault telling the story of Game of Thrones?  This stuff is jarring to the point where you lose the entire message of the scene.  In this case I don't think there was one that hadn't already been established multiple times before (i.e. Jeoffrey is an ass).
					
					
							Edited by footballcoach, 24 April 2012 - 03:25 AM.
489	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	I'm female; but I don't have a newsletter, Dragon.Just an expression denoting agreement. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I've been staying far away from TV spoilers, because I like to see things week to week so the only thing I know about the Reeds is that they haven't been cast. So my speculation would be that either they're going to delay the journey north until next season (or at least, just set off once Theon starts his nonsense) and then come across the Reeds at that point or there are going to be some very difficult changes to justify (given that as far as the books go, we don't know what's up with Rickon and Osha). As for the Red Wedding - hm, good point. I can't think of anybody with him right now that'd be weighty enough to substitute, and it'd seem weirdly convenient for Edmure to just show up. That said, I've heard speculation that Riverrun plotlines are being held back for the next season, in which case he might well show up. It's possible the creators just don't want to throw too many characters at us at once. Roz will surely end up revealed as Princess Rhaenys, switched and smuggled out of King's Landing before Tywin's forces came in and murdered Elia and (maybe) Aegon.  Or she'll be a long-lost Sand Snake. /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Oh, why'd you have to go and say that. I happen to like Princess Rhaenys--or rather, from what little we know about her, I like her sense of humor in naming a *kitten* Balerion.I like Natalie Dormer, she is fun to watch.  But part of Margaery's appeal in the book was that she was this sweet-looking, apparently gentle, pretty, "nice" girl whose sharp mind and political acumen were very busy behind those doe eyes.  She was more than she seemed; while Natalie Dormer's Margaery is exactly what she seems; a charismatic and strong-willed ambitious adult woman.Signed.It could well be that the girl Sansa was talking to in Winterfell in Season One Episode 1 was Jeyne Poole.  They could have easily brought her along to King's Landing.  I am convinced that Roz will end up being sent north as Arya Stark to marry a Bolton, because TV-Theon liked her and could reasonably respond to her when they are both frightened captives.  But it would be preposterous that any Bolton (and/or formerly Stark) bannermen would actually believe that the 20-something Roz is Arya Stark.  The actress who plays Roz doesn't do too badly; but her role does not have that much range; and much of her screen time is devoted to porn.  I wonder if Roz will substitute for Alayaya in getting a whipping on Cersei's orders and thus sparking some nasty threats from Tyrion and rising hatred/fear of him from Cersei.Yeah, they can't possibly use Ros for that. They're either just going to have to get a random lady-in-waiting, or somehow introduce Poole later. I really don't know how that's going to work, but that definitely seems a butterfly effect candidate.I think that the writers created TV-Shae with an abrasive, arrogant (for that time and place) personality for the same reason they made Robb's new girlfriend 'Talisa' a self-righteous nurse who tells him off - they want Westerosi women with modern Western 21st century attitudes, or at least female characters who are far less influenced by/invested in the male social/legal hierarchy of most of Westeros, so they can appeal more to modern Western 21st century female viewers.  It doesn't work for me.Agreed. Westeros is anachronistic. I think it does the audience a disservice to have a mouthpiece that says "hey, feudalism is unfair! sexism is unfair! War, what is it good for?" The audience is going to do that themselves, they don't need a character to do the thinking for them. They need the world to be what the world is. I'm sure some of the peasants are unhappy about being forced to fight in a war, but I doubt any of them are going to mouth off to an armed dude in charge of an army. We don't know whether Talisa is highborn or not yet, but it seemed forced.  Why would the creators of the TV series be surprised that the TV-fandom does not like Sansa?  They made her less sympathetic and much more bratty than book-Sansa in most of the first season; the real Sansa would never have spoken so rudely to her Septa.  And Sophie Turner's voice was often whiny; which I think was by direction; I've heard the actress speak in interviews with a very pleasant, clear, voice.  I do think Miss Turner stepped up her acting this season, starting actually from her last scene in AGOT with Joffrey dragging her to see her father's head.Agreed completely. I absolutely hated that scene. If there was anything Sansa was, it was courteous. Even during her captivity, she kept her courtesies--that's what the Hound teased her about. She would not have been sassy and mean-spirited to her septa. I felt as if they were purposefully trying to make her unlikable during the first season so they could somehow give her a turnaround during the next one (a lot of my friends admit to changing their minds about her during ACOK). I think her unpopularity would have handled itself just fine, though. And while Sansa's always been the character that I related to best, her rudeness to the septa on multiple occasions was uncalled for.Sophie Turner is phenominal though. I say this a lot, and the reason is because I was really unsure about the casting. I didn't know a thing about her other than the name, but just because I thought the character would have a challenge for anybody. I am glad to say my concerns proved to be unfounded. Turner is the definitive Sansa Stark, and thank goodness for that. I think she played her brilliantly from the pilot onward--I think my favorite two scenes with her were the pilot banquet (when she was every bit the bubbly young girl she was, but demurely in control) and the awkward family dinner and Shae scene of the previous episode where you saw this huge range of emotions play across her face in scenes where she otherwise spoke evenly. In both instances, she gets across emotion while still putting on the mask that the character had to put on and that's a rare talent. I can't sing her praises enough. That's probably why I enjoyed her scenes with Tyrion this episode: they're the two finest actors in a production with a lot of good actors, imo.I will still enjoy much of TV-AGOT.  But it is rapidly shaping up to be a slightly different story from the actual series; and I'm wondering how much more divergence there will be.  And, to be honest, the semi-porn (or soft porn, I don't know the actual definitions) is a huge turnoff for me - when sex scenes are presented in the books, one can either read them or turn the pages [...]Yeah, we expected nudity and violence coming in. I'm not a prude, and when it's necessary, useful, and/or artistic: go for it. Ros's scenes weren't those--especially Hooker Academyâ<U+0084>c, which had the added problem of telegraphing Littlefinger's intentions in the episode ending in his "surprise" betrayal of Ned. I didn't mind the nudity with Mel because it had a purpose, both times. But the Ros scenes are just porn, plain and simple. And it's a problem because there are a lot of people I'd love to introduce the show to and who I'd think would enjoy it, but for those really tacky porn scenes.I don't mind sex or nudity when it serves a legitimate point. I don't mind diverging from the books when it has a point too--and a lot of their changes and additions have been right on the money, so I'm fine with those. But the porn has got to stop, if this show is going to keep any self-respect. Enough with Ros already. I know D&D said they liked her and wrote more stuff with her because of that, but come on. I can't think of a Ros scene that's contributed anything new outside of her first scene, and maybe--maybe the babykilling scene.
					
					
							Edited by Dragon of Valyria, 24 April 2012 - 03:43 AM.
490	Shienberg	2012-04-24	How could Tyrion know about Cat being in Renly's camp (thus gave LF Ned's bone)???Varys isn't just hangin around for his good looks and charm. This kinda thing is his job.
491	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-24	There are far too few episodes in this series to adequately cover the content of the books.  There is no suspense surrounding plot development.  The pacing and lack of continuity between story lines in the series is jarring.  The characters and their relationships appear superficial and come and go without much substance.  Everything feels rushed. It is hard to follow, and the dearth of available episodes causes all sorts of plot re-writes.  In short, it is a mess and the series deserved a lot better.	To the Producers:  We get it.  We don't need Roz flashing her tits every week or Renly and Ser Loras making out for 10 minutes.  These scenes could be handled much more quickly and with greater effectiveness while still getting the same point across.  Some of these scenes are just excruciatingly long and hard to watch (like the one with Roz beating the other girl).  Really?  Is sexual abuse/assault telling the story of Game of Thrones?  This stuff is jarring to the point where you lose the entire message of the scene.  In this case I don't think there was one that hadn't already been established multiple times before (i.e. Jeoffrey is an ass).There is a second message in the Joff scene that people seem to gloss over quite quickly. Joffrey asks several times "my uncle sent you?". I took that to mean he is trying to get back at Tyrion for publicly embarrasing him on several occasions.  Not only is Joff cruel and sadistic (already established); he is also threatened by Tyrion.He handles this in his own vile way. Violent repression is Joff's strategy in the game. The scene was less gratuitous than other scenes IMO.
492	Kushluk of Skagos	2012-04-24	I am a book reader, however I am not as doctrinaire as some other posters on the forms are. It is clear to me that there is room for the TV show to be its own artistic creation and even improve on the original books. I think the inclusion of a greater role for Osha was one such improvement over the books.
That said, I think this episode had some problems:
1. The Volantine girl that may or may not replace Jayne Westerning is obnoxious as hell. If I were a lord who just won a battle, the last thing IÂ´d want to hear is a random nurse bitching at me. Yes, my army injured him, just like he would have done to me, if he had the chance. 
1a. In defence of the annoying nurse woman, she is there to point out to the audience in explicit terms that RobbÂ´s excellent military skills are not complimented by political skills. He is in many ways the mirror opposite of Tywin Lannister. Robb wins all battles but loses the war, whereas Tywin loses practically all the battles but wins big. Why? Robb dosenÂ´t have a clear political vision about what he wants. He can kill Lannisters all day, but ultimately he has to decide what the point of all this is: install a new king? Become king? choose someone else? He never does this in a satisfactory way, and it bites him in the ass big time. 
2a. She could be lying about being a Volantine and is just Jayne Westerling in thin disguise. Her mother was Volantine if I remember correctly. She also did not answer what side she is on. 
Anyway, whoever she is, she acts like a rebellious teen from the late 1990s. Obnoxious brat. I actually might become a Fray/Bolton supporter. 
2. The Joffrey Torture scene - Not needed. Even Bronn already knows heÂ´s a cunt. The scene itself was well done in that it caused me to cringe, but to what effect? We all KNOW Joff is a real cunt. He just spent some time publicly humiliating his bride to be. 
3. Could have seen a little more of the inside of Qarth. Seems like we spent an eternity outside looking in. 
Positive side:
Renly: Is he a ham? I LOLÂ´d.
Bolton: Creepy, with a low, smooth voice. Just as he should be.
Tywin being practical: I canÂ´t see him caring about smallfolk so much, but then he has a rep for running a tight ship, which to him might logically come first in his list of priorities. I do not think its a big deal for Arya to be a cup bearer a little faster. It moves the story along just fine. 
Shadow baby: ItÂ´s a fucking shadow baby!!! WhatÂ´s not to like.
493	Ghost714	2012-04-24	There are far too few episodes in this series to adequately cover the content of the books.  There is no suspense surrounding plot development.  The pacing and lack of continuity between story lines in the series is jarring.  The characters and their relationships appear superficial and come and go without much substance.  Everything feels rushed. It is hard to follow, and the dearth of available episodes causes all sorts of plot re-writes.  In short, it is a mess and the series deserved a lot better.	To the Producers:  We get it.  We don't need Roz flashing her tits every week or Renly and Ser Loras making out for 10 minutes.  These scenes could be handled much more quickly and with greater effectiveness while still getting the same point across.  Some of these scenes are just excruciatingly long and hard to watch (like the one with Roz beating the other girl).  Really?  Is sexual abuse/assault telling the story of Game of Thrones?  This stuff is jarring to the point where you lose the entire message of the scene.  In this case I don't think there was one that hadn't already been established multiple times before (i.e. Jeoffrey is an ass).I really do not know why they are rushing things so much, I just read an interview with D&D, and they said they were not going to do a season for every book. Meaning that it may take a season and a half, or even two seasons two cover everything in one or more of the books. D&D said they were just going to tell GRRM's story the best they can, no matter how many seasons it takes. So there is no requirement saying they have to get all of ACoK into season two, so I don't understand why they are rushing through so much important stuff. It really makes a lot of things seem forced. At the same time though, they are adding scenes that are not neccisary, and it's almost like when they do that, they are thinking "it's ok there is no rush". Yet they then cut down on all the important stuff, like they have to cover every book per season... I really just do not understand it.
494	Shienberg	2012-04-24	Terrible may be overstating... clunky and lazy writing. And if its a 'loving nod' to book fans, it feels more like a dismissive middle finger.Implicit within the book and tv series, is that Renly needs to keep his homesexuality on the down low to secure the Iron Throne. All those Houses aren't going to support someone who can't have a true heir (hence the political marriage to Margaery). Yes - There would be gossip, but it wouldn't be known at the other end of Westeros. Especially by two low born sentries. How would they even know who Loras is?Moreover, it just makes Westeros seem smaller and smaller. More Orange County with everyone knowing everyones business, and less of a medival continent in which information moves slowly and often incorrectly. This show, with its budgetary constraints, doesn't need another scene reinforcing how small everything is.I think one thing that people are forgetting when they say "lowly sentries wouldn't know..." is that everyone in the realm is pledged to a lord. Their lords are their only "celebrities" and they all serve someone and have nothing to do in their downtime except bang, drink and gossip. Basicly if anyone from house Lannister ever had a drink with anyonr from house Tyrell or Baratheon, they might learn the truth.
495	Ashas Globetrotter	2012-04-24	Hmmm... A bit ambiguous about this episode.. I agree  with ckal about cutting major scenes and dragging out others, like the Joffrey one, And the beginning, please just a little tast of battle?? and too much littlefinger, especially as I am not a lover of Aiden Gillen performance in this role. It seems like its really a priority for HBO to give him screen time, much more than i than in the book, at this point. But i guess they have a plot objective for it....
The parley was rushed, the shadow baby cool, but maybe should be a bit more subtle? However in my opinion they should have kept the order which is in the book. In the prebattle stage, I was really perplexed as to how this would turn out. Renly with his superior numbers, still there was a feeling of Stannis having a card up his sleeve. Still I was certain there would be a battle, and I was really taken unawares by the shadow scene. Now they are showing the shadow up front, and Renlys death is pretty much a given, furthermore, I`m afraid we are not even going to see it.
Tyrion and Lancel scene spot on, So is Bron; laughed out loud at the no cure for being a cunt-remark.
Great to have a introduction to Harrenhal and the characters, like Polliver and the tickler. 
The Mountain: to be renamed the beanstalk. I am very liberal to appearance compared to the books, but sorry; if it is really true that HBO decided that Conan Stevens didn`t work, we are looking at a casting tragedy. He is 7-2" and IS a mountain. The new guy has the height, but no more. Good to se Tywin though, Charles Dance is perfect.
Qarth scene-hmm. The qarthians looked like a mix of all sorts, expected them to look more middle-east.. The scene and dialog was not very good. Seemed like they prolonged the dialog to avoid showing the dragons, cause we used our special effects money on the Harrenhal and Qarth visuals-which by the way were fantastic. 
GOT-standard a medium ep i my view
496	Shienberg	2012-04-24	+1When we criticize, it's because we don't want to see this show tank because of the inconsistent, bad writing. I'd like to see GoT survive till the end of the series, which will be a decade away if we're lucky. If they're making it unwieldy, disjointed, and difficult to follow in the first half of season 2, what are non-readers going to do by the time Davos goes to Skagos and Tyrion is running around with The Golden Company?I totally agree with your concern about losing non book viewers as the plot gets more and more expansive. Especially when you get to Feast and Dance and there is massive amounts of story that doesn't involve Jon/Dany/Arya/Sana/Tyrion. I agree that they stumble sometimes trying to re-interpret such a massive story...But we should all remember that this is still by far the best show on tv...
497	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-24	Hmmm... A bit ambiguous about this episode.. I agree  with ckal about cutting major scenes and dragging out others, like the Joffrey one, And the beginning, please just a little tast of battle?? and too much littlefinger, especially as I am not a lover of Aiden Gillen performance in this role. It seems like its really a priority for HBO to give him screen time, much more than i than in the book, at this point. But i guess they have a plot objective for it....The parley was rushed, the shadow baby cool, but maybe should be a bit more subtle? However in my opinion they should have kept the order which is in the book. In the prebattle stage, I was really perplexed as to how this would turn out. Renly with his superior numbers, still there was a feeling of Stannis having a card up his sleeve. Still I was certain there would be a battle, and I was really taken unawares by the shadow scene. Now they are showing the shadow up front, and Renlys death is pretty much a given, furthermore, I`m afraid we are not even going to see it.Tyrion and Lancel scene spot on, So is Bron; laughed out loud at the no cure for being a cunt-remark.Great to have a introduction to Harrenhal and the characters, like Polliver and the tickler.The Mountain: to be renamed the beanstalk. I am very liberal to appearance compared to the books, but sorry; if it is really true that HBO decided that Conan Stevens didn`t work, we are looking at a casting tragedy. He is 7-2" and IS a mountain. The new guy has the height, but no more. Good to se Tywin though, Charles Dance is perfect.Qarth scene-hmm. The qarthians looked like a mix of all sorts, expected them to look more middle-east.. The scene and dialog was not very good. Seemed like they prolonged the dialog to avoid showing the dragons, cause we used our special effects money on the Harrenhal and Qarth visuals-which by the way were fantastic.GOT-standard a medium ep i my viewThe Mountain:  to be renamed the beanstalk. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> LOL!!!!!Conan Stevens personified the seething menace and brutality of Gregor Clegane.  I couldn't differentiate the new guy, whasisname, from the other Lannister thugs; and when I caught a glimpse of him, I thought that Sandor could knock him over with one hand.    Why on earth would they dump Stevens for this actor?
498	Shienberg	2012-04-24	Did anyone else think that it will be Nymeria and not Grey Wind to attak the Lannister men at the beggining? /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Yes! Wishful thinking I guess but I thought I was the only one...
499	boojam	2012-04-24	The Mountain:  to be renamed the beanstalk. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> LOL!!!!!Conan Stevens personified the seething menace and brutality of Gregor Clegane.  I couldn't differentiate the new guy, whasisname, from the other Lannister thugs; and when I caught a glimpse of him, I thought that Sandor could knock him over with one hand.    Why on earth would they dump Stevens for this actor?  Stevens was not dumped.He had a contractual obligation to Peter Jackson for the Hobbit that precluded him from working this season.He has said he would like to come back.In CoK the Mountain has his slash and burn tactics mentioned ,but his actual physical presence on the page is minimal in the novel.Why they didn't just have him off screen for this season is a puzzle.Just keep Ian Whyte for the White Walker stuff.I noticed in the Harrenhal scene we do see Ian Whyte for a little while tho  the camera angles seemed to be kind of hiding him, when Gendry is picked, I think we only hear a voice , I don't think we see him at all.He may vanish from the rest of the episodes.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 24 April 2012 - 05:15 AM.
500	boojam	2012-04-24	I really do not know why they are rushing things so much, I just read an interview with D&D, and they said they were not going to do a season for every book. Meaning that it may take a season and a half, or even two seasons two cover everything in one or more of the books. D&D said they were just going to tell GRRM's story the best they can, no matter how many seasons it takes. So there is no requirement saying they have to get all of ACoK into season two, so I don't understand why they are rushing through so much important stuff. It really makes a lot of things seem forced. At the same time though, they are adding scenes that are not neccisary, and it's almost like when they do that, they are thinking "it's ok there is no rush". Yet they then cut down on all the important stuff, like they have to cover every book per season... I really just do not understand it.I don't understand it either. It's my hunch that the unnecessary stuff is a marching order from HBO* and not D&D's idea.They only have 50 min. each week to work in a 'best effort' interpertation of the story and precious time is being wasted on stuff that neither adds nor advances the plot.*Does HBO notice a drop in viewership when they don't have have enough adult material.Seems to me there is enough 'in context' stuff to satisfy that fraction of the audience.
501	_Oberyn_	2012-04-24	i'm curious. How long was Melisandre's "gestation" in the book? In this chapter they made it seemed pretty short. Short, in the book there is two shadows only a few days apart.The problem is that I'm not sure the audience is going to take it that way. Someone like Joffrey, who actually has the power to carry out horrific acts, is going to be regarded as far more terrible than someone like Daenerys, who currently lacks the potential to burn cities to the ground. I do know a few show-only viewers who were perturbed but the majority weren't, and while that may count for little I suspect it's her current desperation that will lead a lot of viewers to give her a great deal of leeway.While the viewers are very casual and they can be forgiven for still watching the show expecting fairy tale structure, there is no excuse for the readers. If you want the princes to live happily ever after there is a thousand books out there that do just that, this is not one of them.
502	boojam	2012-04-24	i'm curious. How long was Melisandre's "gestation" in the book? In this chapter they made it seemed pretty short.I think in the book its all black magic, George gives no time frame, it could be instantaneous, after all R'hllor is involved.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 24 April 2012 - 05:33 AM.
503	DaveSumm	2012-04-24	Re: Gregor casting. People are saying it's a hard role to cast, surely it isn't because he has so few lines? Casting call: ANY ABSOLUTE BEEFCAKE. May need to grunt and look angry through a visor every now and then. Wields a two handed great sword with one hand? Wears armour that most men couldn't move in? This guy didn't look capable of any of these things.
504	boojam	2012-04-24	Watching again, I think the teleplay tried to punch up Dany's entrance into Qarth more than it needed to be.
More confrontational.
So in Dany I in CoK it is Pyat Pree, Xaro Xhoan Daxos,and Quaithe who come to Vaes Tolorro to see both Dany and the dragons , the decision had already been made to let Dany and her crew into Qarth.
In Dany II , CoK, she rides into the city with Drogon on her shoulder.
So that whole confrontation at the gates could have been avoided. Rewriting the story here for the teleplay would have been just fine.
The powers of city had already decided to give her sanctuary and protection, so nobody was going to steal her dragons.
So if I had been writing that scene, and the 'spice merchant' asked to see a dragon, pop out Drogon, everyone would have gone WHOA! She would have waltzed right in.
The spice merchant's (was he one of the 13?) already knew she was Daenerys Targaryen, but no need to follow the exact narrative of the novel, just the spirit of the scene, I think that would have been more effective.
(By the by Dany not being able to ride into Qarth on her Sliver is a bummer, that was nice visual construct by George in the book. More the puzzle about the 'Silver' thing.)
505	Inigo	2012-04-24	First of all, I am baffled by the people complaining about people complaining. We all love the books, and are entitled to our opinion. The show isn't perfect and there is nothing wrong with people saying so. Some of the decisions made by the producers are necessary due to budget etc, others are confusing/frustrating and I see no problem talking about it . Just because you like something doesn't mean everyone else has to, and when people feel as passionatley about a subject as they do about this series they wont, and dont have to accept something they feel falls short of the quality the book deserves. Some people are too harsh on the adaption and expect it to be exactly the same as the books and others would accept anything because they feel they are just lucky to have the books made into a tv show.
This was by far my favourite episode of the second series .  Was very worried after the first three, with last weeks episode being by far the worst in both series imo. Loved the first season, but this one was starting to make me wish the show hadn't been adapted to tv, and was also really turning off many of the viewers I know, some who have read the book and others who haven't.  Thankfully this episode has restored my faith and I am back to being excited by the show.
This may have been Tyrions best episode,  Bronn had the quote of the night, Harrenhal looked great, I also enjoyed the Qarth scene and dont think the dragons were needed.
I can see why people thought the Joff scene was unnecessary and it did have an element of beating you over the head with something that should already be clear. Having said that, discussing it with the people I watched it with, one said that Joffs cruelty towards Sansa could be because of his anger at Robb, but this scene showed that he is sadistic and cruel whenever the opportunity presents itself.
Overall, very good episode.
506	Silverx2	2012-04-24	Absolutely. Yes, there will always be idiots whining about the 7" tall guy not being big enough, but most of the criticism that has been about the writing is perfectly legitimate. Those who are upset by that should probably find another forum to frequent... I mean what is this forum for anyway, to spam threads about how awesome and perfect everything is? /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />the guy from season 1 looked like he really could cut a horses head off, This guy looks like he could barely lift a sword, his armor hangs off him like xmas lights on a tree.
507	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	I haven't read through all 26 pages of discussion but surely I'm not the only person who thought that Dany was played by the Qartheen and that Xaro vs. Merchant of Spices was a good cop vs. bad cop play? 
I didn't think we needed to see the dragons, it was interesting to see how show!Dany does without them.
508	birdsong66	2012-04-24	I am completely on the fence regarding this episode.  It would seem, with only the inclusion of exact lines of dialogue from the novels, that HBOASoIaF is becoming a distinctly different animal.  I'm not a fanatical novel-purist, but at some point one has to wonder about the butterfly effect many of these alterations to the original will have.Is there any possible way to balance out the egregious level of female nudity with male nudity, not exclusive to that of the Renly/Loras variety?  I'm mean, fair is fair, is it not?  The female on female variety now boarders on redundant.  It's not even interesting enough to bore me, antlered septer or no.  He's a psychopath....yes, thank you...before I was unclear about his lack of marshmallow center and gooey goodness....I've got that straight now.Margery:  Julia Child called, she wants her funnel back, so I guess you'll have to find an idle cheese grater to fashion into a fascinating ensemble.Nurse Volantis:  Just, no.  Please do not tell me that we're traveling down this road with Robb and Volantis.  Is this not the same storyline available to the masses devoted to daytime soap operas?  Throw in star crossed lovers and we're off to Young and the Restless territory.Davos does not want you, Melisandre.  He is revolted by you.  He is a better man than Stannis.  WTF?LF?  What.  The.  Fuck.Just, whatever, for pretty much the entire thing, IMO.
509	BlackTalon	2012-04-24	That Brotherhood question is sure to confuse a lot of viewers ... would it have been so hard to let the Tickler ask: "Where are the men of Lord Beric's brotherhood/outlaw troop?" , that would have tied it to the scene in King's Landing where Ned sends lord Beric off after the Mountain.
That guy is a total Steve McQueen lookalike, BTW
510	Morrigan	2012-04-24	This is another area that initially has me rolling my eyes, but also crossing my fingers.  Yeah, no question this character is horribly misplaced and a grand cliche.  However I am going to try to accept some of her as she is and maybe it will grow on us; I can give the benefit of the doubt and hope this works out.  Then again, I said the same thing about Shea and that turned out to be a huge misfire.[...]Train. Wreck.  I stated it before- the writers/producers said that they met the woman who is playing Shea and they immediately loved her.  She was older had a different accent and then they decided, almost on a whime, to change the character to fit the actress.  The result?  Its not working, and its not just because this woman's acting is ... uhm... different... they kept the original Shea's story lines but have shoved that Shea's dialog into this Shea's mouth and its utterly unbelievable.  The prodcuers thought they did not need to recreate Shea; just explain away the accent and the age etc and it would work.  It has not.  And everytime she talks I am reminded how much its not working.Shae. Shae. Shae. Shae.Repeat after me. Shae.(Sorry. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />)So what?All of you are going to watch the Season to the End.Even it is the biggest piece of trash you will watch it, only because you can say what all was wrong.I have no problem with the changes, or Characters like Ros or Shae (the Actress is very good in Germany). I have read the first 4 Books, but I am not a Book-Maniac, like a lot of the people here.PS: Sorry for the poor English /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />What a trite, useless post.This is discussion forum, people. If you have a problem with people discussing the series, then what the hell are you doing here?
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 24 April 2012 - 10:53 AM.
511	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-24	Just one question... I thought the books indicated that Xaro was fair skinned... but in the show he is black?  Is that right?  Not that I care one way or the other, i'm just worried if i am getting my characters confused.
					
					
							Edited by Anduin Lothar, 24 April 2012 - 11:53 AM.
512	Lannes	2012-04-24	That Brotherhood question is sure to confuse a lot of viewers ... would it have been so hard to let the Tickler ask: "Where are the men of Lord Beric's brotherhood/outlaw troop?" , that would have tied it to the scene in King's Landing where Ned sends lord Beric off after the Mountain.That guy is a total Steve McQueen lookalike, BTWTotally agree and I'm at a total loss as to why they did that scene that way. Brotherhood who???Hell, my wife, who read ACOK a few years ago, is getting confused watching the series....Except for Roz....Everytime she comes on screen, my wife says, "OK, she's the one NOT in the books, right?" /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
513	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	Just one question... I thought the books indicated that Xaro was fair skinned... but in the show he is black?  Is that right?  Not that I care one way or the other, i'm just worried if i am getting my characters confused.That's right. I also think that the actor was perfectly cast.
514	Morrigan	2012-04-24	Xaro Xhoan Daxos was a pale Qartheen, yes, and the show changed him to be a Summer Islander who lives (and rules as part of the Thirteen) in Qarth. So far he has played the part nicely, and I don't think such a minor character's ethnicity was relevant so that's not a problem to me.
515	Dr. Killjoy	2012-04-24	What a trite, useless post.This is discussion forum, people. If you have a problem with people discussing the series, then what the hell are you doing here?Reading. Learning. Laughing.
516	So1ar	2012-04-24	Just one question... I thought the books indicated that Xaro was fair skinned... but in the show he is black?  Is that right?  Not that I care one way or the other, i'm just worried if i am getting my characters confused.I like the actor playing him, but in the books he is as white as snow.
517	Ghost714	2012-04-24	I am completely on the fence regarding this episode.  It would seem, with only the inclusion of exact lines of dialogue from the novels, that HBOASoIaF is becoming a distinctly different animal.  I'm not a fanatical novel-purist, but at some point one has to wonder about the butterfly effect many of these alterations to the original will have.Is there any possible way to balance out the egregious level of female nudity with male nudity, not exclusive to that of the Renly/Loras variety?  I'm mean, fair is fair, is it not?  The female on female variety now boarders on redundant.  It's not even interesting enough to bore me, antlered septer or no.  He's a psychopath....yes, thank you...before I was unclear about his lack of marshmallow center and gooey goodness....I've got that straight now.Margery:  Julia Child called, she wants her funnel back, so I guess you'll have to find an idle cheese grater to fashion into a fascinating ensemble.Nurse Volantis:  Just, no.  Please do not tell me that we're traveling down this road with Robb and Volantis.  Is this not the same storyline available to the masses devoted to daytime soap operas?  Throw in star crossed lovers and we're off to Young and the Restless territory.Davos does not want you, Melisandre.  He is revolted by you.  He is a better man than Stannis.  WTF?LF?  What.  The.  Fuck.Just, whatever, for pretty much the entire thing, IMO.Just because Davos does not like Melisandre, that does not mean he can't be physically attracted to her. Any guy with eyes would be attracted to Melisandre, she is beautiful, mysterious, and very powerful. Hell even a lot of woman would be attracted to Melisandre, so I have no problem with that scene at all.And there is never going to be the same amount of male nudity, to female nudity. It's not like this show is the first show to be "unfair", that's how it is with almost any show or movie. Male viewers just have more of a desire to see female nudity, and not nearly as many females want to see male nudity. Just like how guys as a whole watch porn more than woman as a whole, and I actually think it can be argued that there is quite a bit of male nudity in this show, way more so than a lot of other shows. I know it's not near as much as the female nudity, but that's just the way of the world.I also think you should give the Robb love story some more time before you judge it. Most like she was Jeyne Westerling, pretending to be a nobody from Volantis.I do agree about the butterfly effect, and I have the same belief as GRRM, when it comes to an adaptation, you should stick to the source material as much as possible. The show should not be something completely different than the books, GRRM has even said if you can't stick with the original story, then don't make the adaptation, write your own story. And that's what I don't understand, GRRM ultimately has no control over the show, if they want to make a drastic change, he has no power to stop them. Yet when GRRM agreed to let them do the show, he expressed that it was his wishes for them to stick to the original story as much as possible, and D&D are big fans of the books and GRRM, so I thought that they would try and respect GRRM's wishes, as best as they could. The first season was so good, because they stuck to the books very closely, I don't understand why they changed so much for season two. Most of the changes to the first season were bugetory reasons, and that is completely understandable, but the changes in season two are ridiculous. For the record, I am not talking about condensing Arya's story, and stuff like that, we all know which changes have been ridiculous and pointless. If they are making so many changes now, then I really fear for the future story, because there is going to be so much butterfly effect, that they will be forced to make huge changes down the road, even if they don't neccisarily want to, because they made so many pointless changes already.
518	legba11	2012-04-24	On Dany and her dragons.  That scene was a power play.  Fatty Spice wanted to make her completely submissive to their will.  She didn't want to give up the only power she has (which is the wonder of her dragons, they serve no other purpose right now).  If she gives in to him, she is a beggar queen with some cool pets.  She has no martial forces (2 bloodriders and an aging knight), she has no money, she has no followers (worth anything).  She digs in her heels and refuses and it works.  XX sees potential in a queen with dragons, as a trophy wife and perhaps more.  He decides she is worth taking a risk on.
On the knowledge of Catelyn.  She was working around.  She made a scene in the middle of a tournament.  Every single person (100,000) in Renly's camp knows she is there.  If Varys does not have an informer amongst that army, he is the worst spy master in the history of the world.  This is a man who knows the movements of a boy and girl on the other continent, is it possible he doesn't know about major player publicly appearing in his enemy's camp a week's ride away?  I guess it's possible in a world where the most powerful Lady on the continent (there is no lady Lannister, so Lady Stark clearly gets that title) doesn't know that the heir to the throne was born and died.
519	elshaggy	2012-04-24	Harrenhall looked phenomenal.  So much creepier and haunted than I had imagined.  The scenes inside we're spot on to how I expected them to look.  It's a bummer about the Mountain but I can't say I'm upset.  
I had a feeling the episode would end in the shadow birth and leave viewers hanging on there.  That scene also rocked.  This was my favorite episode this season, but I think they will keep getting better as we move towards Blackwater!
520	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	Xaro Xhoan Daxos was a pale Qartheen, yes, and the show changed him to be a Summer Islander who lives (and rules as part of the Thirteen) in Qarth. So far he has played the part nicely, and I don't think such a minor character's ethnicity was relevant so that's not a problem to me.Yeah, I actually liked that. It was a bit of the external influencing the internal I think, what with people asking in season one "where are the black people?" Well, the Summer Islands are where they'd be, so it works for me.
521	Ghost714	2012-04-24	I'm glad they reigned in the Sansa scene...reading about it is fine, but seeing a kid beaten, even though its fake, makes me squirm.  Maybe because I have nieces Sansa's age, or I'm just gettign old, but her beating scenes break my heart.That's the point, our hearts are suppose to break for poor Sansa, that's why I don't think the scene should be downplayed. GRRM is so great at making everything seem so real, the good and the bad, and that's part of what makes his story so great.
522	birdsong66	2012-04-24	Just because Davos does not like Melisandre, that does not mean he can't be physically attracted to her. Any guy with eyes would be attracted to Melisandre, she is beautiful, mysterious, and very powerful. Hell even a lot of woman would be attracted to Melisandre, so I have no problem with that scene at all.No.  The point of the Davos character as it relates to Melisandre, and R'hlor, is to act/appear the character foil to Stannis.  Despite his disreputable past, Davos remains more independent, in thought and religious faith, than Stannis, and thus, more honorable, loyal, etc.  The attraction to Melisandre is and HBO thing, and a very specific departure from ASoIaF, though not that cataclysmic, overall.I've always thought that the novels had very deliberate character foils built in:  Jon/Robb/Joffrey, Tyrion/Jaime, Cercei/Catelyn, Sansa/Arya/Margery, Ned/Robert, Varys/LF, the list goes on.  So, when small adjustments are made for HBO viewer sake, I wonder what the butterfly effect will be, and while the "attraction" Davos is given for Melisandre in the show is easily a minimal adjustment, it is the minimal adjustments that will allow for more dramatic changes in the future.The end result will be an adaptation of the novels, which may or may not be as satisfying as an exact replication.  So, we wait and see.And, no, I will not wait to judge the Robb/Nurse Volantis scenario.  It's trite, and worse, predictable, both of which are decidedly not in GRRM's wheelhouse.YMMV.Of course, I'm still gonna watch because HBO done got me by the balls. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
523	birdsong66	2012-04-24	I understand, but how graphic do you want to make a kid getting beaten on TV, even if it is cable TV?Well, how graphic are the sexpositions?  How graphic was the subsequent whore beating scene which, lest anyone forget, was demanded by what we would consider a child?Some would argue that a graphic beating scene involving Sansa would be too graphic, perhaps even offensive?  But beating a nameless whore?  That doesn't say much for the level of humanity watching, now does it?I'm just spitballing here, mind you....
524	chris_warrior	2012-04-24	(and if they're end up showing the Boltons flaying anyone alive - Kyra or Theon, etc. I will probably not buy the dvd; there's only so much violence and torture I can stomach; I had to fast-forward past the Tickler and rat sequences in this episode)seconded. though i already posted about it, it bears repeating.
525	smidget25	2012-04-24	That's the point, our hearts are suppose to break for poor Sansa, that's why I don't think the scene should be downplayed. GRRM is so great at making everything seem so real, the good and the bad, and that's part of what makes his story so great.Yeah but the actress is actually a child. They can't show it.
526	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-24	Im more disgusted with the baby killing scene in the 1st episode and even the 2nd episode where they leave the baby to the white-walkers than the child beating.  Sansa, gave away her fathers plans and got him killed.  I am having a hard time sympathizing for her.
					
					
							Edited by Anduin Lothar, 24 April 2012 - 02:42 PM.
527	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-24	What a trite, useless post.This is discussion forum, people. If you have a problem with people discussing the series, then what the hell are you doing here?Pot... Kettle... Black...you're not exactly opening up the dialogue is all I'm trying to say. Some purist arguments are valid, others aren't. Some apologists' arguments are valid, others aren't. No need to tell people they shouldn't be here. This stand-still rhetoric gets on my nerves a little. From both sides.
528	Apoapsis	2012-04-24	Totally agree and I'm at a total loss as to why they did that scene that way. Brotherhood who???Hell, my wife, who read ACOK a few years ago, is getting confused watching the series....I don't think there's any requirement for the viewers to understand everything right away just because it's TV. They even have Gendry saying that he doesn't know what the Brotherhood is, to drive home the point that the characters doesn't understand it either (yet).
529	Ghost714	2012-04-24	Yeah but the actress is actually a child. They can't show it.They did show it? So how do you think they "can't" show it? Sure Ser Meryn Trant smacked Sansa more than once with the flat of his sword in the books, but they still showed him punching her in the abdomen, and smacking her once. Would it really be that much worse to show him smacking her a handful of times? I think the reason why they didn't show it all was because it would take more time, not because they "can't" show it. Sansa is played by a 16 year old, it's really not that bad, considering they showed a guy sticking a sword through Lommy Greenhands neck, and he seemed way younger than Sansa. They also showed Arya(a young girl) stabbing the stable boy in season one. So again, I don't think that it was something they were not able to do, because they have showed worse, and they did show Sansa getting beaten up, it just wasn't as long as in the books. Most likely because they wanted to save time for Joffery's whore abuse scene.Is showing a girl getting beaten up, and smacked with a sword worse than showing kids getting stabbed to death by a sword, especially when one of those times was a kid stabbing another kid.I know they can't show Sansa getting her gown fully ripped off from the waste up, like in the books, because Sophie Turner is not 18 yet, but I do think they can show her getting beaten.
530	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-24	Stevens was not dumped.He had a contractual obligation to Peter Jackson for the Hobbit that precluded him from working this season.He has said he would like to come back.In CoK the Mountain has his slash and burn tactics mentioned ,but his actual physical presence on the page is minimal in the novel.Why they didn't just have him off screen for this season is a puzzle.Just keep Ian Whyte for the White Walker stuff.I noticed in the Harrenhal scene we do see Ian Whyte for a little while tho  the camera angles seemed to be kind of hiding him, when Gendry is picked, I think we only hear a voice , I don't think we see him at all.He may vanish from the rest of the episodes.I can certainly forgive Mr. Stevens for running off to New Zealand to play a goblin or whatever; I can't wait to see The Hobbit.  But I hope he'll return to Westeros when he's done threatening filming the movies; I would be horrified if my darling Oberyn Martell would be killed by the willowy Mr. Whyte.  Of course, at the rate that the AGOT directors/writers are changing and consolidating characters, the Red Viper may not appear at all /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  or he might be a redhaired 20-year-old.  With freckles.  (nothing wrong with redhaired freckled 20-year-old boys, I have fond memories of one, but that's not Oberyn Martell!)At least Tywin showed up.  Casting Charles Dance in the role was a master-stroke, thank you very much, AGOT directors! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> It will be nice to see Arya less grubby next time; at least I assume she'll be bathed and given new clothes; Tywin Lannister would expect clean waitstaff.
531	Ghost714	2012-04-24	I don't think there's any requirement for the viewers to understand everything right away just because it's TV. They even have Gendry saying that he doesn't know what the Brotherhood is, to drive home the point that the characters doesn't understand it either (yet).I agree, the audience can figure it out as time goes on. After they figure it out, when the rewatch episode 14, they will say " oh that's what that was about" etc... There was a bunch of things that I did not get at first in the books, and that's what made the rereads so enjoyable. There more you get to know the material, the more you see how connected and complex everything is. So I have no problem with the show not spelling out everything at first, because the books did not do that either.
532	Leto Atreides	2012-04-24	Is anyone else worried about the Hound so far in the serie? It seems like they are nearly killing all his scenes.
The scene in Game of Thrones where the Hound explains to Sansa what happened to his face was given to LF. His reactions to Joffrey beating Sansa are also missing.
I'm starting to wonder if his relationship with Sansa has been left out of the serie.
533	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	So do you guys reckon the Jaime/Brienne thing is going to be brought forward? The way LF proposed it to Cat, it seems to be not that far off. The plan is going through Cat's mind now...
Perhaps the "man of no honor" of episode 7 refers to Jaime (AND Theon)? Brienne likes drawing attention to his kingslaying past so this title sounds like something she'd say to him.
534	Buckwheat	2012-04-24	Most likely because they wanted to save time for Joffery's whore abuse scene.I agree with everything you said in this post, especially with that. And I do not like it. Those naked scenes are going too far.Is anyone else worried about the Hound so far in the serie? It seems like they are nearly killing all his scenes.The scene in Game of Thrones where the Hound explains to Sansa what happened to his face was given to LF. His reactions to Joffrey beating Sansa are also missing.I'm starting to wonder if his relationship with Sansa has been left out of the serie.Yup, that concerning. Although, I would point ou a little, but maybe significant difference from the books: in the books, Sandor only throws his white cloak to the floor, Sansa picks it up and covers herself with it. In the series, he comes to her and puts the cloak around her shoulders himself. There might be still a chance for them.In this scene, it was very obvious that the floor in the throne room is very dirty - have they not invented brooms in Westeros yet?
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 24 April 2012 - 04:12 PM.
535	Buckwheat	2012-04-24	As for the sex scenes, yes, they can be too graphic, especially Ros' Girl-Girl Extravaganza from Season One.  But, to me it doesn't effect me like watching a little girl getting cuffed.  Just old-fashioned, I s'pose.Really? I felt terrible for Sansa getting beaten and stripped in the throne room, I really did. But the scene with Joff abusing two prostitutes and the torture in Harrenhal were equally sick. I could not say one made me feel worse than another.So do you guys reckon the Jaime/Brienne thing is going to be brought forward? The way LF proposed it to Cat, it seems to be not that far off. The plan is going through Cat's mind now...Actually, Petyr spelled it out for her /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.Does anyone else think it illogical that Petyr would carry Ned's bones south with him to Renly's place?
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 24 April 2012 - 04:19 PM.
536	The Monkey	2012-04-24	Actually, Petyr spelled it out for her /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.Does anyone else think it illogical that Petyr would carry Ned's bones south with him to Renly's place?The Spider probably told him Catelyn would be there.
537	Buckwheat	2012-04-24	The Spider probably told him Catelyn would be there.He certainly knew she would be there, Tyrion sent him there just to talk to her. But it would be more practical to send the bones straight North without carrying them across half the continent.
538	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	Actually, Petyr spelled it out for her /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />.Yeah but now she's gonna flea back to Robb's camp with that idea freshly implanted in her mind. I think she's gonna release him straight away.
539	Sound_of_winter	2012-04-24	If you guys are disturbed by Joffreys scene.....what will you do about Ramsey's scenes? O__o
540	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-24	I'm worried if the Volantis Nurse doesn't end up being Jeyne Westerling, the whole Red Wedding plot could be altered by the writers.  However, in reality, I do not think GRRM will allow them to severely change one of the most important events of the next book (ASoS).
541	boojam	2012-04-24	I'm worried if the Volantis Nurse doesn't end up being Jeyne Westerling, the whole Red Wedding plot could be altered by the writers.  However, in reality, I do not think GRRM will allow them to severely change one of the most important events of the next book (ASoS).It's a puzzle right now, George has a good narrative in the novel , counting human passions, a logical dramatic line, adaptation needed, but not violence to the story narrative.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 24 April 2012 - 07:16 PM.
542	Keegan	2012-04-24	Agreed 1000%.  People are having trouble with the added scenes of Joffrey being cruel and misogynistic, because they're admittedly jarring and hard to watch; but they're missing the point... those scenes are *SUPPOSED* to be jarring and hard to watch.But it seems to ALWAYS be Ross and SEX!HBO has to find a way to include a sex scene or it is not HBO.It is all forced, and bad writing.
543	Grail King	2012-04-24	Sandor is the nearest thing to a "true knight" that Sansa has met.  They wont get together romantically but I could see them both serving the Seven.I hope not, I don't believe they will be ever after, but I do see him dying for her, as for Sansa I want that girl to take it all or be the reason her home and family continue on, not becoming a religious figure but if religion is to be her fate it will be with the old gods, she's her father's daughter.
544	Ghost714	2012-04-24	I'm worried if the Volantis Nurse doesn't end up being Jeyne Westerling, the whole Red Wedding plot could be altered by the writers.  However, in reality, I do not think GRRM will allow them to severely change one of the most important events of the next book (ASoS).GRRM gives them advise and stuff when they want it, and they let him write an episode every season, I believe, but ultimately he has no control over something, if they want to change it, he can't stop them. That's why I really wish GRRM would have required some control over the show, when he agreed to let them do it. GRRM did say though, that it was his wish for the to stick to the books as closely as possible, when he agreed to let them do the show, and D&D made it seem like they would honor his wish, as best as they could. That's why I think GRRM allowed them to do the show, because it's not like they were the only people wanting to do it or anything. Also D&D have always said they are big fans of aSoIaF, so I think GRRM thought that would help with them staying faithful to the books. All of that, is why I do not understand why they are making so many unnecessary changes, it baffles me.
545	Baitac	2012-04-24	I said it before, but I thought that the shadow baby looked like a dementor as it took off.
546	BLU-RAY	2012-04-24	Oh, man.  The Grantland reviewer who covers this show really likes Renly. This might not go well next week. Heh.
547	Sound_of_winter	2012-04-24	Why was Arya staring at Tywins sword? Was the hilt a lion? I couldn't see it properly. I assumed it was that or the sword was ice.
548	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	She was staring at Polliver, who had Needle.
549	littleayrastark	2012-04-24	I really liked the episode. It went by really fast, so much so that I was genuinely surprised when it ended. There seems to be a lot of discussion and controversy, rightly so, about the Joffrey and the whores scene. It was certainly disturbing but if you think about it it wasn't really graphic. Most is left up to the imagination of the viewer to fill in the blanks after the cut away. I've kind of been of two minds myself about it as well. One, it did seem overly long. But, it also showed the viewers (again without any blood or gore) what a psychopath Joffrey is. Even though we all knew he was a bit of a sick puppy, but his reaction to the women in his room was completely different from what any of us, and certainly Tyrion (who would not send whores in if he knew what would go down) expected.Maureen Ryan at Huffpost TV broke down the scene brilliantly and explained why it was so disturbing. She says it better than I can:As for Joffrey, we already knew he was a sick sadist, but the scene with the prostitutes gave us yet another reason to store up our own hatred for this murderous brat. "Game of Thrones" has gotten a lot of crap for its "sexposition" and its affinity for boobs, but I'd like to point out that this scene was not exploitative of the female characters in the least. In fact, it did what some other scenes in the show haven't done: It took us inside the experience the women were having, and it made us feel their emotions and reactions. The women weren't mere objects in the scene, they were human beings for whom I felt sympathy and pity. This scene wasn't about sex or nudity (and there was very little of either); this was about Joffrey's despicable need to exercise the very worst kind of power over others, and one can only begin, like other characters in this tale, to pray for the day that his head is separated from his body. What bothers us so much is that these women are not just boobs and a vagina with a head stuck on, they are people. Despite the fact that Ros is somewhat unpopular, she is a character that we know a lot about and even care a bit about (at least when something like this happens to her). We know she used to schtup Theon, she came to KL to make it big as a back-alley-Sally, she was extremely upset about the baby killing. And now what she, and the other girl who we last saw with Pycell, thought was an easy job deflowering a teenager turns into a nightmare.This episode was about the little people in the realm and how all this war, upheaval, and general shittiness is affecting them. Contrast Sansa sweeping out of the throne room with her ladies after being saved by Tyrion with the whores; no one was coming the save them. Even Littlefinger, who was away, would only be upset at the loss of revenue. The big players planned battles, or set in their castles while the peasants were being tortured and murdered at Harrenhal. The scene with Robb and SassyNurse! (standing in for Jeyne Westerling) was heavy handed but she was right. Most of the soldiers in this war aren't valiantly fighting to see their sisters released while seeking vengence for the murder of their father. Some of them are knights but a lot of them are just fishermen, farmers or tradesman who don't have anything to do with the aristocracy and the game of thrones.Its been awhile since I read ACOK but I really remember getting the feeling from the book that war is just bad, it doesn't matter who is fighting it or why, it is just bad. Not to say that there aren't reasons that sometimes we have to fight. Joffrey is a sadistic psychopath who shouldn't be in any position of power. He gets out from under his mother's thumb and him torturing a couple whores is going to be the least of everyone's problems.Oh and Melisandre's shadowbaby was awesome. The whole Renly/Stannis/Davos/Melisandre plotline was great this week. "Is he a ham?"
					
					
							Edited by littleayrastark, 24 April 2012 - 10:52 PM.
550	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-25	I really liked the episode. It went by really fast, so much so that I was genuinely surprised when it ended. There seems to be a lot of discussion and controversy, rightly so, about the Joffrey and the whores scene. It was certainly disturbing but if you think about it it wasn't really graphic. Most is left up to the imagination of the viewer to fill in the blanks after the cut away. I've kind of been of two minds myself about it as well. One, it did seem overly long. But, it also showed the viewers (again without any blood or gore) what a psychopath Joffrey is. Even though we all knew he was a bit of a sick puppy, but his reaction to the women in his room was completely different from what any of us, and certainly Tyrion (who would not send whores in if he knew what would go down) expected.Maureen Ryan at Huffpost TV broke down the scene brilliantly and explained why it was so disturbing. She says it better than I can:As for Joffrey, we already knew he was a sick sadist, but the scene with the prostitutes gave us yet another reason to store up our own hatred for this murderous brat. "Game of Thrones" has gotten a lot of crap for its "sexposition" and its affinity for boobs, but I'd like to point out that this scene was not exploitative of the female characters in the least. In fact, it did what some other scenes in the show haven't done: It took us inside the experience the women were having, and it made us feel their emotions and reactions. The women weren't mere objects in the scene, they were human beings for whom I felt sympathy and pity. This scene wasn't about sex or nudity (and there was very little of either); this was about Joffrey's despicable need to exercise the very worst kind of power over others, and one can only begin, like other characters in this tale, to pray for the day that his head is separated from his body. What bothers us so much is that these women are not just boobs and a vagina with a head stuck on, they are people. Despite the fact that Ros is somewhat unpopular, she is a character that we know a lot about and even care a bit about (at least when something like this happens to her). We know she used to schtup Theon, she came to KL to make it big as a back-alley-Sally, she was extremely upset about the baby killing. And now what she, and the other girl who we last saw with Pycell, thought was an easy job deflowering a teenager turns into a nightmare.This episode was about the little people in the realm and how all this war, upheaval, and general shittiness is affecting them. Contrast Sansa sweeping out of the throne room with her ladies after being saved by Tyrion with the whores; no one was coming the save them. Even Littlefinger, who was away, would only be upset at the loss of revenue. The big players planned battles, or set in their castles while the peasants were being tortured and murdered at Harrenhal. The scene with Robb and SassyNurse! (standing in for Jeyne Westerling) was heavy handed but she was right. Most of the soldiers in this war aren't valiantly fighting to see their sisters released while seeking vengence for the murder of their father. Some of them are knights but a lot of them are just fishermen, farmers or tradesman who don't have anything to do with the aristocracy and the game of thrones.Its been awhile since I read ACOK but I really remember getting the feeling from the book that war is just bad, it doesn't matter who is fighting it or why, it is just bad. Not to say that there aren't reasons that sometimes we have to fight. Joffrey is a sadistic psychopath who shouldn't be in any position of power. He gets out from under his mother's thumb and him torturing a couple whores is going to be the least of everyone's problems.Oh and Melisandre's shadowbaby was awesome. The whole Renly/Stannis/Davos/Melisandre plotline was great this week. "Is he a ham?"I'm not sure that Maureen Ryan saw the same Garden of Bones as I did.  Or maybe our perception varies so much as to make an accurate consensus impossible.  I saw plenty of nudity in the episode, and more oral sex than I wanted to see on television.  As for Sansa being untouchable and the whores being far more vulnerable, I would say that Sansa is in greater danger on a day-to-day basis - if something happens to Jaime Lannister, Cersei might well decide to let Joffrey kill Sansa.  At least in the books, Sansa never knew which day she would be subject to beatings from the Kingsguard on Joffrey's whim.  And she was utterly terrified, and about to be hurt, possibly badly; and it's not certain that Sansa would be rescued again if Joffrey becomes annoyed with her; Tyrion does not make any long-term changes to Sansa's situation; and he's not always going to necessarily charge in at the right moment.  Roz and the other whores  presumably have the option of going to another city if they have enough coin to relocate; and not all of their clients are sadists on the level of Joffrey.  Which isn't to say that Sansa hasn't had an easy life, compared to Roz, before Ned Stark died, but at the moment Sansa's existence is quite stressful and subject to danger.  And I didn't read ASoIaF to read about the lives and struggles of prostitutes.  I was interested in Chataya and Alayaya, because GRRM wrote them well; and also knew not to make Alayaya the omnipresent prostitute who services Theon, tries to service Jon Snow, services Pycelle and is King Joffrey's nameday present.  I don't want to see Roz and her companion abused by Joffrey, because they don't deserve it; but that does not mean I want to see a continuing plot thread about the lives of prostitutes, or just Roz, in the entire series.  Shae, in the books, was a well-drawn character seen from Tyrion's perspective; which made her more interesting than she probably was.  There are many other major and minor characters in ASoIaF who show the inhumanity of war and the evil of which humans are capable all too frequently.  I would have rather seen more scenes with the innkeeper of the Inn at the Crossroads, the woman who is a capable innkeeper, managing a fairly profitable business, and then murdered by Tywin Lannister for having allowed Catelyn Stark to snatch Tyrion (as if the innkeeper could have prevented an armed company from seizing him) - a ghastly incident that takes place off-camera but is still haunting - than more Roz scenes.There's no question that War is Hell, and Westerosi war is painful, unpleasant and fatal for a lot of people, including many  peasants, farmers, etc. who have no interest in playing the game of thrones but who are caught up in it.  But it came out very cliched when the Volantene Florence Nightengale was lecturing Robb Stark about it.  Why not have Catelyn, who, as an older person and a mother, might have sympathy for all these boys who are going to die for her son, tell Robb the same thing, so he will at least throw away the cannon fodder's lives less easily?  I just don't think this gal would have lasted too long as a battlefield nurse in Westeros if she made a habit of lecturing generals who are also feudal lords about the Evils of War.  She was right, of course, but her words and attitude sounded far more abrasive than a young woman of Westeros would think of using on meeting the King of the North.  It wasn't a terrible episode by any means, but it just showed me that the television show is slipping farther away from the original story than I would like.  But at least for the moment, I can live with that, though I do (and probably will continue to) grumble about it.And I did love Renly's line Is he a ham /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> .  Poor Renly.  Without him, there will be no one to try to convince Stannis to get over himself.
551	pleonasm	2012-04-25	Even though we all knew he was a bit of a sick puppy, but his reaction to the women in his room was completely different from what any of us, and certainly Tyrion (who would not send whores in if he knew what would go down) expected.I have a couple of issues with the scene.I still feel its unnecessary given we had just witnessed him excercising some sadist tendencies, albeit sans the sodomy, with Sansa in a scene directly preceding this one. Yes - His motivation is different in the 2nd scene, but it over arching purpose is very similiar... demonstrate how wicked Joffrey is. Yes, there is now a direct sexual component to his sadism, but it was implicit in the previous scene with Sansa. Given how many characters and interesting subplots have been eliminated for time, one scene is really all that is needed. It's my same complaint with the Tyrion/Lancel scene. I've already seen Tyrion masterfully workover the small council in the previous episode. The entire scene with Lancel, if its even necessary, could have been shortened considerably. I'd argue the original Martin inspired Sansa scene is more effective as it also provides insight into the characters of Sansa (growing inner strength), Tyrion (his general compassion for those in jeopardy) at the same time, even if it is tamer - less violent and less T&A.Two - It's not a particulary interesting insight into Joffrey character. We all know he is becoming increaingly unhinged and more of a sociopath. This has been demonstrated in every scene he has been in with the exception of Robert's deathbed scene - every single one! In contrast to Cersei who has become well rounded character in the series vs. the books, Joffrey has been written as a one note villian. Would it not have been more interesting to see him paralyzed with fear (after all - we haven't seen any evidence Joffrey has any sexual experience), or perhaps show his evolution to a sexual sadist (if it is really necessary to even go there)?  As written, it is what it is. Joffrey is cruel and a sadist. But I already knew that.Another poster pointed out this highlighted a reason why the Tyrell's would want Joffrey assasinated. It's an interesting idea, but it only works if the Tyrell's would know about the incident and if it clear its not motivated to piss off Tyrion, but rather Joffrey, like Reek, has some disturbing sexual proclivities.
					
					
							Edited by pleonasm, 25 April 2012 - 12:37 AM.
552	Ghost714	2012-04-25	I'm not sure that Maureen Ryan saw the same Garden of Bones as I did.  Or maybe our perception varies so much as to make an accurate consensus impossible.  I saw plenty of nudity in the episode, and more oral sex than I wanted to see on television.  As for Sansa being untouchable and the whores being far more vulnerable, I would say that Sansa is in greater danger on a day-to-day basis - if something happens to Jaime Lannister, Cersei might well decide to let Joffrey kill Sansa.  At least in the books, Sansa never knew which day she would be subject to beatings from the Kingsguard on Joffrey's whim.  And she was utterly terrified, and about to be hurt, possibly badly; and it's not certain that Sansa would be rescued again if Joffrey becomes annoyed with her; Tyrion does not make any long-term changes to Sansa's situation; and he's not always going to necessarily charge in at the right moment.  Roz and the other whores  presumably have the option of going to another city if they have enough coin to relocate; and not all of their clients are sadists on the level of Joffrey.  Which isn't to say that Sansa hasn't had an easy life, compared to Roz, before Ned Stark died, but at the moment Sansa's existence is quite stressful and subject to danger.  And I didn't read ASoIaF to read about the lives and struggles of prostitutes.  I was interested in Chataya and Alayaya, because GRRM wrote them well; and also knew not to make Alayaya the omnipresent prostitute who services Theon, tries to service Jon Snow, services Pycelle and is King Joffrey's nameday present.  I don't want to see Roz and her companion abused by Joffrey, because they don't deserve it; but that does not mean I want to see a continuing plot thread about the lives of prostitutes, or just Roz, in the entire series.  Shae, in the books, was a well-drawn character seen from Tyrion's perspective; which made her more interesting than she probably was.  There are many other major and minor characters in ASoIaF who show the inhumanity of war and the evil of which humans are capable all too frequently.  I would have rather seen more scenes with the innkeeper of the Inn at the Crossroads, the woman who is a capable innkeeper, managing a fairly profitable business, and then murdered by Tywin Lannister for having allowed Catelyn Stark to snatch Tyrion (as if the innkeeper could have prevented an armed company from seizing him) - a ghastly incident that takes place off-camera but is still haunting - than more Roz scenes.There's no question that War is Hell, and Westerosi war is painful, unpleasant and fatal for a lot of people, including many  peasants, farmers, etc. who have no interest in playing the game of thrones but who are caught up in it.  But it came out very cliched when the Volantene Florence Nightengale was lecturing Robb Stark about it.  Why not have Catelyn, who, as an older person and a mother, might have sympathy for all these boys who are going to die for her son, tell Robb the same thing, so he will at least throw away the cannon fodder's lives less easily?  I just don't think this gal would have lasted too long as a battlefield nurse in Westeros if she made a habit of lecturing generals who are also feudal lords about the Evils of War.  She was right, of course, but her words and attitude sounded far more abrasive than a young woman of Westeros would think of using on meeting the King of the North.  It wasn't a terrible episode by any means, but it just showed me that the television show is slipping farther away from the original story than I would like.  But at least for the moment, I can live with that, though I do (and probably will continue to) grumble about it.And I did love Renly's line Is he a ham /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> .  Poor Renly.  Without him, there will be no one to try to convince Stannis to get over himself.Where was there to much oral sex in this episode, i actually dont remember any in this episode? And there really was not a lot of nudity at all in this episode. How is that you can say Stannis needs to get over himself, while also saying something about Renly in the same breath? Renly was so full of himself, that he though he should be King, and to hell with the line of succession. Everything about Renly, his clothes, his tournaments, his peach, it all screams that he is full of himself. Stannis even said in the books that he never wanted to be King, but it was his duty to, because he was the next in line, and he believes laws should be followed, and that laws should be made of iron, not pudding. Then we have Renly who thinks he would just be the best King ever, laws be damned.Stannis also was not the one who was saying he was the Lord of Light's chosen one or anything, that was all Melisandre. All Stannis said, was that the Iron Throne was his by right, which is true.You are worried about Renly not being around to help Stannis get over himself, but I am glad Stannis had Renly killed, because there was no hope of him getting over himself.
553	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-25	I was not being entirely serious when I said that Stannis needs to get over himself, but he is proclaiming himself to be Azor Azhai, not necessarily because he believes he is A-A, but because he believes said proclamation will help him achieve his goal of world domination claiming the Iron Throne.  If Stannis did not want to have himself proclaimed Azor Azhai/Lord of Light/Biggest Thing Since Aegon the Conqueror, then he would have kicked Melisandre out of his tent and disavowed her light show.  But he didn't; Stannis will do almost anything because he, like Renly, wants to be king and is not overly scrupulous about how he accomplishes his goal.  Both the surviving Baratheon brothers have very healthy egos.  Renly's claim to the throne is obviously based on nothing more than 100,000 Tyrell swords (if I have the number right); by Westerosi succession law, Stannis is the king if one sets aside the claims of Cersei Lannister's children.  Had to laugh when the brothers were quarreling and Catelyn tried to be a sensible mother - she was right, though.  Though if Renly had accepted Stannis' offer, I think both Melisandre and Margaery would have been furious...
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 25 April 2012 - 03:45 AM.
554	Buckwheat	2012-04-25	I said it before, but I thought that the shadow baby looked like a dementor as it took off.True. I imegined the shadwobabies very different, but I still like what they made of them.There's no question that War is Hell, and Westerosi war is painful, unpleasant and fatal for a lot of people, including many  peasants, farmers, etc. who have no interest in playing the game of thrones but who are caught up in it.  But it came out very cliched when the Volantene Florence Nightengale was lecturing Robb Stark about it.  Why not have Catelyn, who, as an older person and a mother, might have sympathy for all these boys who are going to die for her son, tell Robb the same thing, so he will at least throw away the cannon fodder's lives less easily?  I just don't think this gal would have lasted too long as a battlefield nurse in Westeros if she made a habit of lecturing generals who are also feudal lords about the Evils of War.  She was right, of course, but her words and attitude sounded far more abrasive than a young woman of Westeros would think of using on meeting the King of the North.  It wasn't a terrible episode by any means, but it just showed me that the television show is slipping farther away from the original story than I would like.  But at least for the moment, I can live with that, though I do (and probably will continue to) grumble about it.Sorry, out of likes, but I really really agree with you about this. Catelyn could definitely be the one who talks to Robb about the consequences of the war and stuff. They are making her like a concerned woman who cannot think of solutiouns for herself, always relying on Robb and now LF had to spell the plan about releasing Jaime out to her - a great change from the first season actually, where she acted in her own right, kidnapped Tyrion and went to Robb's camp and everything. It is like she lost all her strength.I believe they are now not going to show Robb wounded in the battle - they are making him some sort of invincible hero, he cannot be wounded, so they had to find some other way to introduce him to Jeyne/whatever her name is now. And a random commoner cannot talk to the king just like that. If I did not know that the actress apparently has a lot of scenes, I would hope that we meet another girl, the real Jeyne Westerling: innocent, shy, and completely in love with Robb, never questioning his decisions.I wonder why there was no Greywind in the scene, I would like to see his reaction to her. Like: "Grrrrr ... really?"Raksha, where did you see a lot of oral sex in the episode?
555	Ghost714	2012-04-25	I was not being entirely serious when I said that Stannis needs to get over himself, but he is proclaiming himself to be Azor Azhai, not necessarily because he believes he is A-A, but because he believes said proclamation will help him achieve his goal of world domination claiming the Iron Throne.  If Stannis did not want to have himself proclaimed Azor Azhai/Lord of Light/Biggest Thing Since Aegon the Conqueror, then he would have kicked Melisandre out of his tent and disavowed her light show.  But he didn't; Stannis will do almost anything because he, like Renly, wants to be king and is not overly scrupulous about how he accomplishes his goal.  Both the surviving Baratheon brothers have very healthy egos.  Renly's claim to the throne is obviously based on nothing more than 100,000 Tyrell swords (if I have the number right); by Westerosi succession law, Stannis is the king if one sets aside the claims of Cersei Lannister's children.  Had to laugh when the brothers were quarreling and Catelyn tried to be a sensible mother - she was right, though.  Though if Renly had accepted Stannis' offer, I think both Melisandre and Margaery would have been furious...Stannis isn't really proclaiming himself Azor Ahai reborn, Melisandre is, Stannis is just not denying it, because he feels it might help him fulfill his duty. And again, Stannis never wanted to be King, he says as much in the books, but now that the situation has happened, he feels it his duty to do everything he can to become King, because by rights of the law, he is the rightful King of Westeros. So I would not say that both Renly and Stannis are full of themselves in the sense that they both want to be King, because only Renly wants to be King. Stannis just wants to do his duty, that he feels he now has to the people of Westeros. Stannis also wants to show that laws need to be made of iron, not to be bent. Renly just thinks he is the best man for the job, and so he should be King. Nobody can think like that, and not be full of themselves. And you have still not pointed out the frequent oral sex in this episode, or any oral sex for that matter, let alone having to "see more oral sex than you wanted to". And there really was not a lot of nudity in this episode, especially in comparison to most of the episodes. If I remember right, you see the whore getting beatin naked, and Mel gets naked to have her "baby", that's it, I think.
556	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-25	My two-penneth worth. 
So it seems that season 2 is deviating from the books far more than season 1, I've had to try and detach the books from the show because the deviations do annoy me. 
The whores scene with Joffrey was so unnessecary to the story, we don't need to hate Joff more than we already do, it was gratuitous torture porn, I know the show is meant to be adult and have lots of sex which enhances the story and character development, but to me this scene wasn't needed. 
LF showing his emotions to Cat? Again not sure about that, but even more strange was his encounter with Margaery Tyrell, although I suppose it did   show her scheming nature. I think they are just playing up LF's love for Cat so it's clear what his actions are at the end of ASOS. 
On a bright note I liked Robb's meeting with Jeyne, although I'm not sure why she lied about her identity, I thought she came across well and really got the better of him. The opening scene with the Lannister guardsmen was good, Grey Wind looked brilliant. 
Tyrion was fantastic as usual and his chastisement of Lancel was how I pictured it. 
Dany's speech was very well done also, Emilia Clarke did well there, she got the vunerability of Dany (and her Khalasar) across but showed her strength and persuasive ability too. Wasn't really sure about the Spice trader, sort of reminded me of Uncle Monty from Withnail and I.
The shadow baby was fantastic CGI, the whole scene was really well done, it looked really good and came off perfectly. 10/10 for the graphics team, Mel and Davos there.
All in all in was a good episode, which despite the plot deviations, came off as possibly the best the season.
557	boojam	2012-04-25	And I did love Renly's line Is he a ham /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> .  Poor Renly.  Without him, there will be no one to try to convince Stannis to get over himself.By the by are the actors ad libbing?Peter has done it maybe three of four times now, 'high cheek bones' , for instance...unless those lines are in the books?Don't mind, I swear Carice van Houten looked as if like she was reacting to a bad pun, and they kept the shot, I think both Gethin Anthony and van Houten were ad libbing in that scene!
558	David Selig	2012-04-25	And again, Stannis never wanted to be King, he says as much in the books, but now that the situation has happened, he feels it his duty to do everything he can to become King, because by rights of the law, he is the rightful King of Westeros. So I would not say that both Renly and Stannis are full of themselves in the sense that they both want to be King, because only Renly wants to be King. Stannis just wants to do his duty, that he feels he now has to the people of Westeros. If Stannis really didn't want to be a king, he wouldn't have made his claim for the crown. Nobody forced him to do it, it was his own choice. Besides, let's not forget he's a big time hypocrite and has no PoV, so anything he says should be taken with a big grain of salt.
559	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-25	Something that struck me this episode is that I'm liking Hot Pie more and more. The actor does a great job with is facial expressions.So it seems that season 2 is deviating from the books far more than season 1, I've had to try and detach the books from the show because the deviations do annoy me.We already knew that. D&D have said that after they got the first season done they could start focusing on adapting the story as a whole, rather than each individual book.I think it's the right way to go and you should probably always detach an adaptation from the source material to a good extent. Different medias always work differently and learning to let go of things is a lesson in growing up in my opinion (I used to be bad at it when I was younger but I've learned to be much better at it). Adapting books like these to a TV series is probably among the harder adaptations you can do as well.
560	Rockroi	2012-04-25	If Stannis really didn't want to be a king, he wouldn't have made his claim for the crown. Nobody forced him to do it, it was his own choice.Untrue.Stannis is King; his desire to be King has, literally, nothing to do with Stannis' actions (in fact, IIRC, in the books, Stannis specifically says that he simply became King when Robert died and that his desires play no roll in the decision).  Stannis is the King and much like Robb Stark and Jon Snow, Stannis does his duty with grim determination.  When Ned becamse Hand he, literally, thought that it was the last thing he wanted.  Would Ned have been noble had he refused Robert?  Nobody questions Ned's motivations.  Same with Jon Snow-
	Spoiler  if Jon Snow really wanted to, couldn't he just refuseto be Lord Commander?  But wouldn't that be shirking his duty?  How come its okay for John to accept being Lord Commander and nobody gives him grief for doping so but Stannis gets grief for doing his same duty?  
Here with Stannis, Stannis became King because Robert died with no true-born children.  For Stannis to deny this would be tantamount to treason in Stannis' mind.  His duty requires him to be King once Robert accepted the crown.  Stannis always thought it was a possibility and now has to (as opposed to "wants to") act on it.  This is what makes Renly's treason so anathema in Satnnis' mind; Renly is absolutely not the King.  Renly's argument - that "nobody" wants Stannis to be "their" King -is irrelevant; nobody elected Robert, Aerys, Daeron or Aegon King; "want" has absolutely nothing to do with this.  Renly is Stannis' heir and that should have been that- the same way Stannis was Robert's. Stannis Baratheon is doing his duty; people ignore this because Stannis' duty is not one that requires sacrafice; "Its Good to Be King" as Tom Petty said many moons ago, and so if Stannis is trying to be King nobody attaches good or noble motives to that.  But take a step back- much in the same way Ned and Jon and Robb and many others do their duty is the same way Stannis does his. That- in and of itself -has nobility and honor to it. Though.... he could be nicer about it ...
561	TyrionFan57	2012-04-25	Something that struck me this episode is that I'm liking Hot Pie more and more. The actor does a great job with is facial expressions.I've read lots of comments since the last episode and yours is the first I've read about Hot Pie.  He was great!  And I was so scared that Gregor was going to pick him...my stomach was in knots.  He really doesn't have a heck of a lot to do from here on out (at least, I don't think so) and...well...they did kill off Dany's Silver...you never know.
					
					
							Edited by TyrionFan57, 25 April 2012 - 08:42 AM.
562	Silverx2	2012-04-25	Untrue.Stannis is King; his desire to be King has, literally, nothing to do with Stannis' actions (in fact, IIRC, in the books, Stannis specifically says that he simply became King when Robert died and that his desires play no roll in the decision).  Stannis is the King and much like Robb Stark and Jon Snow, Stannis does his duty with grim determination.  When Ned becamse Hand he, literally, thought that it was the last thing he wanted.  Would Ned have been noble had he refused Robert?  Nobody questions Ned's motivations.  Same with Jon Snow-
	Spoiler  if Jon Snow really wanted to, couldn't he just refuseto be Lord Commander?  But wouldn't that be shirking his duty?  How come its okay for John to accept being Lord Commander and nobody gives him grief for doping so but Stannis gets grief for doing his same duty?  
Here with Stannis, Stannis became King because Robert died with no true-born children.  For Stannis to deny this would be tantamount to treason in Stannis' mind.  His duty requires him to be King once Robert accepted the crown.  Stannis always thought it was a possibility and now has to (as opposed to "wants to") act on it.  This is what makes Renly's treason so anathema in Satnnis' mind; Renly is absolutely not the King.  Renly's argument - that "nobody" wants Stannis to be "their" King -is irrelevant; nobody elected Robert, Aerys, Daeron or Aegon King; "want" has absolutely nothing to do with this.  Renly is Stannis' heir and that should have been that- the same way Stannis was Robert's.Stannis Baratheon is doing his duty; people ignore this because Stannis' duty is not one that requires sacrafice; "Its Good to Be King" as Tom Petty said many moons ago, and so if Stannis is trying to be King nobody attaches good or noble motives to that.  But take a step back- much in the same way Ned and Jon and Robb and many others do their duty is the same way Stannis does his. That- in and of itself -has nobility and honor to it.Though.... he could be nicer about it ...Your whole arguement though is defeated with one monologue from maester Aemon in season 1.It was his duty to take the thone, and he declined it to become a maester.If Stannis didn't want to be king, he had a brother who could accept the seat in his place. if Stannis didnt want to be king he had a choice and he chose to go to war over something he didnt even want. Ned accepted King roberts offer to be hand because there was literally nobody else. Jon arryn was dead, Robert had no other true friends left.Stannis had a choice, Ned did not.
563	DirePenguin	2012-04-25	I'm curious. Is the fact about littlefinger betraying Ned a well-known thing? How could Catelyn know about it? Did Sansa know what littlefinger did?
564	boojam	2012-04-25	Your whole arguement though is defeated with one monologue from maester Aemon in season 1.It was his duty to take the thone, and he declined it to become a maester.If Stannis didn't want to be king, he had a brother who could accept the seat in his place. if Stannis didnt want to be king he had a choice and he chose to go to war over something he didnt even want. Ned accepted King roberts offer to be hand because there was literally nobody else. Jon arryn was dead, Robert had no other true friends left.Stannis had a choice, Ned did not.It's all kind of tangled mess, as far as the Baratheons go, and I suppose everyone in the realm now accepts that a Bratheon does not sit the crown , Stannis is the rightful Bratheon.But by length of rule and unification should not a Targaryen be the REAL rightful heir?We don't know how many there are of those left, one for sure, maybe two, maybe more.No one , well except Dany, ever mentions that.
565	legba11	2012-04-25	In the show, he (LF) held a knife to Ned's throat in front on a room full of witnesses, she probably doesn't know about LF's deal with Ned, but there is no way everyone in that room remained silent about what happened that day.  He agreed to take care of Ned, and instead he attacked him when he got arrested (and was on the stage for his death).
566	Rockroi	2012-04-25	Your whole arguement though is defeated with one monologue from maester Aemon in season 1.It was his duty to take the thone, and he declined it to become a maester.Not at all.  Aemon was a maester of the Citedel by that point and therefore, no longer in the line of succession.  He had  aconflict of duties.  His duty to the Citadel superceaded his duty to his family.  Nobody questions that.Stannis has no superceding duty.  He is Robert's oldest surviving heir.  That's that.If Stannis didn't want to be king, he had a brother who could accept the seat in his place. if Stannis didnt want to be king he had a choice and he chose to go to war over something he didnt even want.YOu are mistaking choice with desire.  Stannis is next in line; his duty to the realm compells him to be King in the same manner as every lord who becomes lord or King.  Renly is not the next in line; hence he cannot be King.  Had Stannis refused his right THAT would have been the epitome of selfishness.  Again, Sannis "wanting" it or not is completely irrelevant to this discussion. Ned accepted King roberts offer to be hand because there was literally nobody else. Jon arryn was dead, Robert had no other true friends left.Terrible criteria for Hand- no "friends" left?  Why would the Hand need to be a friend?  And there was "literally" nobody else?  Did a plague hit Westeros that I missed?  Tywin, Stannis, Renly (book Renly, not Series Renly), Tarly, Mace Tyrell, etc etc all would have made very good hands.  You greatly overstate the lack of Robert's options.  And regardless Ned could have said no; certainly easiler than Stannis could have said no.Stannis had a choice, Ned did not.Then why did the book clearly indicate that Ned had a choice?
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 25 April 2012 - 10:27 AM.
567	Ghost714	2012-04-25	If Stannis really didn't want to be a king, he wouldn't have made his claim for the crown. Nobody forced him to do it, it was his own choice. Besides, let's not forget he's a big time hypocrite and has no PoV, so anything he says should be taken with a big grain of salt."Rockroi" had a really good post about this, and I could not agree more with it. Stannis did not want to be King, but he did want to do his duty, and follow the law, I don't know why that's so hard to understand.How is Stannis a hypocrite? @Silverx2Your quote from Maester Aemon means nothing. You can claim there was nobody else, but Ned, but that's not true, Ned knew Robert had two brothers, that could be Roberts Hand. Saying that Stannis shouldn't have started a war, because he did not want to be King, is ridiculous. People were proclaiming themselves as King left, right, and center. So Stannis had no choice but to fight them, because it was his duty to his people, the second Robert died. Also Stannis believes that laws should be made out of Iron, not pudding, and at that time a bunch of people were breaking the law for their own conveniences. So Stannis also felt it was his duty to uphold the laws in place.One could also argue that Maester Aemon was already a chained Maester when they asked him to be King, so really he was doing his duty as a Maester, by turning down the Crown, and giving it to his brother.
568	Jovet	2012-04-25	I have not sat down to read the books, but before I started watching the series last year I read ahead to see how interesting the story actually would be.Â Â If the story was too stupid or predictable or juvenile I would have skipped watching the series.Â Â I've since skimmed some of the books, especially chapters of pivotal events.Â Â I have not had any trouble keeping up with what's going on during the series, and I like to believe I see some of the depth they're adding into the characters.
The show continues to impress me with how well it's executed.Â Â This latest episode hasn't changed my opinion.
The only thing that made me wince on this episode was Littlefinger's "fate has given us this chance" line.Â Â That seemed very out of character to me, but I can also guess that after finally seeing Catelyn he was emotionally overwhelmed and simply lost his cool.Â Â It makes sense to me Catelyn would be his weakness.Â Â It also seems a simple matter that she can soon command Ned's remains passed along to Winterfell, even off-screen.
I appreciated the "whore" scene.Â Â I can't say I liked it, it was hard to watch.Â Â But every time you think you hate Joffrey enough, they find a way to make you hate him even more.Â Â And it worked, on me.
I think the Sansa scene lost some of its bite since they couldn't bare her topless.Â Â I imagine dresses showing more of her bosom than was barred in the hall.
The end of the episode puzzles me a bit.Â Â You really would think the death of Renly would make a great cliffhanger.Â Â How they're going to reconcile the reasoning behind the "shadow creature" being birthed inside Storm's End to get to Renly in his tent eludes me.Â Â But, I do have faith in the show's creators to tell a good story, so I'll reserve judgement until we see how it all plays out.Â Â Same for Robb's woman.Â Â Same for Arya and Tywin.Â Â To do otherwise isn't fair to the show.
As has been mentioned by others, the length of the episodes does distress me.Â Â When the credits rolled my clock showed 7 'till.Â Â Add to that the time taken by the (unnecessary) "here's what has happened unto now..." montage at the beginning.Â Â Without this show I probably wouldn't be subscribed to HBO, and I do want my money's worth.
569	rmholt	2012-04-25	what I didnt like about "tickling"  One of the Sand Snakes referred to tickling as what Oberyn did to Gregor.  That was also the impression I got of the Tickler's job, or that of his minions - using a sword/spear/other sharp instrument to inflict painful nonfatal wounds during the questioning.
The rat bucket didnt impress me.
A minor complaint.
About Robb and the nurse - The way he got with Jeyne was much more interesting in the book but perhaps all the show needs is for Robb to get married, setting up the Red Wedding.
I hate it though - too formula.
Marie
570	rmholt	2012-04-25	I'm curious. Is the fact about littlefinger betraying Ned a well-known thing? How could Catelyn know about it? Did Sansa know what littlefinger did?She didnt, i think. She just knew that it was in his power and he clearly failed.Or maybe like in the books when Arya blames Sandor for not saving her mother.
571	rmholt	2012-04-25	I will miss Renly bc he is so darn cute espec with that crown.
572	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-25	Stannis isn't really proclaiming himself Azor Ahai reborn, Melisandre is, Stannis is just not denying it, because he feels it might help him fulfill his duty.And again, Stannis never wanted to be King, he says as much in the books, but now that the situation has happened, he feels it his duty to do everything he can to become King, because by rights of the law, he is the rightful King of Westeros. So I would not say that both Renly and Stannis are full of themselves in the sense that they both want to be King, because only Renly wants to be King. Stannis just wants to do his duty, that he feels he now has to the people of Westeros. Stannis also wants to show that laws need to be made of iron, not to be bent. Renly just thinks he is the best man for the job, and so he should be King. Nobody can think like that, and not be full of themselves.And you have still not pointed out the frequent oral sex in this episode, or any oral sex for that matter, let alone having to "see more oral sex than you wanted to".And there really was not a lot of nudity in this episode, especially in comparison to most of the episodes. If I remember right, you see the whore getting beatin naked, and Mel gets naked to have her "baby", that's it, I think.Ghost, I think you and I will just have to agree to disagree about the amount of nudity in the episode.  As for seeing more oral sex than I wanted to; I didn't want to see any oral sex.  I would think that Roz sticking her head between the other prostitute's legs and behaving, in terms of physical motion like she was doing sexual things constituted a very close facsimile of oral sex; if it didn't, it was still more than enough for me, and totally unnecessary to advance or enrich the story.  That particular moment did not last long, but it was not even in the books; I think that for some reason, perhaps to satisfy some unwritten HBO rule that There Must Be Nudity and Sex in every other episode (no, I haven't counted), the producers and writers of the series are making an effort to include blatant acts of sex by naked people (as opposed to people in a bed, or partially nude, whatever).  I'm not a puritan, but I don't care for pornography, and there is a lot of material in this series that, if not technically porn (and it looks like it to me), comes very close to it.  The sexual scenes between Drogo and Dany were absolutely storyline-dictated, even though they changed the way he treated her on their wedding night, the progression of sexual pleasure and love between them was very well done, and came mostly from the books.  The bathtub scene between (?) Doreah and Viserys was not, but at least was a better case of exposition (is the term they use sexposition?  can't remember) than the unbelievable scene where Littlefinger bares his innermost thoughts and memories to Roz & friend while the women are having sex with each other (or stimulating it, it looked close enough) - as if Littlefinger would ever reveal such information, even though he didn't name specific people, to his employees.
573	rmholt	2012-04-25	HBO knows that of all the Law and Order spinoffs, SVU is the most popular.  Criminal minds has become unwatchable from the graphic psychopathy.  It's sad.  Yes, there is sex and violence in the books - but it requires our attention and imagination to come to life.  Having it shoved in my face, so to speak, is unpleasant.
As to Sandor when Sansa is being stripped - at the time he is Joffrey's dog.  He does step forward with his cloak - again note how stained it is compared to meryn;s - when requested.  I dont recall him trying to stop Joffrey doing anything while in his service.  There are things Joffrey knew better than to ask bc Sandor wouldnt do it.
Marie
574	Catelyn	2012-04-25	Oh Gosh, I've just finished watching the episode and i'm like: what's going on with the show?!
I mean it's so different from the book, they deleted important dialogues and put new ones.
What about Robb and Talisa?! Of course, she's Jeyne but still...
What about LF going to Renly's tent and the dialogue with Cat? I must say I really loved that scene, but stop giving LF this great importance, he'll be one of the most important characters, but not now!
What about the dialogue in front of Qarth's door? 
And Harrenal...it's a bit messed up!
Also I didn't really like Davos bringing Melisandre to give birth to the shadow. It's going to happen later, with the second kill at Dragonstone...
Cat's role has been reduced, she was totally pointless in front of Stannis, while she played a big part in the event concerning Renly/Stannis!
I'm not that happy with that season as I was with the first one! :/
575	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-25	On the issue of sex/nudity: HBO often uses it gratuitously and GoT is no exception. Some scenes more so than others I would say. 
In any case, tirelessly complaining about it only strengthens HBO's policy! If it's controversial it sells. If people raise this issue every week, it becomes the norm. GoT is now known for showing political intrigue in a medieval setting AND gratuitous soft porn. Negative publicity is still publicity so they'll continue this even more after all the so-called "outrage". To all the people who hate this side of the show: don't give them any reason to continue, ignore it!
576	J_Crews	2012-04-25	Untrue.Stannis is King; his desire to be King has, literally, nothing to do with Stannis' actions (in fact, IIRC, in the books, Stannis specifically says that he simply became King when Robert died and that his desires play no roll in the decision).  Stannis is the King and much like Robb Stark and Jon Snow, Stannis does his duty with grim determination.  When Ned becamse Hand he, literally, thought that it was the last thing he wanted.  Would Ned have been noble had he refused Robert?  Nobody questions Ned's motivations.  Same with Jon Snow-
	Spoiler  if Jon Snow really wanted to, couldn't he just refuseto be Lord Commander?  But wouldn't that be shirking his duty?  How come its okay for John to accept being Lord Commander and nobody gives him grief for doping so but Stannis gets grief for doing his same duty?  
Here with Stannis, Stannis became King because Robert died with no true-born children.  For Stannis to deny this would be tantamount to treason in Stannis' mind.  His duty requires him to be King once Robert accepted the crown.  Stannis always thought it was a possibility and now has to (as opposed to "wants to") act on it.  This is what makes Renly's treason so anathema in Satnnis' mind; Renly is absolutely not the King.  Renly's argument - that "nobody" wants Stannis to be "their" King -is irrelevant; nobody elected Robert, Aerys, Daeron or Aegon King; "want" has absolutely nothing to do with this.  Renly is Stannis' heir and that should have been that- the same way Stannis was Robert's.Stannis Baratheon is doing his duty; people ignore this because Stannis' duty is not one that requires sacrafice; "Its Good to Be King" as Tom Petty said many moons ago, and so if Stannis is trying to be King nobody attaches good or noble motives to that.  But take a step back- much in the same way Ned and Jon and Robb and many others do their duty is the same way Stannis does his. That- in and of itself -has nobility and honor to it.Though.... he could be nicer about it ...Here, here.  Agree with every word.  To be honest, the ideas you so accurately spelled-out here are why I have always had a soft spot for Stannis.  He's a king before whom I would gladly bend the knee.  He is a truly just man, even the Spider says so in the books.  I don't agree with everything he says and does, but I'll take a just king (even one might sometimes be too rigid) who is fulfilling the role because he genuinely believes it is his duty and he, therefore, has no choice but to do his best, over a greedy, grasping king who wants the throne for his own aggrandizement any day.That said, Renly might actually have been a great king, but he had no right, and comparing his situation to Robert's seizing the throne by rising to depose his rightful king because he happened to be an insane tyrant is a laughable analogy.  One must recall that Robert didn't just declare himself king.  The rebellion succeeded and then he ended-up on the Iron Throne only because, of the victors, he had the best claim; House Baratheon's founder having been rumored to have been a bastard brother of Aegon the Conqueror and Robert's own grandmother having been Princess Rhaelle Targaryen, daughter of Aegon V, known to us as Egg from the Dunk & Egg novellas.  As such, Robert had royal blood through the female line, causing him to be declared king.
577	J_Crews	2012-04-25	Your whole arguement though is defeated with one monologue from maester Aemon in season 1.It was his duty to take the thone, and he declined it to become a maester. Wrong.  He was already a maester at that point. The crown was quietly offered to him, true, but the Great Council was contemplating doing something unheard of by having the High Septon absolve him of his maester's oath so he could take the crown.  Should oaths be so fluid a thing that they can be set aside so easily?  I think not.  I do believe, however, that had Egg not been there as a fall-back, Aemon would have had no choice but to set aside his personal honor and accept for the good of his House and the kingdom as a whole.
578	J_Crews	2012-04-25	Why would the Hand need to be a friend?  And there was "literally" nobody else?  Did a plague hit Westeros that I missed?  Tywin, Stannis, Renly (book Renly, not Series Renly), Tarly, Mace Tyrell, etc etc all would have made very good hands.  You greatly overstate the lack of Robert's options.  And regardless Ned could have said no; certainly easiler than Stannis could have said no.Also, to strengthen your point, we should acknowledge that the position of Hand of the King is very similar to and perhaps a direct stand-in for the office of Chancellor to the old English kings, many of which were not even lords, but lawyers and churchmen.  Even mad old Aerys confirms this by filling the office with a member of the Alchemists' Guild and three comparatively minor lords during his reign.
579	J_Crews	2012-04-25	Also I didn't really like Davos bringing Melisandre to give birth to the shadow. It's going to happen later, with the second kill at Dragonstone...You mean Storm's End, not Dragonstone; and, the point is moot, because they're cutting that.  I love me some Sir Cortnay Penrose, but only a TV producer who was retarded would waste $$$ from an already-stretched budget to cast an actor who has exactly one scene, then dies.  And, as much as I would love to see Storm's End, that would waste a ton of $$$ too.
580	Davos55	2012-04-25	Just watched the episode again. What was up with Margaery's outfit?!? Lol!
I swear LF's voice changes every episode!
581	Jory's Shade	2012-04-25	Epic episode.  Each one gets better than the previous.  This season has been masterfully done.  My only complaint is that Renly wasn't eating his peach...  I still chuckle at how much that stuck in Stannis' craw.
582	Lyana	2012-04-25	Another great episode.
Harrenhal and Qarth on the map - that was awesome!
Robb scenes at the beginning were ok. I really like the guy, perhaps more than the book character. Non-book readers will be devastated at the end of next season. I didn't catch the thing with Jane at first, but then realized they are setting up her storyline, when she crosses paths with Robb again. Is there a single scene with the guy when noone screams The King in the North? Roose was kind of creepy. I think he will do great.
Well, Joff in the books didn't scare me so much, but this guy in the show.. There really is NO cure for being a cunt. Bronn was awesome as always. Liked it when he threatened Ser Meryn. The  scene with the prostitues ... hm.. Usually I'm fine with it, but this time it was a bit harsh. But at the end - hey, it's HBO - I knew from the beginning that there are going to be such scenes. As long as the show gets more seasons, I'm ok with everything.
I find Renly and Stannis really great in this episode. Now I can see Renly - the king everybody loves. And Stannis is showing some charisma too. The scene with the dialog between them was a bit short, but the actors did their job and I bought it. Margaery continues to be lovely. I really see some QoT there. It seems that this season we are getting a lot of LF. Don't mind as long as we get to see Varys as well. The setting up of the whole letting-Jaime-go makes sense. This way it would be easier for the non-book readers to follow Cat's decisions. One thing bothered me though - was it pointed out in the books that Catelyn was aware of LF's betrayal? That came a little unexpected to me. I also noticed the mentioning of the "salt and smoke" thing in the TV show. I guess that is going to be of some importance then /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
The Lancel-Tyrion scene was hilarious. Loved every bit of it. Peter simply deserves another award. He has become a whole with his character. Every moment with him is great.
We finally see Dany's plot moving somewhere. Not sure about the scenes with her. Nothing interesting happens to her in the second book. The only thing I look forward to is THoU. Can't imagine how are they going to show us all the visions on the screen without spoiling anything.
Harrenhal was really, really awesome! The melted stone was clearly visible and the whole place looked doomed. Maisie is as great as always. The scenes with her prayer got me goosebumps. The Tickler was creepy as hell. I already hate the guy. I am not sure about the whole interaction with Lord Tywin, but I guess it was necessary that the script be simplified. Tywin felt kind of a positive character in this scene. I actually never hated the character but I can't force myself to like him either. The actor is doing a great job though.
And finally, the shadowbaby scene - here we see some well-spent money for special effects. I imagined the baby to be more "shadowy" than "smoky", but that worked too. The scene with Stannis and Davos left me with the impression that Stannis knew about the whole shadowbaby-thing. Is this the case in the books? I can't recall Stannis knowing exactly what was going on there.
I missed Jon and Bran.
Looking forward to the next episode /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
583	Ghost714	2012-04-25	Ghost, I think you and I will just have to agree to disagree about the amount of nudity in the episode.  As for seeing more oral sex than I wanted to; I didn't want to see any oral sex.  I would think that Roz sticking her head between the other prostitute's legs and behaving, in terms of physical motion like she was doing sexual things constituted a very close facsimile of oral sex; if it didn't, it was still more than enough for me, and totally unnecessary to advance or enrich the story.  That particular moment did not last long, but it was not even in the books; I think that for some reason, perhaps to satisfy some unwritten HBO rule that There Must Be Nudity and Sex in every other episode (no, I haven't counted), the producers and writers of the series are making an effort to include blatant acts of sex by naked people (as opposed to people in a bed, or partially nude, whatever).  I'm not a puritan, but I don't care for pornography, and there is a lot of material in this series that, if not technically porn (and it looks like it to me), comes very close to it.  The sexual scenes between Drogo and Dany were absolutely storyline-dictated, even though they changed the way he treated her on their wedding night, the progression of sexual pleasure and love between them was very well done, and came mostly from the books.  The bathtub scene between (?) Doreah and Viserys was not, but at least was a better case of exposition (is the term they use sexposition?  can't remember) than the unbelievable scene where Littlefinger bares his innermost thoughts and memories to Roz & friend while the women are having sex with each other (or stimulating it, it looked close enough) - as if Littlefinger would ever reveal such information, even though he didn't name specific people, to his employees.  I agree that there can be a lot of pointless sex and nudity in the show, but compared to most episodes this one was not bad at all. Again you complained about having to see to much oral sex in this episode, but I think your confused about what actually happened. In the scene with Joff, Ros, and that one whore, Ros goes to touch Joff, and he says " no touch her". So then Ros goes to touch the whore that gets beaten, and Ros is kissing her stomach, and working her way down. As soon as Ros gets to the other whores vagina, Joff says, " can you hit her?" So Ros is only kissing the other whore on the stomach for a few seconds, and there really was not any oral sex going on. Especially compared to the first episode, when we first see Tyrion, we have to graphically hear him getting a oral sex from Ros. Same goes for Renly and Loras in the first episode, we have to hear Renly getting graphic oral sex. So that's all I am saying, compared to other episodes, this one was nothing, and I don't think Ros actually ever gave the other whore oral sex. If she did, it lasted for one second, before Joff asked Ros to hit the other girl, and she was only kissing her stomach for a few seconds. So all and all, I can't see how this episode would make any one "see" to much oral sex, especially compared to other episodes.Again though, I agree that a lot of the sex scenes are dumb this season, and I agree that the first season, like with Dany and Drogo, had a purpose, and they went along with the book. Really its just the made up whores that have pointless sex scenes this season. I think the one with Melisandre and Stannis had a purpose. Same with Renly and Margaery, and Renly and Loras(if you count that as a sex scene). So if the just stopped the pointless stuff with Littlefinger and his whores, and if they stuck to the books, it would be fine. The funny thing is, in ACoK, most the sex scenes were with Tyrion and Shae, and they haven't showed any of those this season. I mean Tyrion had sex with Shae enough in ACoK, to wear HBO wouldn't need to add any sex scenes if they showed all of them, but they haven't shown any of them, it's weird.
584	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-25	On the issue of sex/nudity: HBO often uses it gratuitously and GoT is no exception. Some scenes more so than others I would say.In any case, tirelessly complaining about it only strengthens HBO's policy! If it's controversial it sells. If people raise this issue every week, it becomes the norm. GoT is now known for showing political intrigue in a medieval setting AND gratuitous soft porn. Negative publicity is still publicity so they'll continue this even more after all the so-called "outrage". To all the people who hate this side of the show: don't give them any reason to continue, ignore it!I can put up with the gratuitous soft porn during the airing of the episodes.  The question is, if they increase the use of Roz and/in soft porn scenes, will I spend extra cash on the dvds of Season 2 when they come out?  Right now, I'm not sure.
585	Corvinus	2012-04-25	I am sure in 30 pages others have brought this up, but if not:
Has anyone else thought that the old woman imprisoned with Arya at Harrenhal who says they killed her son was a very close image of Lady Stoneheart, minus the face scars?
586	Ghost714	2012-04-25	Another great episode.Harrenhal and Qarth on the map - that was awesome!Robb scenes at the beginning were ok. I really like the guy, perhaps more than the book character. Non-book readers will be devastated at the end of next season. I didn't catch the thing with Jane at first, but then realized they are setting up her storyline, when she crosses paths with Robb again. Is there a single scene with the guy when noone screams The King in the North? Roose was kind of creepy. I think he will do great.Well, Joff in the books didn't scare me so much, but this guy in the show.. There really is NO cure for being a cunt. Bronn was awesome as always. Liked it when he threatened Ser Meryn. The  scene with the prostitues ... hm.. Usually I'm fine with it, but this time it was a bit harsh. But at the end - hey, it's HBO - I knew from the beginning that there are going to be such scenes. As long as the show gets more seasons, I'm ok with everything.I find Renly and Stannis really great in this episode. Now I can see Renly - the king everybody loves. And Stannis is showing some charisma too. The scene with the dialog between them was a bit short, but the actors did their job and I bought it. Margaery continues to be lovely. I really see some QoT there. It seems that this season we are getting a lot of LF. Don't mind as long as we get to see Varys as well. The setting up of the whole letting-Jaime-go makes sense. This way it would be easier for the non-book readers to follow Cat's decisions. One thing bothered me though - was it pointed out in the books that Catelyn was aware of LF's betrayal? That came a little unexpected to me. I also noticed the mentioning of the "salt and smoke" thing in the TV show. I guess that is going to be of some importance then /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />The Lancel-Tyrion scene was hilarious. Loved every bit of it. Peter simply deserves another award. He has become a whole with his character. Every moment with him is great.We finally see Dany's plot moving somewhere. Not sure about the scenes with her. Nothing interesting happens to her in the second book. The only thing I look forward to is THoU. Can't imagine how are they going to show us all the visions on the screen without spoiling anything.Harrenhal was really, really awesome! The melted stone was clearly visible and the whole place looked doomed. Maisie is as great as always. The scenes with her prayer got me goosebumps. The Tickler was creepy as hell. I already hate the guy. I am not sure about the whole interaction with Lord Tywin, but I guess it was necessary that the script be simplified. Tywin felt kind of a positive character in this scene. I actually never hated the character but I can't force myself to like him either. The actor is doing a great job though.And finally, the shadowbaby scene - here we see some well-spent money for special effects. I imagined the baby to be more "shadowy" than "smoky", but that worked too. The scene with Stannis and Davos left me with the impression that Stannis knew about the whole shadowbaby-thing. Is this the case in the books? I can't recall Stannis knowing exactly what was going on there.I missed Jon and Bran.Looking forward to the next episode /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I always thought Stannis knew. I mean come on, do you think Stannis thought he was telling Davos to take Mel sight seeing? Also, Davos comments on how Stannis looked ten years older, since last he saw him, after Stannis made the shadows with Mel. So I definitely think Stannis is smart enough to realize the "cost" of making such shadows, meaning he would notice the "side effects" after making the first shadow, and yet he agreed to make another. Everybody likes to make it sound like Melisandre tricked Stannis, and that Stannis did not know the price for creating the shadows. I personally think that's rubbish, Stannis knew the cost, and he paid it willingly, and he would do it again. Stannis will do anything to fulfill his duty, to win the Crown. So Stannis would easily be willing to give up ten years of his life, to gain a large part of Renly's army, and Storms End. So Stannis was most definitely willing to make the shadows, and Melisandre did not deceive him.Edit. That's actually what I like and respect most about Stannis, he is willing to do what it takes, to fulfill his duty to his people. Stannis will pay the price, even when it's harmful to his own person, he doesn't just make someone else pay the cost.
					
					
							Edited by Ghost714, 25 April 2012 - 11:27 PM.
587	rmholt	2012-04-26	That's actually what I like and respect most about Stannis, he is willing to do what it takes, to fulfill his duty to his people. Stannis will pay the price, even when it's harmful to his own person, he doesn't just make someone else pay the cost.I think he is in a bit of denial - he claimed to have nothing to do with Renly's death - I think he has a bad case of "clean hands" and has fooled himself into thinking he is not participating but that Mel is seeing what happens, not causing any of it.  He is still very skeptical of the Azor Ahai deal and not as impressed with the sword as he would be if he were convinced.Marie
588	J_Crews	2012-04-26	I always thought Stannis knew. I mean come on, do you think Stannis thought he was telling Davos to take Mel sight seeing? Also, Davos comments on how Stannis looked ten years older, since last he saw him, after Stannis made the shadows with Mel. So I definitely think Stannis is smart enough to realize the "cost" of making such shadows, meaning he would notice the "side effects" after making the first shadow, and yet he agreed to make another. Everybody likes to make it sound like Melisandre tricked Stannis, and that Stannis did not know the price for creating the shadows. I personally think that's rubbish, Stannis knew the cost, and he paid it willingly, and he would do it again. Stannis will do anything to fulfill his duty, to win the Crown. So Stannis would easily be willing to give up ten years of his life, to gain a large part of Renly's army, and Storms End. So Stannis was most definitely willing to make the shadows, and Melisandre did not deceive him.Edit.That's actually what I like and respect most about Stannis, he is willing to do what it takes, to fulfill his duty to his people. Stannis will pay the price, even when it's harmful to his own person, he doesn't just make someone else pay the cost.He definitely knows she's using her magic in some way to further his goals and that it's costing him, and, like you said, he considers that a sacrifice he has to make to do his duty.  Whether he knows specifics vis a vis the shadowbaby is debatable, imo.  As rmholt said above, I think he believes she's seeing things that are preordained, rather than -- perhaps -- taking such an active role.  I always found it interesting that the quote from the show that some folks are saying was out of character for Renly where he said, "And to think I loved him once" or something like that, was actually close to something Stannis said in the books about Renly after he died; he said he had loved him once, the boy he was not the man he later became.  He talked about how Renly had offered him a peach and was clearly feeling some level of guilt, so he knows or at least suspects his hands aren't so clean, even as he's saying they are. But, in his mind, I believe he feels he's doing what must be done.  Stepping aside for Renly to be king is a violation of the law, and, therefore, is not even an option.  And neither could he win without Renly's forces, many of which should have been his in the first place.  In his mind, Renly sealed his own fate by not fulfilling the role of the dutiful younger brother as he himself did for Robert, only to have Robert treat him like trash just because he didn't like him.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 26 April 2012 - 12:44 AM.
589	footballcoach	2012-04-26	There is a second message in the Joff scene that people seem to gloss over quite quickly. Joffrey asks several times "my uncle sent you?". I took that to mean he is trying to get back at Tyrion for publicly embarrasing him on several occasions.  Not only is Joff cruel and sadistic (already established); he is also threatened by Tyrion.He handles this in his own vile way. Violent repression is Joff's strategy in the game. The scene was less gratuitous than other scenes IMO.Good point....If that was their goal then I believe it could have been done in other ways.  To be clear, I'm not against the sex or nudity.  There was plenty of that in the books and Martin used it expertly in crafting the story.  HBO's "adaptation" is just gratuitous, prolonged, and pointless.  Like others have said, they are leaving out critical plot elements in favor of these kinds of scenes and it's causing the entire package to feel very shallow.I wish they would have taken a more measured approach like LOST, Sopranos, or Breaking Bad for example.  While you can criticize the outcome of a series like LOST, the pacing was incredibly effective.  That same pacing was already in the first 2 or 3 GoT books so why not use it?  I think Martin used sex and violence effectively to tell the story.  So, it is difficult to understand how more of both is considered an improvement to the story while sacrificing critical plot developments to show them.  I mean, I know it's about ratings and shock value, but doesn't it piss anyone else off that they are using these elements more than intended in order to boost viewership?  I guess the response there for many is "Yes, if it means the series survives."  And I would have to agree on that as well.Yes, it's an adaptation of the books.  Fully understood.  Not everything will be exact or even possible to screenplay.  But you gotta get kinda in the same ballpark you know?  I mean you can adapt your way into a very shallow and hard to understand story if you aren't careful with the pacing, character development, and plot reveals.  LOST did this masterfully by introducing characters as a whole, then shifting focus to individual or shared character plot lines.  Then they weaved these relationships back into the overall story.  Kinda like Martin did in his books.
590	Shienberg	2012-04-26	I don't think there's any requirement for the viewers to understand everything right away just because it's TV. They even have Gendry saying that he doesn't know what the Brotherhood is, to drive home the point that the characters doesn't understand it either (yet).True. It's called foreshadowing. If you watched Lost you'll remember how we heard about the "others" for a full season before we saw them. There's about a billion other examples...They're intentionally creating mystery to keep people coming back for answers.
591	Shienberg	2012-04-26	Your whole arguement though is defeated with one monologue from maester Aemon in season 1.It was his duty to take the thone, and he declined it to become a maester.If Stannis didn't want to be king, he had a brother who could accept the seat in his place. if Stannis didnt want to be king he had a choice and he chose to go to war over something he didnt even want.Ned accepted King roberts offer to be hand because there was literally nobody else. Jon arryn was dead, Robert had no other true friends left.Stannis had a choice, Ned did not.It's prolly already been pointed out but your whole argument is nullified by the fact that Aemon is a brother of the nights watch. That duty pre-empts his duty to take the throne. That duty (to become king) was one of the many claims he must forsake when he became a member of the watch.Ned technically had a choice. Aemon did not. Stannis does not. With Stannis, he just IS King. There is no claiming and no choice. It's just a fact.
592	Shienberg	2012-04-26	I have not sat down to read the books, but before I started watching the series last year I read ahead to see how interesting the story actually would be.  If the story was too stupid or predictable or juvenile I would have skipped watching the series.  I've since skimmed some of the books, especially chapters of pivotal events.  I have not had any trouble keeping up with what's going on during the series, and I like to believe I see some of the depth they're adding into the characters.The show continues to impress me with how well it's executed.  This latest episode hasn't changed my opinion.The only thing that made me wince on this episode was Littlefinger's "fate has given us this chance" line.  That seemed very out of character to me, but I can also guess that after finally seeing Catelyn he was emotionally overwhelmed and simply lost his cool.  It makes sense to me Catelyn would be his weakness.  It also seems a simple matter that she can soon command Ned's remains passed along to Winterfell, even off-screen.I appreciated the "whore" scene.  I can't say I liked it, it was hard to watch.  But every time you think you hate Joffrey enough, they find a way to make you hate him even more.  And it worked, on me.I think the Sansa scene lost some of its bite since they couldn't bare her topless.  I imagine dresses showing more of her bosom than was barred in the hall.The end of the episode puzzles me a bit.  You really would think the death of Renly would make a great cliffhanger.  How they're going to reconcile the reasoning behind the "shadow creature" being birthed inside Storm's End to get to Renly in his tent eludes me.  But, I do have faith in the show's creators to tell a good story, so I'll reserve judgement until we see how it all plays out.  Same for Robb's woman.  Same for Arya and Tywin.  To do otherwise isn't fair to the show.As has been mentioned by others, the length of the episodes does distress me.  When the credits rolled my clock showed 7 'till.  Add to that the time taken by the (unnecessary) "here's what has happened unto now..." montage at the beginning.  Without this show I probably wouldn't be subscribed to HBO, and I do want my money's worth.You are doing yourself a great disservice.Read the books
593	Lyana	2012-04-26	I always thought Stannis knew. I mean come on, do you think Stannis thought he was telling Davos to take Mel sight seeing? Also, Davos comments on how Stannis looked ten years older, since last he saw him, after Stannis made the shadows with Mel. So I definitely think Stannis is smart enough to realize the "cost" of making such shadows, meaning he would notice the "side effects" after making the first shadow, and yet he agreed to make another. Everybody likes to make it sound like Melisandre tricked Stannis, and that Stannis did not know the price for creating the shadows. I personally think that's rubbish, Stannis knew the cost, and he paid it willingly, and he would do it again. Stannis will do anything to fulfill his duty, to win the Crown. So Stannis would easily be willing to give up ten years of his life, to gain a large part of Renly's army, and Storms End. So Stannis was most definitely willing to make the shadows, and Melisandre did not deceive him.Edit.That's actually what I like and respect most about Stannis, he is willing to do what it takes, to fulfill his duty to his people. Stannis will pay the price, even when it's harmful to his own person, he doesn't just make someone else pay the cost.Ok, so he knew. Not the specifics perhaps but in general.Because a friend asked me while we were watching the show and I was not sure what to answer. Now that I think back, he must have known, because he feels some sort of guilt regarding Renly.
594	legba11	2012-04-26	I don't think Stannis knew about Renly's death.  There is nothing (I can remember) to indicate he did.  He may still think Brienne/Catelyn did it.  He certainly knew Melisandre assassinated Penrose, likely not how, but considering he knows he's had sex with her (and likely that it takes a lot out of him), he can probably figure out that has something to do with it.
In the show, he clearly knows she is going to assassinate Renly.  This is a change for his character, but only a shift towards something he already was.  He is a hypocrite.  He was not acting the part of a king, while insisting he is one.  He recognizes this and corrects his course at the end of SoS.  We (the book readers) are attributing this dramatic change of heart to a man who is still a year? away from that change.  That (and Jaime's face turn) are the two brilliant points which make SoS the best book of the series.
 More importantly, this "Show us, don't tell us" style of Martin is what makes his work so great.  (Which is odd because MAJOR events are told off camera, but major character changes are shown).  A Game of Thrones (mainly the killing of Ned) is something that normally would have happened in the prologue chapter in fantasy books, and then the hero is hero for the whole book, being all emo about his dead heroic father.  Martin did not give us that, he told the story of the heroic father before giving us the hero of the books.  In the same way, we get to see Jaime and Stannis at their low points, which makes their face turns so much more dramatic.
595	Chalkius Stark	2012-04-26	Right, my thoughts. I've not read anyone else's views yet, will do later once I've put my views forth!
- Opening scene - Fart joke...alright it was funny, I liked that little scene as we just got to have 2 regular soldiers talking together. Followed by a Direwolf ruining the party. 
- Aftermath scene - Liked Roose. Didn't really care for the interaction with Robb and the nurse woman who I presume is actually Jeyne. I guess it'll do as a way of explaining his romance though.
- Throne Room - Nearly perfect. Joffrey being a little toad, Lancel trying to be baddass(and wearing Jaime's clothes), the humiliation of Sansa, followed by Tyrion and Bronn saving the day. Awesomeness.
Joff and the whores - I don't think this was needed. At least not in such detail. Could have shown Joff opening the door, seeing the whores, closing the door, then we see the whores go back to Tyrion or the brothel later, covered in bruises and cuts. 
Renly's camp - Liked how all 3 of the characters that dealt with Littlefinger did so, but I really don't like Aidan Gillen this series, he was great last time round, but he's really not impressed me at all this series. 
Harrenhall - Didn't look big enough, though was suitable ruined. Liked Polliver, loved Tywins entrance and subsequent dialogue with Arya. The mountain was disappointing not because he's not Conan, but because he didn't have his old armour. He's certainly tall enough, just pad out the armour and let him wear it. Voice is perfect. And Hot Pie is one BAMF. Arya's prayer was also well delivered. Though that Tywin is at Harrenhall annoys me a little as I think he'd probably recognise Gendry, or rather the similiarities to Robert/Renly...he did deliver Kings Landing to Robert after all and married his daughter to him...
Stannis vs Renly - Loved the face off. Though I wanted Stannis to come across as less confident there, in keeping with his lack of an impressive nature. Was still excellent.
Q(w)arth - Liked it all apart from the Kwarth bit...that was silly. Liked XXD though, happy with his portrayal thus far. The 13 look cool/freaky.
Tyrion vs Lancel - Loved how all of Lancel's bluster is shot down so easily by Tyrion, again he's the best character in the show.
Stannis and DAvos - Liked how the Non Book readers have got the background on their history together. Was a good little dialogue
Davos and Mel - I found the shadow baby scene a bit weird even knowing what was happening beforehand having read the books. However I suppose it's meant to, and they did it well. Davos was crapping himself!
596	hardtostand	2012-04-26	The romantic encounter with the nurse - it's such a shame that just can not be described
in words. Book is not a movie, and we have already got accustomed to all sorts of changes, but how can be justified
the thing which is directly contrary to the spirit of the book and
the principles of Martin? I'm talking about trustworthiness of what is happening. How did the nurse find
herself on the site of the just passed battle? The only women who could be out there are
army whores, or washerwomen. If begin talking about the noble lady, they did not have a lot
of freedom in medievel times and just would not deal with the help of the wounded,
unless she is pious. In this case, she should be a silent sister.
Futhermore it is impossible to imagine such a girl hang about
on a field of fresh battle (where marauders "work", the soldiers of loosing side, which hadn't time to run away, sit in the bushes). 
Why the king helps no one knows who, having interrupted for the sake of this
the conversation with one of his top commanders? How is it possible that some unknown maid adress
the king directly and discuss his military policy? After this "rotten apple", I found it hard to take seriously
the following events.
597	Dr. Killjoy	2012-04-26	Hm, the Series "Dexter" is almost completly different from the Books und everyone seems to like it
Why not here?
And Game of thrones has still more of the Spirit from the Books, than a lot of other TV-Adaptations.
598	Ghost714	2012-04-26	Hm, the Series "Dexter" is almost completly different from the Books und everyone seems to like itWhy not here?And Game of thrones has still more of the Spirit from the Books, than a lot of other TV-Adaptations.Other books are not as good as aSoIaF, so it's ok if the show changes things, but with the aSoIaF books nothing is better, so if the show changes to many things, it will not be as good as the books. GRRM has created an amazing story, and to change any of that, it will not be as good.Also when GRRM agreed to let them make the show, it was his wish for them to stick to the books as close as possible, and they made it seem like they would stick to the books as best as they could, so they should stick to their original plan. GRRM is a big believer in sticking to the original story, as best as possible, when your making an adaptation. That's how I feel to, if you can't stick to the original story when ever possible, then make your own story, don't half ass copy someone else's. If your going to do an adaptation, then you should respect the writer, and stick to the original story, or don't do it, and that's how GRRM feels about it also. And I am not talking about changes for bugetory reasons, or time reasons, of course those kinds of changes are fine. With the books, we get a lot of information from the thoughts of the POV characters, so obviously in the show you can't see their thoughts, do those changes are fine. It's making drastic changes to characters, and story lines, that is not fine. A lot of people feel like a show should be much different than a book, they feel like they should be seperate entities all together. I don't really agree with that, and neither does GRRM(he has said as much in interviews). If the writer of the original story is fine with the adaptation being completely different, then I guess that's ok, but if they want them to be the same, then it should be the same, and that's the case with GRRM.When GRRM agreed to let them do the show, D&D expressed that they are big fans of the books, and they made it seem like they would respect GRRM's wishes, and I feel like they did for season one, but now in season two, it's like they are changing so much stuff, regardless of GRRM's wishes when he first agreed to let them do the show.Unfortunately GRRM ultimately has no control over the show, if they want to change something, he can't stop them. It just makes me wonder if GRRM might have been to trusting, when he agreed to not have control over the show. I don't know if he thought they would stick to the original story because D&D are such big fans, or what. I just don't agree with all the changes for no reason, and it makes me very worried about the future story.
599	Greyghost	2012-04-26	Hm, the Series "Dexter" is almost completly different from the Books und everyone seems to like itWhy not here?And Game of thrones has still more of the Spirit from the Books, than a lot of other TV-Adaptations.As someone who has read the Dexter books, the nice way to put it is that they were nowhere near the level of ASoIaF. The show Dexter does a great job of taking that author's original idea and expanding on it (in my opinion) in a much better way than the books ever did. For ASoIaF, the books are a work of art all by themselves.
600	Ghost714	2012-04-26	As someone who has read the Dexter books, the nice way to put it is that they were nowhere near the level of ASoIaF. The show Dexter does a great job of taking that author's original idea and expanding on it (in my opinion) in a much better way than the books ever did. For ASoIaF, the books are a work of art all by themselves.Exactly, you can't mess with profection, and that's exactly what aSoIaF is. There is no making it better.
601	boojam	2012-04-26	Unfortunately GRRM ultimately has no control over the show, if they want to change something, he can't stop them. It just makes me wonder if GRRM might have been to trusting, when he agreed to not have control over the show. I don't know if he thought they would stick to the original story because D&D are such big fans, or what. I just don't agree with all the changes for no reason, and it makes me very worried about the future story.Well... George did last year.But it's curious, he is still listed, and I am sure still has a hand in casting, wrote episode 9, but has had little comment on his active involvement in Season 2.Too many book tours and other stuff?
602	Rockroi	2012-04-26	Unfortunately GRRM ultimately has no control over the show, if they want to change something, he can't stop them. It just makes me wonder if GRRM might have been to trusting, when he agreed to not have control over the show. I don't know if he thought they would stick to the original story because D&D are such big fans, or what.Martin has said in interviews that the show belongs to the producers and HBO; its their baby (and just for clarification, its my [limited] understanding that the Producers have ultimate control over any show and the Executive Producer is a largely ceremonial title). In an interview he said that if they wanted to make aliens come down and fight the Others that was their chocie. I ultimately do not think Martin was "too trusting."  Martin worked in TV for a number of years (though granted that was 20+ years ago and the industry has changed dramatically, or so I am told); and I am sure he knew what he was doing when he gave up creative control over the show (in exchange for a title, power to write at least one episode a season and, oh yeah, a honking amount of money that he deserves).  Television shows cannopt be beholden to somebody outside that show's control and HBO was not about to give Martin a ton of money and say "Now make the show you want."  They needed TV people who knew that, for better or worse, some corners needed to be cut, some story lines shortened and yeah, some "creative liscense" is taken.  That's part of TV.I just think its okay to leave TV to the TV people.  Then again, TV people came up with "Work It," "Joannie Loves Chachi," and "Cop Rock" so WTF do I know?
603	Harimad	2012-04-26	That Daenerys scene was the worst. The dialogue was awkward, it wasn't in the books, and the dragons were hidden in some baskets...The dragons were clearly not in the scene for budget reasons. I could picture the dialogue like this:Man with no name: May I see the dragons?Daenerys: Certainly. Jorah, let out the dragons from their tiny basket cage for-(HBO exec whispers something in Dany's ears)Daenerys: No. I'm the mother of dragons and I demand to be let in!Hilarious!I was reading one of the re-caps after the first appearance of the dragons/dragon baskets and the author said something along the lines of "put the dragons back in their Pottery Barn dragon carriers"  and I about died laughing. But I also read/heard somewhere in an interview with D or D that besides the cost/effort behind CGI they didn't want the dragons to become a fixture in every episode so that we got sick of them/distracted by them. I do kind of like that on the rare occasions they appear that it's a big deal and I anticipate them. That said, I wasn't a fan of this scene and I'm really wondering about the non-presence of Quaithe. Obviously they can get that prophecy from another means but i liked the introduction to her and Pyatt Pree a little earlier in the book
604	Dr. Killjoy	2012-04-27	As someone who has read the Dexter books, the nice way to put it is that they were nowhere near the level of ASoIaF. The show Dexter does a great job of taking that author's original idea and expanding on it (in my opinion) in a much better way than the books ever did. For ASoIaF, the books are a work of art all by themselves.It was just a Example, I know the "Fire-and-Ice" Books are on a other Level, than dexter. Another one is "Legend of the Seeker", but the Series was chanceld after 2 Seasons, sadly. Or the Lord of the Ring Movies. There are many Changes from the Books, too.I think the Adaptation of Game of Thrones is still pretty good, and so long the big story lines are intact, it is fine.
605	Greywolf2375	2012-04-27	It was just a Example, I know the "Fire-and-Ice" Books are on a other Level, than dexter. Another one is "Legend of the Seeker", but the Series was chanceld after 2 Seasons, sadly. Or the Lord of the Ring Movies. There are many Changes from the Books, too.I think the Adaptation of Game of Thrones is still pretty good, and so long the big story lines are intact, it is fine.It is pretty good - many/most of the complaints I have voiced and seen aren't just "oh, damn - the book didn't say that exactly!".  They are about change for change sake - take LOTR for example.  I missed not being able to see Tom Bombadil look through the ring (it would have been amazing to have Robin Williams do that part just for that one reason, but I digress) but did that ruin the movie?  No - they had to make some changes, remove some scenes for time, budget, etc.  Completely fine.  But then why add in the scene where Frodo and the Nazgul go face to face on the walls of Osgiliath?  That scene didn't add anything to the movies.  The changes to Faramir...why?  We all ready know the Ring can tempt anyone.That is the nature of my complaints/feedback - changes are fine and required.  But when a scene or character is removed and another is added that does not seem to add anything to the story, that is where I have issue.  Again - the Joffrey/whore scene.  What did the scene add that we didn't all ready know about him?  If that scene had not been included, would we have missed out on any character development for Joffrey?  Would, when QoT (if she exists in this universe) asks Sansa about Joffrey, anyone be surprised at her response and QoTs reaction?  I don't think we would have - what we saw reinforces what we know about him, but isn't anything new and wasn't needed to tell the story..
606	legba11	2012-04-27	The show and the books are separate entities, the show is not a bunch pretty pictures made to accompany the books.  They don't change the books, but they will likely begin to diverge more and more.  There are plenty of fair reasons to complain about the show, but it serves little purpose to get annoyed just because they are different.
607	PrinceRhaegar	2012-04-27	My first post, so hi everyone.
This is my favourite episode, liked every bit of it, from opening credits(ruined Harenhall and Qarth) to music during ending credits. The visuals of the show are great as always, and shadow baby was epic.
I liked new characters, even though they are slightly different from the books and I really dont get nitpicks such as Roose dont having pink cloak(probably it would look silly). So far I liked all the changes, expect cutting Reeds and Ramsay.
I think Joffrey+whores is great to set up the relationship between him and Tyrion. I like creepy Harrenhall better then very large castle it is described in the books. Qarth scene is also very good, I like spice merchant and XXD. Still dont have Idea what they will do with Talisa(Jeyne), I hope they surprise me.
Acting is also great in general, but my favourites so far are Michelle Fairlay as Cat, Peter Dinklage as Tyrion, Conleth Hill as Varys and Stark Kids.
Btw there will be shadow baby in the tent in ep 5, Michelle Fairlay said in Thronecast that they filmed scene with something in the tent, and she didnt knew what it is and how it looks because they will add it later with CGI.
608	Tadco26	2012-04-27	The show and the books are separate entities, the show is not a bunch pretty pictures made to accompany the books.  They don't change the books, but they will likely begin to diverge more and more.  There are plenty of fair reasons to complain about the show, but it serves little purpose to get annoyed just because they are different.Personally I don't complain just because they are "different" but rather I weigh each change on it's own merits.  Why was the change made?  Was it too expensive to film due to CGI, casting, or other factors?  Was the idea that is being shared originally information given thru internal monologue that has to be explained in a different manner?  Was there just not enough screen time to fit it all?  These are all reasonable explanations for changes.What I don't like is seemingly random changes like Joffrey ordering the killing of Robert's bastards instead of Cersei.  Or Littlefinger blurting that he knows secrets about everyone to their face when others have died due to their knowledge of those secrets.  Or adding long original scenes, that don't clearly contribute to replacing something from the books, when the book scenes are being condensed as small as humanly possible.  It's not the idea that they will change things, which I tottally accept and expect, but rather changes that would take exactly the same amount of time and budget to keep true to the books.  It's when I get the impression that the writers are trying to "improve" on the books with their own scenes that the show tends to veer off course for me.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 27 April 2012 - 10:31 AM.
609	legba11	2012-04-27	You (as we all are) are free to view the show any way you wish to (of course).  However, I think people would enjoy things more if they viewed the show as the show, and determine things based on that only.  Change means nothing, what matters is the quality of what you're seeing.  It is completely independent of the books, which are written, done and read (for most of us).
610	Stargareyen	2012-04-27	Joffrey's scene with the whores was truly unwarranted. It could have been a closed door event as reported to Tyrion by the injured whores.
But the truth is, SEX SELLS! I know some people who don't have the patience to read the books and watch the show because it shows a lot of skin! Every time, they ask me if there was a sex scene in the new episode.
We all, book lovers or otherwise, have to live with that.
The nurse scene on the other hand, also engages the audience with romance. True, its misplaced, with her arguing with the king about the futility of war. But Jeyne-Robb story has true potential of a romance. If GRRM did not give us that, HBO will.
611	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-27	You (as we all are) are free to view the show any way you wish to (of course).  However, I think people would enjoy things more if they viewed the show as the show, and determine things based on that only.  Change means nothing, what matters is the quality of what you're seeing.  It is completely independent of the books, which are written, done and read (for most of us).Agreed, and if I may add, we don't know what story the show is going to tell. Changes that may seem pointless now (because we judge it according to future events/developments in the books) might possibly make more sense when this season is over.I'll take the Joff scene as example. What if it actually sets up a conflict between Tyrion and Joff? Joffrey is very much motivated to get back at Tyrion by torturing the whores Tyrion sent. This could have a major impact on their relationship in future events. Then, it becomes much more than showing "something we already know about Joffrey". It sets up a story of retaliation etc.etc. Again, this might not be in the books, but it explains the joff/ros scene within a larger story that is yet to be told. My advice? Suspend judgment.
612	Bronn Stone	2012-04-27	In the books, Tyrion seriously considers procuring whores for Joffrey, but is uncertain if Joff is old enough.
Show Joffrey is several years older.  That D&D treat 16-17 year old Joff diffferent from Martin's 13-14 year old version is not only appropriate but essential in light of the age change (which was absolutely essential in light of US attitudes toward child characters in sexual situations).  If Tyrion almost sent them to 14 year old Joff, he surely would to 17 year old.  D&D are right and you are wrong.
Do you really think 16 year old Joffrey should have the same attitudes as GRRM's 13 year old version?  Or Margaery Tyrell???
613	J_Crews	2012-04-27	In the books, Tyrion seriously considers procuring whores for Joffrey, but is uncertain if Joff is old enough.Show Joffrey is several years older.  That D&D treat 16-17 year old Joff diffferent from Martin's 13-14 year old version is not only appropriate but essential in light of the age change (which was absolutely essential in light of US attitudes toward child characters in sexual situations).  If Tyrion almost sent them to 14 year old Joff, he surely would to 17 year old.  D&D are right and you are wrong.Do you really think 16 year old Joffrey should have the same attitudes as GRRM's 13 year old version?  Or Margaery Tyrell???Exactly.
614	Walsingham	2012-04-27	I liked the episode. What was most disturbing for me was Roose Bolton, the terrifying, sinister, violent, treacherous lord of the dreadfort being played by Michael McElhatton who I best know for his role of 'Rats' in the series "Paths to Freedom."  A worse fit, I cannot imagine. (I don't mean he's not perfect for the part, just that it's hard to make the leap from that character to Roose Bolton)For those  who have never seen "Paths to Freedom", see here You might need to skip to about 8:00 to see the full context.
615	boojam	2012-04-28	Not sure I remember right but when Joffrey has Sansa beat up (in the novel) it does not end with Ser Meryn pulling his sword on her, I mean what next! He was going to cut her into! I thought in the novel it was a whip? 
I noticed a quick reaction shot of the Hound showing his displeasure, it's quick.
616	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-28	That is the nature of my complaints/feedback - changes are fine and required.  But when a scene or character is removed and another is added that does not seem to add anything to the story, that is where I have issue.  Again - the Joffrey/whore scene.  What did the scene add that we didn't all ready know about him?  If that scene had not been included, would we have missed out on any character development for Joffrey?  Would, when QoT (if she exists in this universe) asks Sansa about Joffrey, anyone be surprised at her response and QoTs reaction?  I don't think we would have - what we saw reinforces what we know about him, but isn't anything new and wasn't needed to tell the story..I found Joffrey's scene with the whores to be very clever. We had just witnessed Sansa being saved from Joffrey by Tyrion ... but then Tyrion gave the whores to Joffrey and was not able to save them. This quite clearly shows that Sansa is still in danger - and not even Tyrion will be able to save her from Joffrey's bedroom.It reminds me of the scene between Theon, Ramsay and Jeyne in ADWD, which added less to the book than this scene added to show.
					
					
							Edited by PatrickStormborn, 28 April 2012 - 06:48 AM.
617	Impfan	2012-04-28	Why didn't Catlyn kil LF (or have him killed) given that she knows he was complicit in Ned's betrayal and murder?  His only defense to her allegation in the knife scene seemed to be something like "I had to do it; it was him or me."  For a person who supposedly is a first-class hater, Catlyn is certainly a wimp.
Count me as one of the peeps who doesn't like HBO Cate one bit.
618	Greywolf2375	2012-04-28	Agreed, and if I may add, we don't know what story the show is going to tell. Changes that may seem pointless now (because we judge it according to future events/developments in the books) might possibly make more sense when this season is over.I'll take the Joff scene as example. What if it actually sets up a conflict between Tyrion and Joff?Conflict was all ready set up between them.  Tyrion slapping Joffrey repeatedly in S1 about going to see Bran and offer his respects, Tyrion interrupting Joffreys nameday celebration, Tyrion interrupting Sansa being beaten, threatening one of his kingsguard and then removing his betrothed from the danger in front of the court.  We have been given enough that if the whore scene did not exist and Joffrey did something against Tyrion there wouldn't be reason to question why it happened.
619	Roose Seal	2012-04-28	I found Joffrey's scene with the whores to be very clever. We had just witnessed Sansa being saved from Joffrey by Tyrion ... but then Tyrion gave the whores to Joffrey and was not able to save them. This quite clearly shows that Sansa is still in danger - and not even Tyrion will be able to save her from Joffrey's bedroom.It reminds me of the scene between Theon, Ramsay and Jeyne in ADWD, which added less to the book than this scene added to show.Except a paragraph in a 600+ pages book is not exactly the same thing as a 5 min scene in a 45 min episode...
620	J_Crews	2012-04-28	Not sure I remember right but when Joffrey has Sansa beat up (in the novel) it does not end with Ser Meryn pulling his sword on her, I mean what next! He was going to cut her into! I thought in the novel it was a whip?I noticed a quick reaction shot of the Hound showing his displeasure, it's quick.It was in the book.  He beat the back of her thighs bloody with the flat of the blade.
621	boojam	2012-04-29	It was in the book.  He beat the back of her thighs bloody with the flat of the blade.That's right, whew! glad they didn't do that!They figured they would keep a condensed version of that scene since they always need to have Tryion keeping his psychotic nephew in check. Alas they didn't let the hound have his lines.
622	liquidemail	2012-04-29	i thought the Joffrey scene with the two women was more about Tyrion hatred than sadistic enjoyment.  The scene started and ended with joffrey talking about his uncle and i thought the cruelty to the woman was secondary to making a statement to his uncle.  I felt it was about him saying to his uncle i might not be to hurt you without looking like a mad king, but i dont need your advice or your gifts, so let me hurt the type of women you love so much.
623	Currawong	2012-05-01	Why didn't Catlyn kil LF (or have him killed) given that she knows he was complicit in Ned's betrayal and murder?  His only defense to her allegation in the knife scene seemed to be something like "I had to do it; it was him or me."  For a person who supposedly is a first-class hater, Catlyn is certainly a wimp.Undoubtedly because even the HBO Cat that you hate is not stupid enough to murder someone in that situation, especially when they are both guests in Renly's camp.   She didn't murder Tyrion in Season 1, when she thought he'd attacked Bran and when she was surrounded by Stark supporters at the inn, so why on earth would she be so stupid with LF?
624	PetyrPunkinhead	2013-03-17	I'm re-watching S2 on Blu-Ray and thought I'd comment on each episode w/ their respective special features as I go. Yes, I know there's a general S2 blu-ray thread, but it's a long and unwieldy beast.I love Davos' telling of how he became the Onion Knight in the histories special feature. Also, the commentary track by Melisandre and Davos is pretty good. There comments aren't all that enlightening, but they both have such great voices that it kept me entertained enough to listen tot he whole track and not just skip forward tot he end. And you know why I wanted to hear their comments on the last scene--the scene. And they don't disappoint. Apparently there was a crew of men off camera working hydraulics to make Melisandre's stomach bubble and writhe. She also comments on how the prosthetic came w/ it's very own massive merkin. There's also a funny anecdote about the first time Liam (the actor that plays Davos) saw Melisandre in her prosthetic stomach and vagina.
					
					
							Edited by PetyrPunkinhead, 17 March 2013 - 01:26 AM.
625	Ran	2012-04-22	What'd you think of "Garden of Bones"?
626	TheHedgeWizard	2012-04-22	Loved it 9. Don't know why they had to make Xaro Xhoan Daxos a summer islander but i am glad the Summer Islands atleast got a shoutout in the show.
627	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-22	Because he is black and black people are from the Summer Islands.
628	Jakester	2012-04-22	Far too much gore and violence.
Also that bit with Joffrey and the prostitutes, was that really necessary? It wasn't even in the books from what i remember. Most people already hate or dislike him.
629	Iron Captain	2012-04-22	Far too much gore and violence.Also that bit with Joffrey and the prostitutes, was that really necessary? It wasn't even in the books from what i remember. Most people already hate or dislike him.So did you give it a 1? How could anyone rate it that bad.  EDIT: Don't know for sure it was you that gave it the one, it just popped up with your post.I gave it a 7.  It was a good episode, but not the best.  Tyrion was great as always, and I didn't even mind the Joffrey scene (although I would have liked to see Tyrion's response).  I wasn't thrilled with what happened with Robb, other than the introduction of Roose.I did enjoy Stannis and Renly, and liked the CGI of the shadow baby.  Dany's scenes were a little slow, but I liked how they made her look helpless in front of the 13.I think this was another set up episode, and next week is going to be great.
					
					
							Edited by Iron Captain, 22 April 2012 - 09:11 PM.
630	Ser Frank Haven	2012-04-22	The shadow babies looked so awesome ! Roose was spot one . I gave it a 10! .Also , Stannis says my favorite line .
631	boojam	2012-04-22	Best written episode so far.
Dang it! HBO , your killing us, 10 episodes is not enough for for the  exposition.
Wish I could blame it on George, but what George wrote is just too good.
I see about Harrenhal, a combo of the unseen Arya escape adventure.
Big glich here , what the heck information where they after? Useless once Harrenhal is reached.
The Harrenhal narrative is my only objection. Kind of goofy.
The rest is a bulls eye condensation of that section of CoK, given one has to tell the story in less than 60 min..
I am not going to criticize it but what as the idea of not displaying Dragon? 
I can't remember but I thought that was what bought Dany quick entry?
Man they must be saving back the CGI budget.
Kind of a puzzle.
632	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-22	Greywind was amazing.
Tyrion was the brilliant as always.
I liked Roose, a dad I can be proud of.
I liked the looked of Harrenhal.
The torture was blown out of proportion, didn't see a thing there was a bucket in the way.  The violence was tame this episode, it's much more violent to see beheadings and all out battle.
The Mountain looked awful scrawny.
Littlefinger is really not subtle, even my 67 year old actual father felt he was running his mouth too much.
Jeyne being from volantis and Robb being taken by her at the end of a massacre seems silly.
Tywin saving the day was a bit weird.
Oh and now that I see it acted out in the show I can't understand why the Qartheen wouldn't slaughter Daeny and her pathetic khalesar and take the dragons.
					
					
							Edited by The Bastard of Bolton, 22 April 2012 - 09:25 PM.
633	James Arryn	2012-04-22	Aside from my usual issue with Renly, I thought the Joff scene was a bit over the top.  I admit that it might seem that way because readers already know who/what he is, and maybe viewers need it made more evident.
And I need to keep reminding myself that these aren't the books, so that every departure doesn't seem so annoying.
Of the departures today, Cat's performance with Ned's bones was awesome.
And Charles Dance can pack more electricity in 90 seconds of screen time than anyone else in the show.
The opening scene with Robb/Grey Wind was awesome.
I liked the idea of seeing Robb from his enemy's POV. A kind of frightening looking young warrior at home with the wild night, a preternatural skill at warfare, and a huge fucking direwolf. If you hadn't read he books with a Stark POV as the foundation, Robb could easily look like the scary bad guy.
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 22 April 2012 - 09:29 PM.
634	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-22	8,5, but I voted 8. Could have been better but was really good. If HBO had been faster (3 episodes in Craster's, really?) and Jon had appeared, I would have rated it higher, 9,
635	ckal	2012-04-22	Joff/whores scene was pointless, although kind of funny.
Robb/battlefield chick was pointless.
The new Mountain really sucks.
Dany scene was ok.
Tywin is one of my favorite on the show. He grabs my attention every single second he is on screen.
Not so sure what Littlefinger is doing this season. Seems to be setting up to get his big day though.
How could they pack all of Ned's bones into that tiny box?
Roose Bolton was great.
Why would Lannister men ever say Loras Tyrell is a better swordsman than Jaime is?
Stannis/Renly parley scene needed more time.
Joff/Sansa scene was good, but could have used more time. I was hoping for the Hound to step in and tell them to stop.
These episodes are so damn short, what the hell?
636	snapdragon	2012-04-22	Best written episode so far.Dang it! HBO , your killing us, 10 episodes is not enough for for the  exposition.Wish I could blame it on George, but what George wrote is just too good.I see about Harrenhal, a combo of the unseen Arya escape adventure.Big glich here , what the heck information where they after? Useless once Harrenhal is reached.The Harrenhal narrative is my only objection. Kind of goofy.The rest is a bulls eye condensation of that section of CoK, given one has to tell the story in less than 60 min..I am not going to criticize it but what as the idea of not displaying Dragon?I can't remember but I thought that was what bought Dany quick entry?Man they must be saving back the CGI budget.Kind of a puzzle.that thought crossed my mind as well. at first i thought i wasn't remembering it correctly. i'll have to check the book soon.Overall, i have to say this episode was one of my least favorites. The scene with Joffrey and the whores was completely unnessessary. and,,,, ummm,,,NO PEACH ?! my heart sunk when the scene ended without that fruit! he pulled out a freakin apple when he was talking to littlefinger and that was it! very miffed.all that, and no jon /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Every minute of Tyrion was extremely good as always, especially the scene with Lancel- whose expressions were priceless XDArya was pretty good. As someone else pointed out, there was A LOT of gore. But i feel that that kind of made it truer to the books, so i dont particularly mind.Looks like next episode should be good- we'll get to spend some time north of the Wall /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />)))))
637	winteriscoming73	2012-04-22	Also that bit with Joffrey and the prostitutes, was that really necessary? It wasn't even in the books from what i remember. Most people already hate or dislike him.Definitely agree with you. I enjoyed the episode overall but that scene wasn't necessary. The fact that J is a monster has already been firmly established and really wish they would have used that time for something else .Thought the end scene was good. I enjoyed watching my wife who hasn't read the books react to the shadow baby. Also agree with others regarding the casting of Roose. Short scene but he was excellent.
638	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-22	I'd give it an 8.5, but I voted 8.  Very good all around, but a bit disjointed (as with most of this season, things feel rushed because they're trying to fit to much in to single episodes- I really think that they should have done at least 12 episodes this season).  I like Littlefinger proposing the Jaime for the girls trade; it will make Cat's release of Jaime seem a bit more rational.
I loved the quick intro to Roose Bolton.  Tyrion once again stole the show. I can't wait for next week.
P.S.- bring back the original Mountain!  Hopefully he'll be available again and reclaim the role.  If the series makes it to his duel with the Viper, then I want the original Mountain fighting it in all of his glory.
					
					
							Edited by Hedge Lawyer, 22 April 2012 - 09:47 PM.
639	Hedge Lawyer	2012-04-22	Also, I liked the Joffrey and the whores scene.  It firmly established his sadism in a way that even the Sansa scene didn't- after all, he's always held a grudge against Sansa since the incident with Micah, and he hates the Starks in general.  The fact that he passed up sex to torture prostitutes that never did anything to him shows Joff in an even dimmer light.  Joff is basically Ramsey Bolton level evil on the show, whereas he wasn't quite that bad in the book.
640	RL Terrill	2012-04-22	I loved the opening scene! Funny, with a good build up of tension. Fantastic Grey Wind/Robb morph! For that scene alone all most punched the 10, the Mountain made me hit the 9.
 I thought Littlefinger was a bit off his game trying to tell Cat, that, hey with Ned gone now, maybe they could get together! Wish Cat would have stuck him with the pointy end. 
Not the biggest fan of the Joff/Ros scene, but it does make the point that Joff is a sick, sick little puppy.
Appreciated how well the writers condensed and streamlined some of the threads, missed the peach though, should have kept it in. It was so Renly.
Showdowbaby, disgustingly brilliant!
641	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-22	Very solid 9 episode.  It had me from Grey Wind to shadowbaby. 
I jumped a mile off the couch when Grey Wind popped out.  Awesome, awesome, awesome if for the split second they showed the wolf. 
Michelle Fairley delivered better than ever.  So much was said with just her face and eyes.  Ned's bones being delivered was a heartbreaker.  I liked how Littlefinger is being added as the one who brought the news of a possible trade.  It will really help a TV audience understand why she lets Jamie go since they can't exactly give her internal monologue. 
The introduction to Qarth was good, but not all that great.  It might just be my personal distaste for book Dany that prevented me from fully enjoying the scene.
Very curious with how the Talisa/Jeyne and Ros/Daisy storyline will work out.  I enjoyed Talisa and Robb's scenes.  I was a supporter of Ros, but I'm starting to tire of her being the go-to whore in King's Landing.  I understand they can't continuously introduce new whores, but her acting just isn't as strong as it was.
The shadow baby, holy shit!!!  Better than I imagined!!! 
Harrenhall looks much scarier and more like I imagined in the books than what previous trailers showed.  The only true complaint I have is that the new Mountain just didn't exhibit that air of terror.  I didn't buy him as the leader of Polliver, the Tickler, et al. 
Next weeks episode looks like it will be a killer!
642	wolverine	2012-04-22	I liked last weeks episode better.  But so far I have liked this season better than the first one.
643	Howdyphillip	2012-04-22	10 again... I dare you to find a better episode of anything on television this week.
For the person who gave this episode a one....
Please go watch The Star Wars Christmas special and compare.
					
					
							Edited by Howdyphillip, 22 April 2012 - 10:42 PM.
644	zippypoodle	2012-04-22	And I need to keep reminding myself that these aren't the books, so that every departure doesn't seem so annoying.Rather than respond as I'd like to the purists, I'll just give you kudos for this attitude instead.Very good episode. I'm interested to see where they take the Talisa thing and whether she is taking the Jeyne Westerling/Lannister role or is a temporary fling for Rob. My bet is on the former. And there is nothing that prevents her yet from being a Lannister, although the accent makes me doubt it.
645	The Greenseer	2012-04-22	I gave it an 8, but on further consideration probably should have been a 7. 
If the show has to make cuts due to screen time & budget constraints, why add so much crap in that isn't even in the books?  
Examples:
Joff and hookers-Joff is already evil enough we don't need additional made for tv scenes to drive that point home.
Robb and silent sister: has no point unless that turns out to be Jeyne, which seems to make no sense.
LF and Cat: 'let's get it together baby, here's your husbands bones!' what lame BS.
Dany getting belligerent with the Qarth: whats the point? There will be plenty of time for her to grow into her royal self. Highly unlikely after starving in the desert and begging for food.
Other disappointments:
The mountain that rides: looks more like the tree that walks, put some stuffing under that armor, and bulk homeboy up a bit!
Mel's shadow babies: looked more like a black fog machine,  than a shadow. I think it could have been done more like, well... a shadow!
Also my wife who has not read the books, was lost and had many questions, which has me fearing for the overall viewership of the show. The fast dialogue with thick accents are not helping much. Particularly the Stannis/Davos scene, any non book viewer had to be wondering WTF they were talking about. Same with the Arya prisoner scenes, IMO it was not clear as to where they were, and what info the torturers were trying to get, if you were a non reader.
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 23 April 2012 - 09:11 AM.
646	Lord Godric	2012-04-22	Not as good as last weeks, imo.  But still phenomenal. I gave it an 8. Some very greatly acted scenes.  And this is one of those episodes where they rewrote things for the show, and it really works well to push the story along.  I'm thinking mainly of the Cat/Littlefinger stuff and the reworking of the boat scene with Mel and Davos.
647	Tadco26	2012-04-22	gave it a 7.  Some really great scenes that were like watching the book come to life and some really poorly written scenes that made me cringe.
I liked:
Tyrion.  They have kept his scenes very close to the book material and his character and scenes have flourished because of it.  Lancel did a great job with his part as well.
Tickler:  Looked as I imagined, nice mention of the brotherhood, though it brings to question why they didn't have Ser Amory looking for the brotherhood instead of Gendry last episode.  As I suspected, we are asked to believe that Ser Amory personally went searching for Gendry by name with his patrol but didn't even get the basic physical description that he was dark haired, and so they believed Arya's lie.  Harrenhal looked pretty cool, but one of my non-reader friends was confused on where all these other people came from and what village they were asking about during the torture since we never saw a village on the show or any captives being taken from them.
Shadow baby:  Awesome scene.  I didn't like some of the dialogue leading up to it, such as Mel suggesting that Davos wanted her, but the birthing looked about perfect.  Apparently there is some confusion among non readers because it was more black smoke baby than shadow, but it worked for me.
Dislikes:
Joffrey and the whores.  Not because it was poorly acted, it wasn't, and not because Joffrey wouldn't possibly do this, he might.  It just was a REALLY long scene when you include Tyrion's dialogue with the Hound setting it up, and it didn't add anything of importance to the story.  This is the type of original scene that I really dislike, not because it wasn't in the book, but because so many great scenes from the book have to be cut due to time restrictions, but they find so much time for this rather pointless scene.  If there was 20 episodes for this season it would be a minor foot note, but with only 10 time is precious and there are better things they could spend that time on.
Qarth:  This scene was really awkwardly written.  Dany threatening that she is going to come back and burn the city down later, when she admits that if they don't let her in, she and her group will die?  In the context of TV game of thrones, why don't the Thirteen just force her to give up her dragons?  Her Kalisar in the books is weak, but still several hundred people even if many are women, elderly and Xaro comes to her in the dead city that Dany is camped at and recovering and invites her to come so that the 13 can pay homage and see her dragons.  But in the show for her to threaten them when they are basicly her only hope for survival rather than just show them at least one of the dragons seemed silly.
The fart joke leading up to the Stark attack.  Two fart jokes in the first four episodes isn't exactly what I would go with if your trying to get fantasy to be taken seriously and not as sophomoric entertainment.  Disappointing that all the battles have to be cut due to budget.  Nice to see the flash of Grey Wind though.  I also think they are way over playing Renly and Loras' relationship, it's something that many readers miss on until it is pointed out, and never struck me as something that common men-at-arms would have any knowledge of.
Other thoughts:
Cat and Littlefinger was well acted, but I'm not sure I like where it is going if it results in Jamie being released before 
	Spoiler Rickon and Bran's "death"

Missed not seeing Renly's peach and seeing Lightbringer glowing for the first time.
Reserving judgement on Talisa from Volantis and what appears to be a romantic story line for Robb.
Reserving judgement on Arya being Tywin's cup bearer.  It seems like Arya not "thinking" about naming Tywin as one of her 3 is much more far fetched if she is interacting with him daily.
Wish they would just have had Stannis recount the entirety of how Davos became "Ser" Davos. Leaving out the onions and the history is the type of thing that could have been covered if they weren't spending so much time on Joffrey and his whores sadist scene.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 22 April 2012 - 11:31 PM.
648	The Greenseer	2012-04-22	Sorry dbl post
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 22 April 2012 - 11:27 PM.
649	flame7926	2012-04-22	I think it was better than last weeks and the one before, way better flow and structure. Liked it a lot, gave it an 8. Arya parts were great, only the Mountain wasnt very visible. And the Tickler wasnt named, and didnt do the torturing himself. Liked the Stannis stuff and shadow baby. Littlefinger acts too childish. Sansa thing was good too, but the prostitutes and Joffrey had me cringing, just too much. Unnecessary IMO.
650	Kozma	2012-04-22	Joff and prostitutes is just grizzly scene. Sceptre as sex toy is beyond my comprehension.
651	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-22	Great episode
The Dany scenes were sooo awkward but I did enjoy watching them.
I may be one of the few, but I love naive show Renly. next week will be so saaad.
Robb Stark was crushin it on the battlefield.  next season will be so saaaad.
For some reason that was the theme for me this episode, everything seemed optimistic and it bummed me out that nothing will go that way.
652	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-23	I gave it a 9. I did like Harrenhal's look, much how I expected it, but I was disappointed Tywin and not Roose was there. I mean I understand some story alterations, but others seem unnecessary.
I liked seeing Littlefinger though, he's such a compelling character I'll make excuses for him lol. Let's see....what else....the scene w/Mel at the end was crazy. I wasn't sure how that'd be done, but thought it was done well, every part.
653	Oberyn King	2012-04-23	Gave it a solid 8.
So, is Joffrey the new mad King? Was that kind of violence necessary?
But Lancel was great. And Roose and Xaro. And the shadow baby.
654	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-23	For the first time, I gave an episode a 10.  Harrenhal was outstanding.  Melisandre's shadow was awesome.  Showing that the result of battle isn't pretty gave the show realism.  Tyrion, as usual, was so much fun to watch.  The scene with Joffrey and the whores, though not really necessary, fit my, "anything that makes people hate Joffrey, is good", criteria.
655	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-04-23	I gave it a 9. I did like Harrenhal's look, much how I expected it, but I was disappointed Tywin and not Roose was there. I mean I understand some story alterations, but others seem unnecessary.I liked seeing Littlefinger though, he's such a compelling character I'll make excuses for him lol. Let's see....what else....the scene w/Mel at the end was crazy. I wasn't sure how that'd be done, but thought it was done well, every part. Tywin controlled Harrenhal in ACOK when Arya and co. first arrived iirc. Roose took the castle later in the book.
					
					
							Edited by Hot Pie Targaryen, 23 April 2012 - 12:24 AM.
656	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-23	I rated it a 4. I don't mind the fact that changes are made from what's in the book - it's TV, changes have to be made. But so much time devoted to wholly new scenes that add nothing new and take time away from an interesting story, or else change the story in ways that make no sense to me. OK, we got it - Joffrey is a very bad person - why spend more time trying to convince us he's no good? He's already one of the most one-dimensional characters in the story. Where are they going with Robb and this battlefield surgeon working for the Lannisters? Dany is for some reason rejected by Qarth and threatens to come back when her dragons are grown and wipe out the city of Qarth? Why wouldn't they simply exterminate her now? Catelyn meets Littlefinger with anger and hatred, rejects his baffling attempt to woo her and yet is manipulated into the start of her decision to free Jaime?
Oh, and why is the smoke monster from LOST crawling out of Melisandre?
As the saying goes, the opposite of love isn't hate, it's indifference. The show is starting to get boring.
					
					
							Edited by BoldAsYouPlease, 23 April 2012 - 12:24 AM.
657	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	9. Great episode. For reasonns all mentioned already.  The Mountain was parhetic.
It's a good thing Deny is spazing out already, starts giving the viewers the right idea about what shes like,and the "true targ" coment was ment to emphasize it.
Seems strange that you peeps gave last weeks episode a better rating, so far. Imo last week was a 7-8 at best.
658	vacendak	2012-04-23	OK, I understand time issues and such.  I hope the change we saw with Davos bring Melesande to deliver the shadow baby doesn't change the Cortnay Penrose scene.  Also, this change seems silly as Renly is living in tents.  There is no need for Davos to take her into a sea passage tunnel system like the one under Storm's End.  Hope they don't screw my Cortnay Penrose!  "Set Down Our Deeds."
					
					
							Edited by vacendak, 23 April 2012 - 01:10 AM.
659	rmholt	2012-04-23	How could they pack all of Ned's bones into that tiny box?These episodes are so damn short, what the hell?We got a box containing a whole skeleton for study and the box was about right.  I think in the book he was laid out however.
660	rmholt	2012-04-23	Oh, and why is the smoke monster from LOST crawling out of Melisandre?Bahaha - my thought precisely.  I guess bc he is so damn effective.
661	rmholt	2012-04-23	Well I gave it a 9 and a few "holy cr*p"s but perhaps on the re-watching will change.  Among the non=unsullied are the HBO GO extra features worthwhile?  I imagine they are beneficial for those who havent read the books.
662	Monday	2012-04-23	Oh, and why is the smoke monster from LOST crawling out of Melisandre?It even had the smoke monster sound effects. /dry.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
663	rmholt	2012-04-23	http://www.rollingst...psycho-20120422
You're welcome
664	Eira Seren	2012-04-23	The Melisandre scenes, Harrenhal, and Tyrion scenes were great.  In fact, the Arya, Jon, and Tyrion scenes are mainly the best the season has had to show so far.  Unfortunately, I feel like whatever momentom occurs, it is not happening in the right place in the episodes. so that somehow the vitality is getting diffused.  There's a lot of odd changes, and some truly bad dialogue (the gates of Qarth, for instance).  Robb is fighting all these battles, I was glad to finally get to see one, if only the beginning.
This was the best episode OVERALL this season.  I feel the good parts are where the show ought to have been, starting out, on episode 201.  Am getting a little disappointed in this season.  Feel like I'm watching Camelot again, where there were spots of brilliance and I would think, "Oh, good, now it's starting to take off, next episode will be really good"--only it was the exact same experience the following time.  Cohesively, as a whole, an entire episode - and season- should have us watching because each scene, moment, second is important.  Like good writing, where every word is working to earn its keep.  I can't say I feel this way about a lot of the footage so far this season.  Hopefully the season will get it togther and I won't be at this point again next week, hoping for the best. . .
665	Michaelj	2012-04-23	Really liked this episode, 10/10
666	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-23	I rated it a 10, despite all the violence. I thought it was an outstanding episode with much stronger writing than episode 3.Qarth:  This scene was really awkwardly written.  Dany threatening that she is going to come back and burn the city down later, when she admits that if they don't let her in, she and her group will die?  In the context of TV game of thrones, why don't the Thirteen just force her to give up her dragons?  Her Kalisar in the books is weak, but still several hundred people even if many are women, elderly and Xaro comes to her in the dead city that Dany is camped at and recovering and invites her to come so that the 13 can pay homage and see her dragons.  But in the show for her to threaten them when they are basicly her only hope for survival rather than just show them at least one of the dragons seemed silly. The Qartheen don't know how powerful the dragons are, nor do they want to ruin their reputation.I thought her entry into Qarth was more believable than in the books.
667	templar7	2012-04-23	Joff/whores scene was pointless, although kind of funny.Robb/battlefield chick was pointless.The new Mountain really sucks.Dany scene was ok.Tywin is one of my favorite on the show. He grabs my attention every single second he is on screen.Not so sure what Littlefinger is doing this season. Seems to be setting up to get his big day though.How could they pack all of Ned's bones into that tiny box?Roose Bolton was great.Why would Lannister men ever say Loras Tyrell is a better swordsman than Jaime is?Stannis/Renly parley scene needed more time.Joff/Sansa scene was good, but could have used more time. I was hoping for the Hound to step in and tell them to stop.These episodes are so damn short, what the hell?How much room would imagine a human skeleton would take up? Ever seen one at a doctors office? In pieces you could probably fit one into an empty beercase. lol I agree that the mountain was week, and Roose was great. The Chick on the battle field scene, you will find becomes essential to Robbs story. be patient with that one.
668	Davos55	2012-04-23	I would give it an 8.5, so I rounded up to a 9 due to finally seeing Roose Bolton and the excellent Grey Wolf scene. Great opening to the episode (though I could have done without another fart joke, it just doesn't make sense for this show) and Bolton was awesome in his short scene.
I feel like Tyrion and Twin stole the show this week. Tyrion is always amazing, and his scenes with Sansa and Lancel were very well done. Tywin just has some great presence to him that I can't really explain, but I just always think he kills it in every scene he is in. Probably because Dance is an amazing actor. I liked him just strolling in and calling Polliver an idiot.
As far as Davos goes, they should just fully explain his backstory, so the nonbook readers know what he is talking to Stannis and Mel about. I also really don't like that Mel suggests that he wants her. I don't buy that for a second! Very strange. Shadow baby was pretty legit though.
I don't know how I feel about Jeyne Westerling field nurse Volantene girl yet. Initially I am not impressed.  Dany's scenes at Qarth with the "Spice King" were pretty funny for some reason. I really hope we get to see more of the dragons this season though, not just Drogon.
I would have liked a mention of Beric Dondarrion, and nonbook readers probably had no idea what village or brotherhood they were talking about. Interesting "tickling" method...not done by the Tickler. Totally brought me back to the opening of Fast and Furious 2, where they tortured a guy the same way.
The whore scene took way too long, and was just a little ridiculous in my opinion. Also, is the actress that plays Ros pregnant or something? She looks different, and always has tons of clothes on now, but that was just my random thought. That other whore is having some bad luck lately!
Don't know why I wrote so much, but anyways, good episode, can't wait til next week as always!
669	salt	2012-04-23	I'm conflicted about this one.  The good was really good, and the bad was really bad.  Something about the Joff/hookers scene didn't feel right...it felt more like GRRRR I'M MEAN than someone actually getting sadistic pleasure, and it dragged on too long.Qarth was awkward as hellllll.  Bad dialog, invoking the rite sounded cheesey, and the graphics with the doors opening didn't feel right.  Besides making me very aware I was looking at a greenscreen, the vastness of the city clashed with how small the reception felt..."Welcome to the greatest city that ever was or ever will be!  Here is the entire ruling council, with 10 guards." Oxcross was great, so were the Tyrion scenes.  Liked Renly and Stannis but wanted more.  Renly saying he used to love Stannis, however...another example of TV Renly retaining very little of book Renly. Shadowbaby....nah.  The scene felt rushed, and why the hell was it screeching like some Harry Potter monster?  Visually it looked cool, otherwise I thought the scene was weak.
670	teemo	2012-04-23	But he invoked.....SOUMAI!
671	Orestes	2012-04-23	Overall loved the episode - solid 8!
Less liked Joff/whores scene, only because I think they should have focus Joff's wickedness more on Sansa... in the books he was a lot more brutal to her and I would like to see that rather than him being sadistic with some poor whores. (Also I dislike Sansa and everything about her so maybe that's just me curing my frustration /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> ). However, I would much more prefer other awesome scenes from the book, I feel there's a bit too much "let's shock the viewers" thing going on.
Bolton was great, I instantly recognized him! Harenhall looked awesome!
Rob/Talisa story was ok, I guess, I have to see where they go with it.
Arya and Tyrion scenes were great as usual. Especially scene with Lancel. Cat was good too but TV LF sucks. I hope the writers know what are they doing with LF because he seems more and more piteous to me and that shouldn't be the thing I feel when I see LF.
Dany and Qarth were "meh" but I'm glad that they're finally moving forward with her story.
The best parts - Robb and Grey Wolf scene and shadowbaby - pure win! Can't wait to watch it again with boyfriend and see his reaction. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
672	Davos55	2012-04-23	Does anyone actually know what Soumai is?!?
673	Goodbrother	2012-04-23	Best episode for this season, so far.
674	salt	2012-04-23	Does anyone actually know what Soumai is?!?The ancient rite of cutting your hand for the sake of plot progression.It seemed that Xaro was taking on responsibility for Dany and her people- if they did anything bad in the city Xaro would be to blame, and would presumably be severely punished.  It was not in the books.
675	boojam	2012-04-23	Ok, somebody has got to come up with a term.
Last year it was  sexposition.
Joffrey and the prostitutes.... each of the first four S2 episodes has had a zero-sum-sex-scenes.
It's wasting good plot narrative time, of which there is precious little to begin with!
Is this D&D's idea or HBO's.
There have been sex scenes that advance the plot, Stannis and Melisandre on the 'war table', Renly  and  Margaery Tyrell, last week, those were back to sexposition, even the brothel scene transition into the bastard killing scenario actually worked well enough.
Otherwise several have now wasted valuable plot time.
(Frankly I thought George did this from time to time on the printed page , but when you have a gazillion page novel who cares?)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 23 April 2012 - 05:34 AM.
676	Max Stark	2012-04-23	Best episode for this season, so far. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  though I didn't like some parts, especially Joff and his presents. Less screen time for the whores and a little bit more subtlety would be appreciated.The meeting of the Baratheon brothers was mediocre, it was one of my favorite scenes in the book, but somehow they just didn't get it right.But I liked the way they showed us Robb's surprise attack. Of course Tyrion was the best, especially together with Lancel. But Tywin was great, too. I loved what they did to Harrenhal, it's far more gritty and evil than I could have hoped for.Over all I rated it a 9, the good scenes overweighed the bad ones by far and this season finally seems to get some pace.
					
					
							Edited by Max Stark, 23 April 2012 - 05:17 AM.
677	boojam	2012-04-23	A few nits.
Four episodes in and Dany's story has wasted time in the red-waste (actually in George's book this went on too long too).
I thought this episode we would get a glimpse of the three dragons , Dany having them being the selling point... a lot of Dany-time to make up for with just 6 episodes left.
(Jorah's back story gonna be covered some time? don't mind they have skipped it...maybe an abbreviated version later?)
As I remember the Qarthians were no immediate threat because they thought they had a use for her and the dragons.
What happened to the comet? It played a role in her story in CoK.
Looked cool that first episode, that's a CGI that could not have cost much.
Why did they write The Mountain in at all? He could have been moved to the sidelines for the this and the next season.
Harrenhall looked great from a distance, but , well while ok, camera seemed to keep some tight framing. My vision from the book was that the place was in disarray but had had some amount of fix up in the 300 years after the War of Conquest. Maybe in coming weeks we will get a better perspective.
678	boojam	2012-04-23	The meeting of the Baratheon brothers was mediocre, it was one of my favorite scenes in the book, but somehow they just didn't get it right.Yeah, in the book that is a crucial scene, I know they have time constraints, but just a wee bit more elaboration was needed.
679	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-23	I don't know what it is, I'm finding it hard to feel the love this season. Film/TV adaptation never lives up to the book, no matter what, and changes are  necessary. I know this absolutely so it can't be that. After all, I like the book of LOTR much better than the movies but I still loved the movies despite some of the adaptation changes, some of which I didn't like at all.
I think I'm not connecting with the characters like I did in Season 1. The shows have all seemed a little rushed, edited highlights if you will. So some of the added scenes have maybe felt a bit annoying as there's plenty of the book being excluded and additional scenes which I don;t think add much by way of important context, narrative or exposition. I don't mind so much the truncating of Arya's storyline. I'm fine with her becomming Tywin's cupbearer and Tywin knowing she's a girl at first glance. Kinda vastly accentuates the irony of the situation. I also was more than happy with XXD being a Summer Islander, really shuts up all the complainers about there being a well tanned person in Qarth. Still, disappointed that even the Qartheen have toffy English accents. How much of a monoculture is the whole of Martinworld? Seriously, Summer Islanders at least should have a decent Jamaican or African accent. I'll take Javik's Prothean accent from Mass Effect 3 over XXD's garden variety English accent any day.
Some really good scenes from this episode, But pretty much all lifted more or less verbatim from the book. Tyrion v. Lancel - brilliant. And Lancel isn't an awful actor up against the mighty Peter Dinklage. Though I thought the Parlay between Stannis and Renly was not a great piece of acting. Renly didn;t quite hit the right level of dismissive flippancy for me. Still it was a good scene and great to see the words lifted from the page and put into speech. I was really worried about what Ros (are there only 3 whores in the whole of King's Landing aside from Shae?) was going to be made to do with that rod. Damned glad it ended up only being more beatings, thank the gods for small mercies.
Shadow baby was suitably creepy. Davos was suitably grossed out and freaked in equal measure.
Off to lurk on the TWOP forum now.
6/10 for me, all points going to the scenes lifted more or less right off the page.
Gods I hope Littlefinger doesn't help Cat escape Renly's camp next week.
680	The Monkey	2012-04-23	8/10.
The Tickler could have been doing the torture himself, and I didn't get the sense of utter horror that marked the corresponding chapter in the book. The Tickler wasn't even named, but hopefully he can make Arya's list anyway. I loved Tywin's entrance, though. Charles Dance has such a tremendous screen presence, I have no idea how he does it, but I fucking love that guy.
Dany's refusal to show the dragons seemed a bit strange to me, and why she would threaten the 13 in the position she's in is beyond me. I guess we are finally seeing some of that Targaryen madness.
Tyrion was great as always (and no Shae, yay!).
Stannis' portrayal is starting to grow on me. Like the Renly and Stannis parley, but non-readers must've been confused as to how Stannis got there. Wouldn't have hurt to before it have a quick scene of "Stannis has landed on the shore! Quickly, prepare for battle. I'm gonna have a chat with my brother."
I didn't mind the Catelyn/Littlefinger scene. Michelle Fairley performance was top-notch, and her decision to free Jaime makes more sense to viewers this way.
The shadowbaby was every bit as creepy as I had hoped. Fantastic scene.
681	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-04-23	I'll give it a 7.5, leaning towards an eight.
Good points:
Tyrion blah blah as I repeat every week.
Joffrey's acting is brilliant. I'm rather indifferent to the whore scene as a whole, but he was great.
Opening scene was good too.
Harrenhall looked great, and the scenes there were enjoyable too.
Negatives:
Littlefinger acting like a whiny little douche and trying to sleaze on Cat. It simply displays a level of stupidity that his character doesn't have. I find this more annoying that anything else so far.
Also, to those wondering about the girl on the battlefield with Robb, something to consider.
	Spoiler  If Jeyne makes it clear who she is, she would be captured and held as a hostage. Hence the Volantis shtick. By using the disguise aspect, it means that when she is introduced as Jeyne (when Robb storms the castle), a lengthy introductions can be avoided. By using the nurse angle, we also get an insight into her kindness, which will help to explain Robb's dalliances with her later (and give a reason for her to treat his wound). This way works better than "you're hot and consoling me, let's bang". It's also worth remembering that their whole relationship happens "offstage" in ASOIAF. As such, we never really get a proper idea of her character when with Robb. This scene helped set it up.
682	ipsuel	2012-04-23	8/10 from me. Loved it, but let's face it -- I'm gonna love every episode. Lol. I don't think it was so good that it earned a 9 or 10 imo... Although the scene with Tyrion "educating" Joffrey is 10/10 material for me.The whore scene was ridiculous, I wasn't a fan of the shadow baby, and (although I love TV Tywin) him walking around talking to the prisoners just seemed silly. Other than that, I think--it was very good. Needless to say, the scenery, production values, etc gets a clear 11/10 for me!
683	episodenone	2012-04-23	I gave it a 6.
The new Mountain was a disappointment.
Some of the scenes were a little slow - as well as Joff. 
Tyrion earned the show back some points --
But then Littlefinger comes across as such a buffoon -- and in the books I got the impression that he was so sly.
Robb was great - and I loved how they contrasted him with Joff.  
Even more interesting was how he reminded us all he is his father's son...  doesn't mind fighting a war -- but doesn't want the spoils -- a la the Iron Throne.
And then it seemed to end before it started.
684	The Black Wolf	2012-04-23	I gave it an 8... There are some really good things in this episode. I liked Robb's, Sansa's and Tyrion's scenes... loved Harrenhal and the shadow baby. However, the scene with Joffrey and the whores seemed a bit too long (and, as others have pointed out, is Ros the only prostitute in King's Landing?) and I think the show is overplaying Littlefinger's love for Catelyn to a ridiculous extent (I always thought he felt more resentment than love towards Cat at this point in the story...). Why does LF have to appear so stupid sometimes in this season? I thought he was basically perfect in the first season... why change him like this now?
Overall I really liked the episode but, as always, it seems to be too short and sometimes I think the jumping between scenes lacks cohesion.
685	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-23	It was a very good episode. A 7 from me.
Dany + Qarth was a flopping joke. In the books Dany is shown as a very cunning and persuasive character (the first half of her wilderness treck). It seemed a very poorly written scene where Dany was made to look very small.
Ros Ros Ros. why do we keep having Ros.... I would have rather seen Joff use his 3 arrow crossbow to shoot at animals maiming and missing, like in the books, than this scene. That would have done the trick of making him look like a saddist but also incompetent.
Shadow! fucking! babies! that was so cool!! hahaha. When i was reading the books I recall the shock and the bruise on my jaw after it hit the floor. So it was not quite a surprise. But i wonder what my non-book friends will think. I would have liked there to be more blood and fluids for the birth though... just to make it more fleshy and not completely just magic as being separate from her... to make it look like it was a part of her and stannis rather than just a magic spell or thing that she was just transporting.
Cant stand LF the more i see him. They have ruined him.
686	episodenone	2012-04-23	I don't know what it is, I'm finding it hard to feel the love this season. Film/TV adaptation never lives up to the book, no matter what, and changes are  necessary. I know this absolutely so it can't be that. After all, I like the book of LOTR much better than the movies but I still loved the movies despite some of the adaptation changes, some of which I didn't like at all.I think I'm not connecting with the characters like I did in Season 1. The shows have all seemed a little rushed, edited highlights if you will. So some of the added scenes have maybe felt a bit annoying as there's plenty of the book being excluded and additional scenes which I don;t think add much by way of important context, narrative or exposition.I'm with you - and now I don;t feel all alone about it. For the record - I think the "1" vote was a mishit by someone.
687	DarkSnow	2012-04-23	Where was the Peach?
688	TheEvilKing	2012-04-23	I gave it a 7.
Good bits:
Harrenhal looked dope. Arya's scenes were all good, Tywin was great.
All the scenes involving Renly and his camp were excellent.
Tyrion was great as always.
Joffrey being a dick is always a positive.
Bad bits:
Jeyne's scene was rubbish. I can already tell I'm not going to enjoy her character.
The Qarth stuff seemed a bit too cartoonish after the ultra-seriousness of Dany's storyline so far.
689	WinterWarrior	2012-04-23	I thought it was a great episode and gave it a 10. There were things I did not like - every time Ros is on the screen I don't like it and that scene with Joff was totally unnecessary. We already know he is a sadist - although I must say the actor who playes Joff is excellent. And young to be so talented.
Greywind - Robb was great.
Cat was excellent in all of her scenes.
Roos Bolton was Roos.
Harrenhall was great, I thought Arya was great but the twist to the story from her being Tywin's cupbearer instead of going to the cleaning crew first makes me wonder who her first "kill" will be, they must be changing that part of the story.
Millesandre is very well played.
I have to say though, the series is very violent and full of "evil'" stuff which those of us who have read the books understand. But people who have not read the books may not and may get turned off by it. My husband is one of those and thinks the series is just too strange....with too many dark forces. Even when I try to explain all of the story lines to him....there is not enough time to develop the characters where you see the good in some people to counter the bad in so many others. That is why I fear that not having good characters like Meera and Jojen to balance the bad just makes it too dark for those who have not read the books.
					
					
							Edited by WinterWarrior, 23 April 2012 - 07:33 AM.
690	Fez	2012-04-23	Not as good as last week, but overall I liked the episode quite a bit; it's a 7.
The biggest problem was the Joffrey/prostitutes scene; it went on for far too long. Particularly since the whole episode was only 50 minutes long.  I also wasn't the biggest fan of the Dany/13 scene.  Not due to the lack of dragons but because it felt and looked like something straight out of a '80s fantasy film.  And Littlefinger continues to act stupidly around people with the power to order his execution; just doesn't jive with me.
On the other hand, the Harrenhall scenes were fantastic in an incredibly disturbing 1984 type way; the Renly/Stannis scene was really good and looked beautiful at that location (although I missed the peach); the Shadowbaby was suitably creepy; and Tyrion was suitably awesome as always.
The rest of the episode was solid.
ETA: And I'm big fan of the Harrenhall entry in the credits; no moving parts, just blackened lumps.
					
					
							Edited by Fez, 23 April 2012 - 07:38 AM.
691	Dacie	2012-04-23	I was so freakin' excited to see Harrenhal in the opening, and it was every bit as terrifying and horrible as I imagined.
The Tickler torture was completely /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> which was pretty perfect.
Loved it when Tywin strode in like a boss.
Tyrion was awesome.
I liked the Cat and Littlefinger addition. 
The Renly and Stannis parley was great, even without the peach.
The only thing I really didnt care for was the Qarth scene.
ETA: also didn't care for Joffrey and the prostitutes.
					
					
							Edited by GiveMeSomeSnow, 23 April 2012 - 07:43 AM.
692	ServantOnIce	2012-04-23	Again, tired of Ros, please get rid of her already . . I agree that scene was unnecessary but hey this is HBO right?
I liked the writing and Roose Bolton even though he looks nothing like Roose (give the man a black wig will you?) he looked more like Ser Ilyn Payne's brother . . . he did a great acting job.  
I was upset there was no Theon in this episode  . . . .
I found the scene in the red waste with the Dothraki rider funny . . . 
I liked Qaarth  . . . 
The scenes with Peter Dinklage are outstanding . . the man can act . . . I wish Syrio had a real sword not a practice sword or he could have taken Ser Meryn. Bronn punking him out was hilarious.  Do you think Gerald Hightower or Ser Arthur Dayne would have allowed Bronn to get away with that? Nope .  . but it was as Ser Selmy said, "I can cut down the five of you . . "
The Kingsguard has really fallen off under the Baratheon dynasty.
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 23 April 2012 - 07:46 AM.
693	Chelly	2012-04-23	Another episode I loved. I gave it a 9/10. Some good television. I squeed when I saw Harrenhal and Qarth in the credits, very much like how I squeed when Pyke was added. I wonder if they are going to do some beyond the Wall as Jon and company travel farther out.
694	rmholt	2012-04-23	But he invoked.....SOUMAI!Yeah wtf was that?  something from prior stories?
695	rmholt	2012-04-23	Another episode I loved. I gave it a 9/10. Some good television. I squeed when I saw Harrenhal and Qarth in the credits, very much like how I squeed when Pyke was added. I wonder if they are going to do some beyond the Wall as Jon and company travel farther out.Not obsessive about it but it seemed they put the walls around Qarth in the expected form.  If the qarthians are so insistent on having the name pronounced correctly, GRRM should have had the books proofed a little better /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
696	rmholt	2012-04-23	I kind of wish ppl would stop bringing up Ros.  No reflection on poster or their opinions - I havent noticed her as a distinct individual as I dont really attend to the pros scenes but now she has become memorable from all the complaints!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
697	Mr. E	2012-04-23	Not obsessive about it but it seemed they put the walls around Qarth in the expected form.  If the qarthians are so insistent on having the name pronounced correctly, GRRM should have had the books proofed a little better /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I honestly think that was an in-joke, because of the English language's phoneme "qu", which is pretty much the only form of "Q" in English--that is, whenever you see a q, with very, very, very, very, very, rare exception, it has a "u" after it, making that "kwa" sound.So I can just see half the actors and set workers on GOT mistakenly pronouncing it KWARTH, simply because that's what English has taught them to do, and then D&D adding that line in for clarification and a nudge at the crew.And speaking of that scene, I'm a little surprised at the widespread negative reaction to it. I thought it was one of the best in the show, especially showcasing Dany's desperate situation and the weakness of her position. Emilia Clarke's acting in this scene was spot on. The poor girl has been wandering the desert with little food and less relief for weaks, it doesn't surprise me one bit that she wouldn't be at the top of her game in dealing with a city's ruling class.
698	Cowmilker00	2012-04-23	first half was a little slow and fairly unimportant for the storyline but it came back with a great second half with arya, davos' back story and shadow baby all in all not as good as last week but a solid 8
699	boojam	2012-04-23	Opening credits ... I could watch and listen to that a 1000 times.
But...
whoa doesn't Harrenhal go by like, lickey split!, not much elaboration.
Qarth looked better , but kind of scrunched up.
What was Pyke doing there, I blink, didn't see it in the episode!
700	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-23	I honestly think that was an in-joke, because of the English language's phoneme "qu", which is pretty much the only form of "Q" in English--that is, whenever you see a q, with very, very, very, very, very, rare exception, it has a "u" after it, making that "kwa" sound.So I can just see half the actors and set workers on GOT mistakenly pronouncing it KWARTH, simply because that's what English has taught them to do, and then D&D adding that line in for clarification and a nudge at the crew.And speaking of that scene, I'm a little surprised at the widespread negative reaction to it. I thought it was one of the best in the show, especially showcasing Dany's desperate situation and the weakness of her position. Emilia Clarke's acting in this scene was spot on. The poor girl has been wandering the desert with little food and less relief for weaks, it doesn't surprise me one bit that she wouldn't be at the top of her game in dealing with a city's ruling class.For me, the kwarth karth scene made Dany look like an idiot or a child. The guy pronounced it Karth before she said it herself and then she goes and says it Kwarth and in such a way that seems she has a hard time making the words out. This from the girls who is supposed to secretly know high valyrian. sigh.
701	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-23	8/10.  Overall a very good episode with a few odd/disappointing turns for me.  There were some great scenes, and certainly more positives than negatives, but not quite as good as last week's.  The two Tyrion scenes were his best yet this season as far as I'm concerned.  Enjoyed the entire Qarth sequence (the Spice King was a pleasant surprise - I wasn't expecting much but was quite entertained by his delivery and mannerisms).  I think the Xaro/Dany dynamic will be more interesting on the show than the book's version, which I found to be one of the more predictable and boring parts of ACOK.  The parley was extremely well-done despite one glaring omission (more later).  And the Shadowbaby scene was riveting and phenomenally well-executed.That said, while I don't mind the Talisa storyline per se (and certainly agree with the function that it serves), the initial interaction with her and Robb felt unconvincing to me.  The situation felt contrived and the dialogue and some of the delivery seemed forced - something I'm not used to seeing on this show.  Also the Joff/whores scene, while well executed and certainly effective in its message, was unnecessary and took time away from other, potentially more relevant uses of screen time.  Yes, we know Joff is dangerously sadistic - we just saw as much in the directly previous scene when he threatened Sansa with a loaded crossbow and had her beaten.  There's a fine line between unsubtle and overkill and having a concept so obvious bludgeoned into the audience's head insults its intelligence.  Also wasn't wild about the Cat/Littlefinger scene, although the presentation of Ned's bones helped redeem its shortcomings a bit.  I do wish they'd shown the actual bones though - I talked to two non-readers last night who thought they'd just sent Ned's head in the box!  /ohmy.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':o' />Oh, and there shoulda been a peach.  No reason for there not to be a peach.  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Definitely looking forward to next week though - all hell promises to break loose on a number of fronts!
702	Blisscraft	2012-04-23	Thought it was good, not great.  Certain aspects were amazing.  Never watched "Lost" so the shadow baby looked fantastic.  (The reference was lost on me) Want to watch the episode again. It seems a bit disjointed.  Maybe that was just me.  Too much wine with dinner.
703	Mr. E	2012-04-23	For me, the kwarth karth scene made Dany look like an idiot or a child. The guy pronounced it Karth before she said it herself and then she goes and says it Kwarth and in such a way that seems she has a hard time making the words out. This from the girls who is supposed to secretly know high valyrian. sigh.Doesn't mean she doesn't mispronounced words. For an anecdotal example, my sister has this friend call Brittany. She pronounces it Britt-A-knee, not Britt-knee. She introduced herself to me as Britt-A-knee. The first time I called her by her name, I said Britt-knee, and she was in the awkward position of correcting me. There are standard tropes and expectations of language, and considering this is a city Dany had never glimpsed or understood before, it simply doesn't surprise me she would make that mistake.Likewise, while I agree that Kwarth seen made her look a little foolish, I think you're more supposed to feel sympathy for her than anything. Of course she looks foolish. She is weak. She's hungry. She's blistered by the sun. Her mind is not at 100% by any means. She's approaching a great and powerful city with a "horde" composed of forty people and a horse (and three dragons). The Qartheen have absolute power over her at that moment. Anyone is going to look like a fool and a child in that situation, especially one that is half-starved, delirious and profoundly desperate.
					
					
							Edited by Mr. E, 23 April 2012 - 08:44 AM.
704	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-23	6. Decent episode with some enrapturing moments, but a fair few weak points that really didn't deliver on my (perhaps unrealistic) book expectations. Even the more minor scenes, like the Stannis/Renly parley and Qarth felt a little weak.
Still. I enjoyed it.
705	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-23	I gave it a 5.  I was really expecting something special and it was just meh.  The writing this season is weak.  They are not explaining anything enough.  It's actually a little boring to me.  And the episiodes this season are a lot shorter too.  What the hell is up with that?
Basically, I am glad I have the books to read and re-read.  HBO was dumb for giving something so involved 10 episodes and a little budget.  Will we ever see the dragons again?  Or more than a .10 second shot of a wolf?  Just too much to cover in 10 episodes.
I hope they go more than 3 seasons and I hope things start to turn around big time but I am highly dissapointed in Season 2 so far.  Season 1 was exceptional.  Nothing is being explained.  The writing is weak.  The episodes are 10 minutes shorter.  Just not good to me.
706	duncanthemedium	2012-04-23	I honestly think that was an in-joke, because of the English language's phoneme "qu", which is pretty much the only form of "Q" in English--that is, whenever you see a q, with very, very, very, very, very, rare exception, it has a "u" after it, making that "kwa" sound.So I can just see half the actors and set workers on GOT mistakenly pronouncing it KWARTH, simply because that's what English has taught them to do, and then D&D adding that line in for clarification and a nudge at the crew.And speaking of that scene, I'm a little surprised at the widespread negative reaction to it. I thought it was one of the best in the show, especially showcasing Dany's desperate situation and the weakness of her position. Emilia Clarke's acting in this scene was spot on. The poor girl has been wandering the desert with little food and less relief for weaks, it doesn't surprise me one bit that she wouldn't be at the top of her game in dealing with a city's ruling class.I absolutely agree, and couldn't have put it better myself. And this idea of plausibility also applies to LF's proposition to Cat rather than her just 'trusting' Tyrion because in the tv series we dont get POVs and so the thought process behind Cat's trust in Tyrion cannot be justified.On the whole, I am kind of tired with people judging the series in comparison with the book. Especially with the case of Ros. I mean give it a break already. Imagine going up to GRRM and saying 'yeah well that whole scene with Theon and the captain's daughter on the way to Pyke...yeah, kinda pointless'.I mean come on! The screen play is a re-interpretation and GRRM is in on the changes. We all know that. Learn to live with it. And judge it as it is and for what it is - a TV show.My only, and rather shallow criticism, is with the make-up and stylist department. Melissandre is supposed to be mesmerisingly, enchantingly beautiful, van Houten is a veritable goddess in real life, but she looks like a horse in the series. (I am sorry...but that is what it is). Same with Margaery...Kudos to Emilia Clarke for her acting, Peter Dinklage is a god as usual, and Maisie Williams' expressions were sublime. Liam Cunninham on the other hand wasn't as convincing in the shadow-baby scene as he could have been (kind made the scene look kinda fake, no terror on his face) and the new Mountain isn't as threatening as he was in the first season. Bring that actor back! His character on Spartacus was de-faced (literally), so he should be free now!
707	Fakko	2012-04-23	As a non-reader (yet) I gave it an 8. 
As much flak as the Joffrey scene is receiving count me amongst those that it helped. Up to this point I was aware that Joffrey was an arrogant, narcissistic, cruel and petulant brat. This scene showed me that he is truly a sadist.
Littlefinger seems to have lost all of his guile and finesse I saw in season 1. Now he just blurts out what he knows and what he's thinking. There is no subtly or subterfuge. 
I too was confused by the torture scene. I have no idea who the players are or what they are after. I also don't fully understand what Arya's mantra of names was about. 
I thought Dany was going to be slaughtered and her dragons simply taken. I presume only The 13's sense of civility prevented it. I am interested to see where that goes. 
Tyrion was great as always. Two of my new favorite lines come from that scene:
Tyrion: "Bron, the next time Ser Meryn speaks kill him. That was a threat. See the difference?!"
and
Bron: "There's no cure for being a cunt."
					
					
							Edited by Fakko, 23 April 2012 - 09:04 AM.
708	whiteraven77	2012-04-23	While I liked last weekâ<U+0080><U+0099>s better I thought this was a very good episode! Gave it a 9/10.
Thought the conversation with Melisandre and Davos was a bit off before she had the shadow babyâ<U+0080>¦didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t really see a need for the whole â<U+0080><U+009C>you want meâ<U+0080><U+009D> thing.
Disappointed about the peach!! I guess the apple he had in his hand with Littlefinger was a nod.
While the Littlefinger visit strays from the books I thought his conversation with Margaery was great and liked his play on words with â<U+0080><U+009C>interest.â<U+0080><U+009D> But his conversation with Cat was pretty weak.
I liked Roose Bolton but pictured him with black hair!
Loved Tyrion as always and scene where he rescues Sansa was well done.
Not sure what to think of Talisa/Jeyne but I guess weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see where it goes
The Dany scene in Qarth was a bit akward but looking forward to next week
Have never been so glad to see Tywin Lannister! Liked the quick conversation he had with Arya and how he owned all of the Mountainâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Men.
709	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-23	9. I wish each episode were twice as long. And that can only be a good sign
710	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-23	9. I wish each episode were twice as long. And that can only be a good sign
711	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-23	Dany + Qarth was a flopping joke. In the books Dany is shown as a very cunning and persuasive character (the first half of her wilderness treck). It seemed a very poorly written scene where Dany was made to look very small. I completely disagree. Dany has just been through the Red Waste and is desperate to gain entry into Qarth so that her people won't die. That's why I find the HBO scene to be much more believable than the scene in the books where she meets Quaithe, Pyat Pree and Xaro Xhoan Daxos.
712	Lord of Cheese	2012-04-23	I completely disagree. Dany has just been through the Red Waste and is desperate to gain entry into Qarth so that her people won't die. That's why I find the HBO scene to be much more believable than the scene in the books where she meets Quaithe, Pyat Pree and Xaro Xhoan Daxos.Are you kidding? In the books, the three 'ride out to meet her'. She tels them that they have found the dragons they were seeking. She is then walked through Qarth like Queen. But what do HBO do? They make her a blubbering desperate fool who gets embarrassed infront of her own Khallasar. Yes they are only interested in her dragons but they never stoop to mocking Dany, and Dany knows this but doesnt care because she needs the food. GRRM was the more believable story for me.
713	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-23	I gave it a solid 9/10: I have come to accept that I have been judging the show too harshly b/c of my expectations from the books.  The show is not the books, but is based on the books (sometimes a little too loosely) and that the characters are based off of characters in the books.  Once that is understood the show is then judged in its proper context.What Went Right:1. Harrenhal - it is every bit the house of horrors that I have come to expect2. Tywin - the way he rode in and took charge from Gregor and his creatures was spectacular and the fear/respect that he commands is absolutely perfect.  Putting prisoners to work instead of slaughtering them and recognizing Arya's sex are all classic traits for a man of Tywin's considerable ability.3. Roose Bolton - A quick insight into the monster that we all know he really is.  Roose wanting to torture/flay prisoners and Robb restraining him were both perfectly within character.4. Robb/Tywin - The comparison and contrast of the two battle commanders leading their armies and reigning in over zealous subordinates was absolutely perfect.5. Stannis/Renly - The scenes in both of the camps and the parlay between the two was excellent.  I really enjoyed Cat putting in her two scents.  The actress playing Mel is starting to warm on me.  The conversation between Stannis and Davos and the scene with Mel and Davos were both exceptionally well done.6. Xaro - Nice introduction to him and nice setup between he and Dany.  I really like the idea of making him a Summer Islander and the idea of adding some diversity to the show.7. Joffery - The actor playing Joff is doing one hell of a job.  I know some might not like the sexposition but the show is doing a wonderful job of showing viewers what a monster he is.8. Cat/Little Finger - We get a glimpse of LF's tortured love for Cat and his true nature of always promoting his own interest over all others.  The ease with how he lied about Arya was chilling, especially given his true feelings about Cat.  This is a departure but a good one.9. Tyrion - Spectacular as always.  The way he handled Joff and Ser Meryn were excellent.  A nice departure from the books would be for Bronn to actually kill Ser Meryn.  The actor playing to Hound is excellent.  You can see that either Sandor has come sense of honor or he actually cares somewhat for Sansa.What Went Wrong:1. Ros - Enough of this character please.  I know that this is HBO and all, but giving so much screen time to this unimportant character is damaging the integrity of the show.2. Robb/silent sister - I suppose the writers are setting her up to be Robb's lover interest.  This seems like a complete waste and unnecessary departure from one of the main plots of the book.  Robb and Jeyne are the catalyst for the Red Wedding.  I hope this error is corrected.3. Little Finger/ Margaery - Once again LF is completely out of character.  There is just no way he would openly acknowledge to Marg that he knows of Renly's real proclivities and then make thinly veiled threats.  This is terrible injustice to what a true player of the Game of Thrones that LF is.  I continue to enjoy Natalie Dormer.  We all know how shrewd Margaery is and the actress is bearing it out perfectly.All in all, a solid episode with much to like and little to really complain off.
					
					
							Edited by Stallion That Mounts Texas, 23 April 2012 - 11:08 AM.
714	Mr. E	2012-04-23	Are you kidding? In the books, the three 'ride out to meet her'. She tels them that they have found the dragons they were seeking. She is then walked through Qarth like Queen. But what do HBO do? They make her a blubbering desperate fool who gets embarrassed infront of her own Khallasar. Yes they are only interested in her dragons but they never stoop to mocking Dany, and Dany knows this but doesnt care because she needs the food. GRRM was the more believable story for me.But that's the whole point, LOC. She is a blubbering, desperate fool. Qarth has no reason to admit her. She's starved, decrepit, delirious, and entirely in their power. She has no strength to back her up. Her situation in the scene is completely understandable, as are the 13's reactions.I don't mind how it went in the book either--I think both scenes would make sense in their own contexts.2. Robb/silent sister - I suppose the writers are setting her up to be Robb's lover interest.  This seems like a complete waste and unnecessary departure from one of the main plots of the book.  Robb and Jeyne are the catalyst for the Red Wedding.  I hope this error is corrected.All in all, a solid episode with much to like and little to really complain off. I don't think she was a silent sister. And are we sure she wasn't Jeyne? I kind of got the impression she was...dunno why.But even if she isn't, does it matter if she isn't Jeyne and becomes Robb's love interest? The catalyst for the RW is not, as you say, Robb and Jeyne, the catalyst is more Robb and lower-class girl he married in violation of pact with Freys.
715	Perin Stone	2012-04-23	I found it to be another disappointing episode.  Joff's scene with the whores was unnecessary.  They are forcing Littlefinger on us too much.  He shouldn't have met with Cat.  I hated Dany's entry to Qarth.  
I understand how they are combining all of Arya's journeys but it makes it really confusing.  Are non readers going to have any idea why captives from the Night's Watch are being asked about gold in villages?  Or the brotherhood?  Will people remember Yoren's line about saying William every night before bed to associate it with Arya's litany?  With Arya as Tywin's cupbearer, it is going to be really hard to believe her not giving his name to Jaqen.
I loved Tyrion's scenes and Renly and Stannis' meeting.  Also the shadow baby.
716	Stallion That Mounts Texas	2012-04-23	But that's the whole point, LOC. She is a blubbering, desperate fool. Qarth has no reason to admit her. She's starved, decrepit, delirious, and entirely in their power. She has no strength to back her up. Her situation in the scene is completely understandable, as are the 13's reactions.I don't mind how it went in the book either--I think both scenes would make sense in their own contexts.I don't think she was a silent sister. And are we sure she wasn't Jeyne? I kind of got the impression she was...dunno why.But even if she isn't, does it matter if she isn't Jeyne and becomes Robb's love interest? The catalyst for the RW is not, as you say, Robb and Jeyne, the catalyst is more Robb and lower-class girl he married in violation of pact with Freys.Robb asked for her name and the one she gave was not Jeyne.  Also, I'm pretty sure Jeyne is not from Volantis as this girl is.Additionally, there is the lower-class girl dynamic as you point out, but not an outright commoner.  Realistically, High Lords/Kings do not marry common girls and shame powerful allies.  If Jeyne was not worth Robb's crown and his life, then surely this girl is even lower on the totem pole.  I hate the idea as it makes Robb seem outright stupid instead of young and in love.  Taking a castle and meeting a young maid is a stark contrast from meeting some random Volantene girl and falling in love.
					
					
							Edited by Stallion That Mounts Texas, 23 April 2012 - 11:07 AM.
717	7V3N	2012-04-23	6. I still hate how much they are changing Littlefinger, their need to give Ros the most screen time, and how Melisandre and Stannis have been horribly portrayed (writers and actors).
718	gogorath	2012-04-23	I gave it a 7.Pros:It had as close to a unified theme that GOT can have.  From Jeyne's dressing down of Robb to Joffrey's sadistic torment of whores (that he was not allowed to commit on gently-born Sansa) to Renly's brief mention of the commoners to the common Lannister soldiers at the open to the people being tortured by the Tickler... the effect of the war on the common people was on display.  And pretty much every leader -- Tyrion included -- was found lacking.  I award no points to Tywin -- that was a pragmatic decision.People have argued the Ros/Joffrey scene was gratuitous.  It wasn't to me.  Not only does it highlight the above, but it's not just showing the sadistic side of Joffrey but also how he's focusing his anger towards his uncle.  This wasn't about pure pain giving Joffrey pleasure -- he saw a way to hurt his uncle and assert himself after being humiliated and he used it.  It sets up their conflict much more than even in the book, where Joffrey was younger and more petulant than vicious and angry.  I thought that sequence (Sansa through Tyrion/Bronn and the torture) was excellently done.I'm enjoying some of the departures.  Not knowing Gendry's book endgame (and knowing it may not be important) made it so that I was somewhat worried for him.  It would not be beyond D&D to kill off a likeable but unimportant character that lives in the books just to give a shock to the unshockable.Having Robb have a real romance will be nice.  Yes, the opening to it was somewhat stock, but I didn't mind.Catelyn and Littlefinger was fantastic.  I know there's probably gnashing over Petyr's differences, but I thought it was fantastic.  He may still genuinely have feelings for Cat, but when she shut him down, he seamlessly went back to his next best option -- just like he had felt out Renly for a better option.  Michelle Fairley rocked that scene.Shadow Baby was awesome.  I know people seem to be complaining about "where are they?" but all those complaints are oddly from book readers.  I watched with three non-book readers and while it's off, no one noticed because SHADOW BABY.  Davos was great, and their dialogue was excellent.What could have been done better:It's too bad SHADOW BABY was in this ep.  I would have loved to see the commoner theme end the episode as well as it started it.Some of the Arya scenes seemed forced.  While the Tickler himself was awesome, I think they should have spaced the tortures wider and spent a few days with people being selected, with more recitations, etc.  It felt rushed and lacked some of the emotional punch.  The sad woman at the beginning felt a bit forced -- honestly, she could have had no lines and I think we could have gotten more.I thought Dany and Jorah were great at Qarth, but man, the other side was terrible and lost me.  Xaro's introduction out of nowhere; the manufacture cheesy fantasy invocation of something lame, etc.  I like the idea of creating a stronger tie between Xaro and Dany, and Emilia was great playing her last card (and probably a dumb one, but it worked out), but give us more motivation for Xaro.  You can think one up easy -- there's upside to taking a chance that she has dragons and you could show rivalry with the Spice King but I didn't see it.Renly and Stannis was okay.  I'm not bothered by the lack of explanation of why they are there (nor or how Littlefinger got there so fast) and I don't give a crap about the peach, but I thought it just didn't snap as well as you'd like until the very end, when Stannis threatens them.I would have liked to see Ros bring new Ros back to Tyrion, even at the cost of a nicely done scene with Lancel.  It could even serve as motivation for the release of Pycelle -- as Tyrion may start to realize he can't make enemies of both Cersei and Joffrey.  But either way I think that would have been great and since the Lancel thing could wait (or never happen), I think it was a missed opportunity.
719	Paul Stewart	2012-04-23	I felt it was one of the slowest, least rewarding episodes of either season.  The amount of time spent portraying Joffrey's cruelty was excessive and unnecessary.  We get it.  The other stories inched along.
Other than Tyrion's scenes, of course.  His star power is blinding.
720	gogorath	2012-04-23	Robb asked for her name and the one she gave was not Jeyne.  Also, I'm pretty sure Jeyne is not from Volantis as this girl is.Additionally, there is the lower-class girl dynamic as you point out, but not an outright commoner.  Realistically, High Lords/Kings do not marry common girls and shame powerful allies.  If Jeyne was not worth Robb's crown and his life, then surely this girl is even lower on the totem pole.  I hate the idea as it makes Robb seem outright stupid instead of young and in love.  Taking a castle and meeting a young maid is a stark contrast from meeting some random Volantene girl and falling in love.It's whatever they are making of Jeyne.  The actress is the same who was publicly announced as "Jeyne" (no last name), and she's obviously giving Robb a fake name and deceptive backstory for some reason.  Westerling's grandfather or mother were merchants from Volantis who bought their way into the nobility.  I wouldn't be shocked to have Jeyne still be noble but just be doing this because she's a good person.  Her Lannister-allied background would be enough to lie to Robb since she'd make a minor hostage, but a hostage none the less.
721	ace	2012-04-23	The /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> :
Qarth looks cool (hope to see more)
Harrenhal looks awesome (also see negative)
The Robb scene
Torture with a rat is pretty creative.
Cat getting Ned's bones (though how LF knew she was there is still a mystery)
The /mellow.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':mellow:' /> :
The shadow
The Renly-Stannis meeting (Renly /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />, Stannis /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> )
Sansa torture scene (too short)
The /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' /> :
The Mountain isn't imposing and the Tickler is a clown (yeah I nitpick, so sue me)
Tyrion-Lancel confrontation
LF hitting on Cat (not cool and so unlike him)
The redcloaks know about Renly+Loras= /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' /> 
The /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> :
The Joffrey porn
Hope I didn't forget anything. Gave it 6. 7 for the episode, -1 for the porn
PS I wonder how many more creative ways the writers will find to avoid showing us the dragons
					
					
							Edited by ace, 23 April 2012 - 11:41 AM.
722	Princess of the Night	2012-04-23	I really liked it! There are some scenes that I didn't like, but those are mostly of the characters that are not that interesting for me..
In the very beginning I got really excited, when those soldiers were sitting, and they've heard something in the dark, and I really thought it would be Nymeria! I mean, I know she is not THAT crucial to the story, but I really want to see her!
And I know that there were many changes, but I love the scene when Tywin rolled into Harenhall, and choose Arya as his cupbearer. Oh, and also, Harenhall looks amazing!
It's also great how you can see Arya kind of evolving. The look on her face when she says: 'Dead people', absolutely great!
723	Sam with Hooters	2012-04-23	Fakko wrote:As much flak as the Joffrey scene is receiving count me amongst those that it helped. Up to this point I was aware that Joffrey was an arrogant, narcissistic, cruel and petulant brat. This scene showed me that he is truly a sadist.Also that he's not simply sadistic, he's using the torture to "send a message."  Thwart me, Imp?  I'll show you!!He keeps a crossbow in his bedchamber?
	Spoiler Guess he picked that habit up from Granddad . . . ! 
I wonder if he's actually going to force Ros to kill the other whore?  Could be used for more character development . . . life in the big city certainly isn't going the way she imagined.  It would also show Joffrey's violence escalating.Gleeson certainly has some acting chops . . . totally believable in that scene.
724	DornishKnight	2012-04-23	Whoever it was who first compared Dany's enemies to the hedonism bot, I applaud you.  It was hilarious this episode.
The shadow was awesome!
725	Nakraal	2012-04-23	For me it was amazing episode with most scenes being small masterpieces.
I was torn between 8 and 9 and finally I rate it with an 8 as I reserve 9s and my 10 for some astonishing episodes I am sure to follow.
I agree with the majority regarding the cons (like LF being out of char with awkward straightforwardness, sir Gregor badly casted) but the excellent pieces by far surpass the flaws.
Honestly, during the whole whore scene I was hoping that Joffry would kill Ros and have us freed from her pointless scenes.
When I saw him examining the scepter and considering to use it for something, I was relieved he used it to beat the whore..
726	DemiNymph	2012-04-23	I give it a 7. 
- I really missed the Renly and his peach scene. I really wanted to see that but it wasn't in the show. Now when he dies he'll just be remembered as a gay arse who wanted to play with some power. This scene wasn't long enough and there wasn't enough character development for Stannis as well. This is my major complaint. 
- The shadow baby was great. Very creepy.
- Didn't like Dany much. Way to shoot your mouth off. Very clever, not. 
- Littlefinger's dialogues. None too subtle, but I suppose they have to dumb it down for TV. A tad disappointed at his storyline for now. 
- Like Margery very much.
- The direwolf is great. 
- How come the silent sisters are allowed to talk? Heh. 
- The whole Joffrey + whore scene was so irrelevant. What's the point, we already knew he is a sicko. The Sansa scene was great thou. 
- I don't mind the Arya arc. Saves time and gives more prominence to important characters. The Tywin actor rocks. The Mountain was more like a sapling.
727	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-23	I gave it a 7 because I didn't like the changes they made in regards to the books.  Most of all the Littlefinger.
For couple of episodes now he is exact opposite of subtle manipulator he is in the books. He reveals his thoughts and feelings to everyone. Littlefinger in the books would never taunt Cersei or Margarey in that way.
I don't understand at all,  why is Robs future wife (and that was probably her ?) a girl from Volantis instead from minor noble house but I don't care much althoug I don't like it.
New Mountain was not as good as previous.
Stannis and Renley were OK. And after the shadow baby whole scene with Stanis and Melisandre in previous episodes look less stupid (though Stanis still talks about the son....)
Still don't like the Melisandre casting. Not enough fire in this actress and even physically is not what I expected.
Edit:
I already mentioned that on other thread...
I don't mind sex scenes at all. However Jofreey & whores was unnecessary because it  wastes time and does not tell us anything new. It is well known from the scenes with Sansa that he is psychopath.
					
					
							Edited by Giscard Reventlov, 23 April 2012 - 01:50 PM.
728	Ser Graymax	2012-04-23	Sorry, I had to only give this one a 6.  It would have been a 5 but the scenes that were really good were so good that they dragged up the scenes that were really bad.
The new Mountain did little more than be big but Tywin really overpowered that scene with charisma.
I love naked women but really? The scene with Joeffry and the barbie doll that was milisandre?  Painful to watch both and not in a good way like it started out.
Very uneven directing and even the dialog seemed lacking.  
Xaro looked foolish and phoned in his lines but the "spice merchant?" was a great character and scene stealer.
Tickler scene was also a disappointment along with Aryas first "prayer list".
I look foreward to next weeks episode blowing me away like last weeks.  Heres hoping.
729	Ruka	2012-04-23	I don't think people are giving the Joff/Ros scene enough thought, I thought it was a good scene to show non-book readers/listeners that Joff isn't just a douche to Sansa. When given a gift from Tyrion, someone who has repeatedly humiliated him publicly, Joff takes out his petulent behaviors on people that are in no way to blame for his shamings.
Throw into the mix the slap in the face tyrion actually sends to Joff by sending a whore he has already used WAY BACK in s1e1, is it any wonder she is hand picked by Tyrion? he has had her, what better slight to Joff really than to send off his leavings to the king.
I rather enjoyed most of the episode, as I have most of them, I divorce my book knowledge from my show knowledge as much as I can when watching. I still get excited when things like the Brienne reveal and dejected when Renly doesn't fast draw a peach on his Brother. But I let the show stand on its own merits also.
730	A Redeemed Hound	2012-04-23	I have to admit that the more I think about it the less excited I am for the rest of the season.  Last season was great.  This season is just a choppy mess with little to no explanation as to what is going on or why.  Does it cost that much to show all three dragons here and there?  Or a wolf scene for more than a tenth of a second?  But we get hours of porn and prostitutes and little time of Sansa and Joff together.  Or Sansa and the Hound.  If that is what the HBO audience wants, well then the HBO audience is full of morons.
Thank God there are the books.  I am not happy about this season so far.  And aren't these supposed to be an hour long?  What is with the 40 - 45 minute episodes?
731	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-23	10 
I loved everything,  better  than the last 2. My only problem is that it did seem very short.
732	Milgod morghulis	2012-04-23	Best episode of the season by far.
Joff acting like a pure dick is making my non-book reading wife hate him even more. Last season she just thought of him as a little boy who did stupid things, now she wants to kill him herself. Some of you must have read different books to me because there doesn't even seem that much 'sex' IMO.
I thought the Tickler was creepy.
The Shadow was immense.
I was hoping Roose would have been a bit softer in his speech, but he looked great.
Harrenhal looked amazing.
Somebody mentioned the Silent sisters talking. I didn't see that bit, where/when was it?
733	Rob the God	2012-04-23	7,5
ranked it as an 7 (it's GoT so my expactions are high;)
Overall a good-very good episode
HBO did a wonderful job again. This time they made more changes, but they keep every important plot point so its okay. (except the whore scene)
What i liked:
-Tyrion& Lancel scene: Tyrion at his best.
-Camera work (for example: parley between baratheon brothers, battlefield with robb),
Set and Art Direction were awesome as always
- Shadow was very well done (didn't expect that)
- Dany in front of Quarth. Emilia is doing an outstanding job.
 I think it's anoth example of how Got is at it's bet when they take their time.
- The added scenes with Littlfinger. Cat had the best perfomance of the week, the acress really overplayed (don't know if that's a word)
Littlefinger (that part was bit of overacted i think). ALso liked his little chat with Margery and Renly. It fits the story and makes me happy to see Littlf. betting on the false brother.
- Hate Tywin but perfectly but this episode i was happy to see him. And Chalres Dance is just perfect in this role
734	Reposado	2012-04-23	along with Aryas first "prayer list".yeah, um, her list was pretty exclusive, than that one guy hits that random woman arya doesnt know and gets himself on the list? not the guy who had yoren killed in front of her. not the guy that killed lommy and laughed. that dude.and obviously, they do that so that she has a name to tell jaqen.some good stuff in this episode but a lot of of poor choices.stannis and renly being in the same spot suddenly with no explanation,davos needing to smuggle mel into the coast when stannis had clearly landed there in the middle of the day yesterday.
735	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-23	Well, after all the kerfuffle on various fora regarding how OTT the prostitute and torture scenes were, I've come to the conclusion that I am one hard-assed woman.  I honestly didn't find them over-yuk.  'Rome' had worse than this.  I did also get the Joffrey scene - he gave us the crucial line that he wanted Tyrion to find out about it, so I think it was his way of getting back at his uncle for stopping the humiliation of Sansa.  And just as an aside - I think another poster - either here or on the TWoP - wondered if Esme Bianco (Ros) was pregnant.  I've thought that since the first episode.  I'm sure that's why she's keeping her clothes on, and I swore I saw a little bump in Episode 1.  Her face is a little fuller too.  I'd say, definitely preggers.
As for the episode - I loved it from start to finish.  Gave this a 9.  I chopped one point off for the direction of the Qarth scene.  Something about it just failed to convince me I was 'in the moment'.  It wasn't the actors, but rather the static direction.  I do hope things pick up across the sea; the series this year seems to have done a disservice to Dany's story - although I know they have the constraints of the book, and she spent an awful long time in the Red Waste.
Grey Wind/Robb was beautifully placed, and as for shadow baby - that was superb.  I also loved the juxtaposition of the two scenes that had some humour: Tyrion/Lancel and Stannis/Davos.  Stannis and Davos are becoming one heck of a double act.  Nor have I ever been one who has been disappointed with the casting of Stephen Dillane.  He's a superb actor and he plays Stan exactly as I saw him in the book.  Hard exterior, but weak inside. 
Loved:
Cat with Ned's bones.  Can someone PLEASE reward Michelle Fairley for her portrayal in both series?  She made me cry when Jon was saying goodbye to Bran last year, and she did it again tonight when she saw Ned's bones.
Sansa's humiliation scene - Sophie nailed it when she walked out and spat her usual line about her 'beloved Joffrey'
Birth of baby Stan - hugs to the CGI department again.
And I'm sorry to say but yes, I loved the bleak scenes at Harrenhal, because they helped show the danger Arya and Gendry are in.
Didn't mind:
The prostitutes.  It could probably have been cut down, a little, but I did also notice that this was a mirror image/parody - even - of the scene last year when Littlefinger was instructing Ros and her friend, and it showed that Joffrey is trying to take on his Uncle Tyrion.
Not sure about:
Qarth.  Beautiful CGI again, but Daxos was a wee bit less oily than I see him in the book.  I really do think it was poorly directed, that scene.  Everyone just stood about as if on a stage. 
Introduction of the woman we all know as JW.  I think I know where they're going here, because it's always been my theory that she was a Lannister plant in the first place.  But I seem to remember that Grey Wind wouldn't go near JW and her family - he was very unhappy about them.  I'm really not sure what this new twist is going to be here - I assume they all want us to accept this Volantine lass as a love interest, hence they didn't show us Grey Wind reacting to her.  Hmm.... I haven't quite gathered my thoughts about this yet.
Finally:  ROOSE BOLTON!!!!!  I've decided I am now one twisted, effed-up girl, because that voice just made me melt.  He's a superb piece of casting, but I wonder if he's going to double as Ramsay too?
736	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-23	I can't give this more than a 7, even though Peter Dinklage is ragingly awesome as ever. The dialogue in front of the gates of Qarth was abominable. Charles Dance is excellent as well, but the Harrenhal thing is just too compressed. I freely admit that I despise Aidan Gillian's approach to Littlefinger, too.I can't give it a 6, because omgshadowbaby, but so much of this episode felt mechanical and stilted. 7.
737	Josephxoxo	2012-04-23	I'm sorry but who the hell is this new whore Ros? I don't remember her in the books. She's completely useless and annoying. And more screentime should me given to the actual important character's such as Theon and Jon. I also would like to see more words and screentime for the Hound. I would have liked to see the scene where the Hound escorts Sansa to her room in the first season. I would have liked to see the Hound escort Sansa to Joffrey's punishment from Joffrey. I would have also liked to see him stand up for Sansa like he did in the book during Joffrey's punishment.
I don't think it's the actor. It's the idiotic writer's. They give screentime to these useless scenes and actor's. Some random dame from Volantis with Robb. The whores, the whores, the whores, the whores, the whores. and more whores. The Hound's character is nothing like I imagined so far. He doesn't speak his mind like he does in the book, and in the book I always got the impression he was angry and a very emotional character when talking to Sansa. Especially when he was talking about the "little birds". He seem's way to calm to me.
738	Davos55	2012-04-23	I think last week's episode was better, but this was still great and sets up things well for the rest of the season. I think episode 5 and beyond will really step the intensity up.
I would like to see some more fighting though, but I suppose they are saving that for Blackwater, which will be amazing.
One thing I wonder is will they ever reveal the other Kingsguard members? I mean Meryn Trant is important, but what about Balon Swann, Oakheart, and of course Mandon Moore? Right now, besides Meryn, Sandor, and Jaime the rest of the Kingsguard is just nameless soldiers with cool armor and white cloacks.
I just love the Kingsguard in general, and wish it was more developed!
739	mafalda	2012-04-23	I voted a 9.
Loved Harrenhal. It was just as creepy an eerie as described in the book. And the actor who plays Tywin scares the crap out of me. I liked when he complimented Arya for her sense though. And The Tickler was very impressive also! The parts where Arya is sleeping in the rain and reciting her Hit List, that was acting at its finest.
Tyrion and Lancel were hilarious! An "annointed knight" lol!
Seeing Robb on the battlefield was cool too. He's one character that does not have a POV in the book that I actually like following. I'm not too sure about the girl who is supposed to be Jeyne Westerling. She looks and acts a lot differently than I expected.
Stannis and Renly were hilarious! It sucks that Renly has to die so soon, he seems like such an amiable guy. "I wasn't aware he was a ham!", the look on Mel's face!
I totally missed the Roose Bolton part. Where was he???
My complaints are few. What the hell happened to The Mountain? Can we just call him The Hill? I don't know why HBO didn't choose to renew their contract with Season 1 Mountain but he was PERFECT!! And this guy is just scrawny and his voice sounds like a 12 year old. Not huge and imposing at all. I am praying they go back to Season 1 Mountain for the fight with the Red Viper. My other complaint was the absolutely unnecessary Joffrey and the Prostitutes scene. Does HBO really think of its viewers as so dumb that once this scene was played everyone would just now realize for the first time that Joffrey is a sick little bastard? It was just a stupid excuse to show nudity, and I'm certainly no prude, but I can do without all the prostitute scenes. It was just gross and weird. I also wanted The Hound to be involved in trying to stop Sansa's beatings.
Great episode overall. Bring back the REAL Mountain That Rides!
740	Red Raven	2012-04-23	Loved Harrenhal. It was just as creepy an eerie as described in the book. And the actor who plays Tywin scares the crap out of me. I liked when he complimented Arya for her sense though. And The Tickler was very impressive also! The parts where Arya is sleeping in the rain and reciting her Hit List, that was acting at its finest.I loved Harrenhal!  It was much more run down and decayed than I imagined it - brilliant work.  A truly scary "haunted" castle.  I'd love to explore a place like that...without the torturers and other baddies one might run into.On Saturday I was reading a website on medieval torture and people's abdomens being cut open and rats being placed inside to eat their way out was one of the methods described.  It was perversely cool to see the Tickler use something similar to something I just learned about.Peter Dinklage, along with Harrenhal, were the best things about this episode.  Tywin was way scarier than the Molehill...er...Mountain was this week.I also enjoyed Renly and Stannis squabbling with each other and, while I don't like Cat, I did love that she'd clang their heads together for acting stupid and not allying against a common enemy.I'm really not sure what this new twist is going to be here - I assume they all want us to accept this Volantine lass as a love interestI think they changed her from a lord's daughter to a foreign commoner so it'll be more of an outrage when Robb ditches the Frey girl and marries a smallfolk.  I like her, she's a capable combat doctor and can hold her own with Robb, not that that's a particularly high bar. (I'd like to see her spar with Tyrion.)I gave the episode an 8, marked down because the ongoing dumbing down and de-smoothing of Littlefinger is disappointing to watch.
741	gogorath	2012-04-23	I'm sorry but who the hell is this new whore Ros? I don't remember her in the books. She's completely useless and annoying. And more screentime should me given to the actual important character's such as Theon and Jon. I also would like to see more words and screentime for the Hound. I would have liked to see the scene where the Hound escorts Sansa to her room in the first season. I would have liked to see the Hound escort Sansa to Joffrey's punishment from Joffrey. I would have also liked to see him stand up for Sansa like he did in the book during Joffrey's punishment.I don't think it's the actor. It's the idiotic writer's. They give screentime to these useless scenes and actor's. Some random dame from Volantis with Robb. The whores, the whores, the whores, the whores, the whores. and more whores. The Hound's character is nothing like I imagined so far. He doesn't speak his mind like he does in the book, and in the book I always got the impression he was angry and a very emotional character when talking to Sansa. Especially when he was talking about the "little birds". He seem's way to calm to me.Fear is the path to the Dark Side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate; hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you.
742	MegasAV	2012-04-23	I gave it a seven, really wanted to rate it higher but I feel they are just destroying to LF character, and without enough backstory into his character Stephen Dillane's Stannis in just not doing it for me.  On a whole though just four episodes in, I thought season one was much better through the first four episodes.
743	The Second Hand	2012-04-23	I would rate this a... three.As an adaptation of the source material, it's awful. I really do like and appreciate David and Dan, but their constant 'stamping' of perfectly decent storylines -- Littelfinger, Jeyne, Robb, Tywin, -- is about as worrisome as anything.As for Garden of Bones -- it was a dissapointing. Storm's End is very, very important, so why was it left out? And why was Edric Storm left out, who is also incredibly important? I can't think that losing Ros-Joff or Sansa-Joff would hurt in any respect. It's just so dissapointing. God, I can't literalize what I'm feeling. And literalize isn't even a word!
744	Grail King	2012-04-23	8.5
I liked the Grey Wolf scene and though a lot of people hated the Joff and Ros scene it was a hit in my house as my wife who doesn't read the books really loathed the little shit so it made it's point ( could have been a bit shorter), the Tyrion, Joffery and Sansa scene was great with all actors hitting their marks, I especially liked when Sansa left the throne room with her Stark mask on and Tyrions line of "Lady Stark you just may survive us after all" Bronn was golden.
I liked the throw back from Catlyn to LF, I'm a little mixed on the Robb/ Jeyne run in and I didn't like the newer Mountain actor, and I thought Arya's eyes for the dead people was very good.
I liked the shadow baby scene except the you want me part to Davos, that scene along with the Joff scene had my wife saying WTF fairly loudly.
I was a wee disappointed in the Stannis and Renly scene and if they would have shorten the Ros scene a bit they may have been able to buy a peach.
745	TeamDanyArya	2012-04-23	I gave it a 6. For some reason, the episode wasn't clicking with me. Maybe when I re-watch it, I'll change my mind but that easily was my least favorite out of the 4 this season and maybe so far. I didn't like Robb's scene with whoever that was. I had seen somewhere they had changed Jeyne Westerling's name and that she was going to be introduced in this episode so I hope that wasn't her. I don't like her at all. I'm on the fence about the Joffery and the whores scene. That would make sense when we get introduced to Ramsay Bolton but Joffery, it seems too forced. All the others were just meh to me although Margarey's and LF's scene was really good. I wish Dany's scene had been a bit longer and we had gotten some explanation about the other people that made up the 13. I think for a casual viewer it might have left them scracthing their head. Like someone else mentioned, the episode was too short. It was only about 50 minutes not counting the BS ad for HBO GO at the beginning and the filler at the end. A few more minutes with Dany and Robb might have been better.
					
					
							Edited by TeamDanyArya, 23 April 2012 - 10:13 PM.
746	Warg Arry	2012-04-23	Joffery - I mean, did people get it. That Joffery is more than a mean spirited spoilt brat. that he is so much more.
the scene from the first book put me there
	Spoiler  It's been a while. But i remember King Robert recalling how he punched Joffery after he discovered that Joffery had cut open a pregnant cat to see/get the kittens. 
  -That moment made me go - "holy shit he is a psychopath/serial killer type."
And I was thinking this episode would get people there. Like that moment in the books did.
I guess...not really?
747	packersfan	2012-04-23	Again, the Danaerys scenes were just slow and dull, though it is nice to get a visual for what we are dealing with in the East.
Enjoyed getting a glimpsed of Harrenhal.
Disappointed with the combination of the stories of Melisandre birthing the shadow.  In the books she and Davos don't smuggle until they get to Storm's End and need to break into that fortress.  I really think they should have stuck with the book on this and had Renly just killed by a shadow out of the blue and leave everyone wondering what just happened like we all did when reading the book...THEN have the revealing scene with Davos and Melisandre just like in the book.  Amazing how Martin in the books revealed things in a much more interesting and cinematic way than these directors and writers of the show, laying everything out there so that the idiot viewers don't have any mystery.
I rated the show a 6...I gave last weeks' (the best so far - an 8).  I think this episode continued to move forward, included many great things from the book, but dragged in places where they show writers insisted on introducing their own material (Joffrey torturing prostitutes, Robb receiving an anti-war diatribe from a field-nurse).  Neither scene was necessary, Everyone who has read the books OR watched the shows knows that Joff is a royal prick monster.  And everyone knows that war hurts the innocent and those who have no real stake in the whole matter.  Again, why this scene.  Wasting time on things like this forces the show to combine acts like moving the Davos and Melisandre scene to before Renly's death.  In the show, it makes no sense.  Where is Davo's smuggling her into.  Why do they need to go to a secret passage?  Renly's camp is in the open.  It seems like they actually filmed and wrote the scene intending them to be breaking into Storm's End, but then in editing stuck it before Renly's death (which I am assuming is going to be in Ep. 5, unless they scrap it and confuse viewers completely.)
I just will never understand the need on the part of directors and screenwriters to rewrite excellent source material.
748	samgurl775	2012-04-23	I gave it a 6. The Sansa beating scene was really disappointing, Joffrey and the whores was stupid, and I didn't like the girl Robb was talking to. I did, however, love the Stannis/Renly and Tyrion/Lancel interactions.
749	Eira Seren	2012-04-23	Likewise, while I agree that Kwarth seen made her look a little foolish, I think you're more supposed to feel sympathy for her than anything. Of course she looks foolish. She is weak. She's hungry. She's blistered by the sun. Her mind is not at 100% by any means. She's approaching a great and powerful city with a "horde" composed of forty people and a horse (and three dragons). The Qartheen have absolute power over her at that moment. Anyone is going to look like a fool and a child in that situation, especially one that is half-starved, delirious and profoundly desperate.yeah. . . i'd look foolish, too, if i showed up at the gates of Qarth and the 13 outnumbered my entire remaining khalasar.  i know, it's nitpicky, but just because there's a desert scene doesn't mean it should be written with Star Wars quality dialogue. i was half expecting jar jar binks to jump out from behind that gate and mediate or something. wrong George, friends.admittedly, i'm making comparisons to the books. . . i've read them, it's hard not to.  but i'm also making comparisons to LAST SEASON, which as a whole was excellent and wihout fail, had me waiting for each new episode. many of the scenes this time around just can't hold up to the quality of last season.  why not?  we know it is possible, because the ones that can -and do!-- are brilliant.   i'm hoping we don't lose viewers because of that.  and because they are tired of ros.  or maybe that's just us.just curious, does it bother anyone else that we are getting 3 minutes of recap before the intro of the show?  seems like that's 3 minutes they could use for something more valuable?
					
					
							Edited by Eira Seren, 23 April 2012 - 11:57 PM.
750	Josephxoxo	2012-04-24	Fear is the path to the Dark Side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate; hate leads to suffering. I sense much fear in you.I'm not afarid. I'm just annoyed. What the hell should I be afarid of?
751	SFA-OK	2012-04-24	I think the show is just too boring for me. I've tried and tried and tried to get into it. I really wish the writing, direction and pacing were better. Oh well, at least some fans are loving it which is cool. I do like some of the acting.
752	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-24	I didn't like Robb's scene with whoever that was. I had seen somewhere they had changed Jeyne Westerling's name and that she was going to be introduced in this episode so I hope that wasn't her. I don't like her at all. I'm on the fence about the Joffery and the whores scene. That would make sense when we get introduced to Ramsay Bolton but Joffery, it seems too forced.Just wanted to agree with these two points. In the books we saw how the "smallfolk" of Westeros suffered during the War of Five Kings through Arya's eyes. In the show Arya's travels through the countryside are discarded and instead we get Substitute Jeyne pontificating like a college freshman in her first social studies class and walking off in a huff.And the show's Joffrey is busy sucking up all of the "irredeemable sadist" oxygen that Ramsay Bolton will later need. It's needless -   the book's Joffrey is also a one-note caricature, but at least there we had glimpses of a boy desperate for his father's attention and approval. The show's Joffrey is a cartoon, an R-rated Snidely Whiplash.I'm getting a little tired of the lame excuse that TV isn't capable of conveying a single AGoT story point with the slightest subtlety - "The Wire" managed to deal with far more complex societal and personal issues far more intelligently and did so without straining the reasoning capacity of HBO viewers. I'm sure this show could manage at least 25% of that if it weren't so busy trying to live down to the SNL parody.
753	salt	2012-04-24	Being parodied on SNL is a massive compliment, it means the show has "made it".  And since the entire season was filmed long before the SNL parody, I'm not sure how the show could be "busy trying to live it down".
					
					
							Edited by salt, 24 April 2012 - 01:19 AM.
754	gordonah	2012-04-24	Gave it an 8.
What I didn't like was;
Joffrey / Ros scene. Gratuitous without moving the story on.
Qarth scene. For someone who was in no position to make demands, Dany didn't come across right. Her concern for her people would normally override other considerations, so to me it was a turnaround that she was prepared to let them die rather than show a dragon.
Happy to accept tweaks to the story, but the Robb / 'Jeyne' scene didn't feel right.
Good stuff;
Tyrion's threat. Excellent.
The look of Harrenhal, and all the scenes in it. Charles Dance's dominated the scenes once Tywin appeared.
					
					
							Edited by gordonah, 24 April 2012 - 02:28 AM.
755	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	My score:
+3 for the changes to the title sequence. (This season has been better about adding new locations, although I wish they would have at least added Storm's End even if we didn't see the castle itself; the sweeping pan over Essos OVER the armillary sphere/astrolab sun was awesome.)
+1 for Robb's battle scene
-1 for fart jokes and inanity.
+0 for the Volantis girl (holding my view on that until I see how they decide to play the romance)
+9 for the Sansa/Joffrey/Tyrion scene (I was dreaded that scene for the last few episodes, since I don't watch previews. It finally happened, and I could barely watch it even though her beating was briefer than it was in the book. Most of the points here are for Turner's fantastic acting, Tyrion's snappy lines, and the poignancy of him helping her up, her grateful look at someone treating her decently, and her incredibly graceful and powerful departure with her head held up. In case the score didn't make it clear, I loved the resolution of that scene).
-5 for the Joffrey/whores scene (I didn't think it was too much, I just think it completely undermined the important scene just before it and it's mostly what people are going to be talking about aside from the ending of this episode. I feel like I'm wondering whether it's Ros the Prostitute who's a main character or if it's Sansa Stark, given the relative importance the two seem to be getting).
+ 1 for Harrenhal (looked fantastically haunted)
-1 for not having room inside the largest keep on Westeros
+ 1 for Tywin's awesome scene, as implausible as it might have been. (He had great lines: "she's a girl, you idiot." Great delivery too.)
+2 for Qarth itself (the CG looked like a mix between Babylon and Constantinople. Very lush and opulent. Approve.)
-2 for Stannis/Renly (no buildup at all, and despite the "he's a ham" line, a lot of the charm was lost)
-1 for shadowbaby (This was difficult. I loved it and hated it. I liked the bit with the latern flare, and Davos being horrified, but I didn't like the smoke monster from Lost one bit. an evil Peter Pan shadow would have been less cheap looking, and far more terrifying, I think. They could have even shown Mel's sihouette giving birth to it, and then pulled back to her showing her as a person, but the shadow still there).
By my count that leaves us at 7. So 7 it is. Pretty good episode, if hamstrung by some problems. My second favorite of the season though, all told.
756	White Raven	2012-04-24	8/10
+ The scene with Tywin
+ The meeting between Renly and Stannis ("Is he a ham?")
+ Tyrion owns Lancel (an easy victory tbh, Lancel never had a chance)
+ shadowbaby birth scene
- the whore slapping scene dragged on forever
- the "modern" interpretation of Jeyne Westerling
757	lost son of Gulian Swann	2012-04-24	Felt like an average episode, I expect more from Game of Thrones, 5/10.
Positives:
Some stuff at Harrenhal was great. Tywin is amazing, such a screen presence, he dominates every scene he is in. Really enjoyed the tickler and that they didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t overplay him.
Spice merchant was a nice addition.
I continue to enjoy Stannis, Davos and Melisandre, like all the actors and characters. Shadow birthing scene was great.
Negatives:
The scene where Joffrey punishes Sansa for her brothers victories didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t live up to my expectations at all. I had hoped it would be one of this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s most emotionally loaded scenes, but I felt like it fell flat. I understand that it must be hard to do scenes like this with a young actress who is portraying an underage girl, but without the stripping of the clothes the scene lost a lot of its emotional weight. It didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t hit me anywhere near as hard as in the books where I could feel her humiliation and helplessness, alone in a city full of strangers and enemies. Ripping her clothes off and degrading her would show more clearly how terrible a situation she is in. Beating her like Mandon Moore did in the show is of course no picnic either, but it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t convey the same degradation and humiliation that book-Sansa had to endure. I felt worse for the whores than fA¶r Sansa, which for me is an incredible disappointment since this was one of the scenes I really looked forward to this season, with how powerful the scene is in the book and since I love both Jack Gleeson and Sophie Turner I expected them to knock it out of the park (the actors did great btw).
Robb and tv-Jeyne was terrible, their whole exchange was such a clichA©. Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a worrying start for such an important part of the future story and it will probably be given a lot of screen time so I want it to be good.
I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t manage season 2 Littlefinger, every time he opens his mouth I cringe a little. The actor and how the role is written is equally to blame for my disliking, he just feels so unnatural and he is about as subtle as a sledgehammer.
How many times must someone tell us that Renly is gay? Talk bout beating us over the head. The scene with Littlefinger and Margaery was totally pointless filler. We didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t learn any new information and it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t teach us anything new about LF or Margaery.
					
					
							Edited by lost son of Gulian Swann, 24 April 2012 - 06:39 AM.
758	Prince Alexander	2012-04-24	The entire Essos scene was pretty painful to watch. LF's coming down to Renly's camp felt pretty un-LFish. Oh and I was hoping for Renly's plum /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Other than that, great EP, 7/10.
759	Nukelavee	2012-04-24	Not really impressed with any of the season, to date, as a uniform production.
Aspects of it are great, most of it works, but... when it leaves me flat, it really disappoints me.
The whores and Joff - wtf?  At least the other chick only got beaten by the scepter, I had a really bad feeling it was going to really go over the top.
Jeyne was a clumsy handling.
Roose was dead on.
Mel is still way too jarringly not what I picture...but that's my problem, lol.
Still, bits like the woman staring into space reciting her losses to the Tickler crew was down right scarey.
And the view into Quarth from the gates was amazing.
760	unRobert	2012-04-24	Oof. A generous 6. I should rewatch all the Dany scenes, because I'm pretty sure she screams about taking back what is hers and destroying shit in every one. I wonder if show-only fans notice the ridiculousness of those statements.
761	Zach H	2012-04-24	Proabaly a 3 or 4 or so.  Another fade to black battle was disappointing (budget constraints, yeah, but at least show Robb in action, we haven't seen that yet from what I recall), Mandatory HBO Nudity reaches a new low, Melisandre sounds like something from a movie adaptation of generic fantasy videogame.
Brienne was pretty much the only good thing.  Mostly this episode made me realize that Jon in the North is main reason the show works.
762	rappin'Hodor	2012-04-24	I give this a 9.  I've divorced my show viewing from the books and have to say that this is by far the best tv show currently running.  I can't wait for each Sunday night to arrive and it flies by leaving me wishing for more.  This has rarely happened to me, so i can forgive a few canonical transgressions!
I have a good insight into non-book viewers through my wife (who isn't crazy about the show, but watches it with me anyway) and my brother (who LOVES, LOVES ,LOVES the show) and we speak about it after every episode. 
My wife is simply glued to the tv whenever Dany is on-screen.  Sansa and Arya also grab her attention and she finds Tyrion super-interesting. 
While she doesn't like the scenes with Joffrey, I notice that she pays more attention the more crazy crap he does and asks me constantly if he is going get justice.  So from her perspective, these non-book scenes are working!
My brother hangs on every word of every scene and each episode is better than the last.  He's going to start reading the books next week (his wife is getting him the books for his birthday on Fri). 
So whatever these guys are doing, it's working.
763	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-24	I also see the show as totally separate from the books.  So far it's worked for me.  Whilst I love seeing the book characters brought to life, I do keep the show's plots separate from the book plots.
764	Songlian	2012-04-24	7/10Lancel was great. So was Mel. And Arya. (Arya's always great anyway.) And Tywin. (Tywin's perfect.)A bit too dark for my taste, though I'm not saying it was bad at all.
					
					
							Edited by Songlian, 24 April 2012 - 03:24 PM.
765	bikie	2012-04-24	I gave it a 7.. agree with many of the criticisms on this thread:
do we need to see more joffrey cruelty that doesn't involve major players? if you go over the list of his exploits from just the HBO show, anyone need more convincing he is a maniac should stop watching the show...
the Qarth scene came across as cliche and tacky, something this show has managed to avoid expertly...
the Robb and Talisa scene also came across, to me, as very predictable and cliche...
all in all, I still enjoyed the show but become increasingly disappointed with the additions HBO has inserted
766	The Monkey	2012-04-24	do we need to see more joffrey cruelty that doesn't involve major players? if you go over the list of his exploits from just the HBO show, anyone need more convincing he is a maniac should stop watching the show...Consider this: How necessary was it (in the books and the series) for Joffrey to show Sansa her fathers head after the execution? We already knew he was a cunt (to quote Bronn).There is not fault in emphasizing a character's traits through well-made scenes. The non-book readers I've spoked to had nothing against that scene, and I think the controversy about it on this forum is just an example of book-readers holding non-book scenes to a higher standard than book scenes. If CoK had featured Joffrey torturing prostitutes, no one would have complained.
767	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	I usually vote 7 or 8 and this one is a 7, which means it's one of the usual enjoyable GoT episodes.
768	Strider	2012-04-24	I give it a 9.  I gave the first two episodes 7s and last week's episode 10.  
I am convinced now that the only way to appreciate and enjoy this series is to forget completely about the books and to stop all the comparisons.  The series stands on its own and needs to be evaluated on its own terms.   The writers have made changes to the source material, both to the narrative and to the characters.  It's silly to criticize them for making changes.  Of course they are making changes.  All that is important is whether the series works.  And on that basis, I have to give it a strong thumbs-up.  HBO has given us a compelling story with compelling character.  This is great television!
769	Corvinus	2012-04-24	I give it a 9.  I gave the first two episodes 7s and last week's episode 10.  I am convinced now that the only way to appreciate and enjoy this series is to forget completely about the books and to stop all the comparisons.  The series stands on its own and needs to be evaluated on its own terms.   The writers have made changes to the source material, both to the narrative and to the characters.  It's silly to criticize them for making changes.  Of course they are making changes.  All that is important is whether the series works.  And on that basis, I have to give it a strong thumbs-up.  HBO has given us a compelling story with compelling character.  This is great television!I am going to try to do that. I gave it a 7 because of the increased deviations from the book, but it probably deserves a 9. It will be difficult to forget about the book when watching the show. Maybe as long as my favorite scenes are there, I will be happy.In fact the only part I frowned upon was the quick jumping between scenes regarding Renly and Stannis. One moment Littlefinger is touring around Renly's camp, then Renly and Stannis are meeting (NO PEACH!!!) and then Davos is rowing Melisandre to... where? There is no mention of Storm's End and why Davos had to take Mel into a cave with iron bars that didn't use to be there.
					
					
							Edited by Corvinus, 24 April 2012 - 07:12 PM.
770	Puzzle	2012-04-24	I give the episode an 8/10.
I thought it was a very solid episode, and I loved most of it with some exceptions:
Quarth: I thought this scene was awkward, but I can't really put my finger on why exactly and is the reason for most of the points knocked off. I think it's maybe because
a) can't understand why Dany will refuse to show her dragons. I suppose it's due to the fear of having her dragons taken away from her, shouldn't her first priority be to stay alive, and the only way she can ensure that is if her and her khalasar are allowed into the city.
b ) I don't understand her shouting and threatening to burn the city to the ground. Yeah, I suppose if she is desperate, she might have played the threatening card, but I felt like there should have been more negotiations prior to the threats.
On the other hand, I really liked the spice merchant and the creepy bold guy in the background.
The Robb/Talisa scene. I'm slightly conflicted about this one. While the acting was fine and I definately agree that the Robb romance storyline definately needs to change from the books because Robb is older and more mature, I'm not sure that this was the best way to do it. It felt too modern, with her lecturing the King In the North so openly in the field. I hope they develop the romance beyond the "king falling for the sassy modern girl who speaks her mind" cliche.
Other than that, I thought it was a great episode. Special shoutout to:
-The tyrion/sansa/joffrey scene - AMAZING, and plus Bronn's line had my laughing long after the scene was over
-Harrenhal was flawless. Tywin coming in like a boss made me so excited
-I loved the Stannis/Renly exchange. "Is he ham?" LoL
- All hail Stannis, the King of grammar. I loved this line-I thought it really showcased Stannis's personality well.
					
					
							Edited by Puzzle, 24 April 2012 - 08:17 PM.
771	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-24	Consider this: How necessary was it (in the books and the series) for Joffrey to show Sansa her fathers head after the execution? We already knew he was a cunt (to quote Bronn).There is not fault in emphasizing a character's traits through well-made scenes. The non-book readers I've spoked to had nothing against that scene, and I think the controversy about it on this forum is just an example of book-readers holding non-book scenes to a higher standard than book scenes. If CoK had featured Joffrey torturing prostitutes, no one would have complained.That scene you're referring to in season one wasn't just about showing Joffrey as a cunt though. That's certainly part of it, but a lot is more about Sansa, and how she realizes what a terrible position she's in. The scene from this episode was well made I agree, but not really necessary, and I would have preferred the time spent better in Renly and Stannis' meeting, which was not only cut short but had no setup.
772	Tadco26	2012-04-24	Consider this: How necessary was it (in the books and the series) for Joffrey to show Sansa her fathers head after the execution? We already knew he was a cunt (to quote Bronn).There is not fault in emphasizing a character's traits through well-made scenes. The non-book readers I've spoked to had nothing against that scene, and I think the controversy about it on this forum is just an example of book-readers holding non-book scenes to a higher standard than book scenes. If CoK had featured Joffrey torturing prostitutes, no one would have complained.Yes but now he has done that, AND he has killed all his father's bastards, and he has threatened to kill his mother, and stripped and beaten his betrothed in public, and so this addition was not "bad" in the sense that the scene was poorly acted, or directed or even totally out of character.  It was just very long considering how condensed so many other character's screen time and stories have been.  More of a bad use of screen time, more so than the scene itself being bad, for me at least.  It would have been great if they had 20 episodes this season.  With only 10 episodes it seems redundant in the information it provides relative to the amount of screen time it recieved.Will we ever learn about Davos being the Onion Knight or the exact details of why he lost his knuckles?  They glossed over it this episode, but it could have been completely explained with the time spent on Joffrey and the whores.  We don't "need" to see Renly and his peach or Stannis brandishing Light Bringer for the first time, but personally I would have preferred those moments.  Argueably they did need to have Catelyn remind both Baratheon brothers that Lord Tywin sits at Harrenhal with twenty thousand swords, and they have multiple other armies gathering with Cersei and Joffrey holding the Iron Throne.  That they both name themselves king but only Robb is fighting to defend the kingdom they want to lay claim to.  They could have spent the time explaining why Stannis chose to attack Renly instead of King's Landing.  Of course that would be tough if they have cut Storm's End, since then there really isn't a reason to go there rather than straight to King's Landing.  They could have even kept two shadow babies, since we only get one birth in the books with that time.  We could have had Arya escape Ser Amory last episode and avoid the clumsy lie of the blond Lommy being the dark haired bastard Gendry, and then have them wandering and get captured by the Mountain this episode...  There are so many good scenes that would not be any more heavy on special effects or casting than the whore scene that could have been included instead.  So it isn't that the whore scene was "bad', but more so that it wasn't adding enough to a story that is already being drastically cut down to warrant including over events from the book that we don't get to see.
773	Tadco26	2012-04-24	I give the episode an 8/10.I thought it was a very solid episode, and I loved most of it with some exceptions:Quarth: I thought this scene was awkward, but I can't really put my finger on why exactly and is the reason for most of the points knocked off. I think it's maybe becausea) can't understand why Dany will refuse to show her dragons. I suppose it's due to the fear of having her dragons taken away from her, shouldn't her first priority be to stay alive, and the only way she can ensure that is if her and her khalasar are allowed into the city.b ) I don't understand her shouting and threatening to burn the city to the ground. Yeah, I suppose if she is desperate, she might have played the threatening card, but I felt like there should have been more negotiations prior to the threats.I agree that this was cringe worthy.  Dany first says that if they don't let her in they will all die, and THEN says she will come back when her dragons are grown and burn the city to the ground?  She will have a pretty tough time coming back when her dragons are grown if she starves to death...  That isn't just bad politics, it's a completely stupid comment that would more likely get her "kalisar" of 10 people killed on the spot than gain her entrance.  The most obvious reason she doesn't show her dragons is because of real world economics of the cost for the CGI.  But they could have avoided showing them this episode just as easily by not having the 13 insist to see them...Alternate rewrite of the scene:13 recieve Dany and initially refuse to let her in.  Dany tells them she will reward them when she comes into her kingdom if they help her now.  Spice King balks without seeing dragons first.  Dany promises to let them all see the dragons after they have entered the city and rested up.  Xaro agrees to take them in.
774	summer_stark	2012-04-24	-1 for not having room inside the largest keep on Westeros  /laugh.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> that made me laugh out loud--literally.  so true, but i totally didn't notice it until you said it.overall, i'd give this a 7.5.  it was good, but i liked last week better. and i have a terrible memory, so most of my gripes aren't based on a comparison to the book--and for the record, i friggin love this show--i'm obsessed. i watch each episode at least 3 times, which is probably why i notice some of the gripes i have. also, i thought the first 4 episodes of season 1 were fairly slow as well--and it was really episode 5 where it got awesome--so i think things will improve a lot starting next week.I'll start with the things I disliked:1) the fart joke--are you friggin kidding me? i literally cringed and thought about how all the people i've introduced the show to would be rolling their eyes at yet another fart joke, as if the previous one wasn't bad enough. plus, the whole--gotcha oh wait we really are going to die thing is so overplayed.  it definitely irritated me--they couldve just had the guy get up and say "do you hear someth...aaahh" gets eaten by grey wind,2) qarth.  the scene was so random--the whole scene felt inauthentic is really what my beef is.  too cheesy fantasy movie for my tastes. the spice king reminded me of jabba the hut, but with the demeanor of ...i can't even think of who--but just lame--the entire time i was thinking why dont they just take her dragons? is she seriously yelling at them? i mean, i thought it was ok to show her desperation bla bla...but if she was so desperate, wouldnt she just show her dragons? i mean, they're pretty obviously in the "pier 1 baskets" so it just seemed weird.  obviously it also shows that she's got the crazy targ streak, but still felt forced.  plus, the whole invoking sumai thing--wow, how cliche.  some parts of the qarth thing were ok--the "horde?" line, the look inside, pyat pree in the background.  and honestly, i didn't even remember how the whole qarth scene happened in the book, so this is just based on my tv viewing, not book comparison.3) shadowbaby.  not all bad--but the fact that most non book readers think it's a smoke monster--because that's what it looked like--bugs me.  and i know some people are saying that's how it was written, but i disagree--nowhere in the scene does it say that it comes out amidst smoke and then forms--it says the hands wrap around and the head comes out and it comes out and then gets huge (i.e., the size of a large shadow)--not that it is vaguely formed and smokey, then takes human form.also, i thought davos' initial reaction was sort of comical--he didn't look very scared--poorly acted--though i usually think he is great--that face he made took me out of the moment for a second.  but, knowing what it was, i have to say i thought it turned out pretty good--mostly, i just hate that it was made in such a way that it legitimately is called the smoke monster from lost, or a dementor.4) the mountain--i know the other dude left to play the hobbit, but this is the scariest big guy you could find? he made a face that was like a genial smile at one point--which made him seem like a giant teddy bear.5) the moment ser meryn is about to hit sansa for the last time and tyrion stops him--it felt like the actor playing ser meryn was going to stop, or even did, just before tyrion said anything--like the timing seemed off, so when he raised his sword, i thought it was comical, again taking me out of the moment.  tyrion more than made up for it though.6) fading to black for what seemed like 5 minutes during the battle...7) LF--the whole making a play felt poorly acted and ill timed (not in the sense of her being a widow, that too, but in the sense of the actors playing off of each other).8) did anyone else think the shot of davos and mel in the boat, after the long shot, where they are rowing into the cave was disconcerting? he was rowing, but not moving at all--was that supposed to happen--couldn't they have made him move a little? part of the problem is probably that i watched the episode 3.5 times so i noticed all the random things, but even the first time i watched it i remember thinking, why are you rowing if you're not going anywhere?9) the music--it felt off for some reason--like it was too modern at certain moments.----Likes:1) tyrion/sansa/bronn scene: i thought it was awesome. period.2) tyrion/lancel--hilarious, and i thought eugene simon (lancel) did a great job.3) the joff/ros scene--it was disturbing as fuck, but i thought it was very well done--and i think that nonbook people get a real sense of the psychopath/sadist that joffrey is, that they didn't seem to get before, so i was fine with this addition (though it couldve been shorter).4) harrenhal--from arya saying "dead people" to hot pie peeing himself when the guy he is taking after (who said he never gets picked b/c he stares at the mtn, so hot pie stares at the mtn), gets picked, to rat torture and tywin being superb--i loved it. arya and her storyline, even the truncated version, is one of my very favorites.  (a little worried about how the tywin cupbearer thing will play out in terms of the jaqen storyline).5) the stannis/renl parley: i loved this scene.  i thought it renly was hilarious and stannis perfectly rigid.  i dont see the point of the peach in this context, because the peach's ongoing significance is all in stannis' inner monologue, so we couldn't get that on the tv show anyway.6) margaery--i adore the tv version of her character--though i hope her grandma makes an appearance in the next couple of seasons. thought the way she shut LF down was awesome.7) the new map! i cheered out loud.8) the robb/grey wind shot--loved love loved it.9) shadowbaby--some parts of it were awesome--the hands curling around her legs--that i specifically remembered about the book and loved how it added to the creep factor--and i thought it was also appropriately disturbing and creepy, so i liked that.10) Roose! i almost forgot--so fantastic...on the fence:robb/talisa--i liked the look on his face when she was amputating the dude's foot--like, oh you're so dreamy...it was fun and funny in a cringeworthy scene. but i am not sure how i feel about the change--if it is indeed a change.
					
					
							Edited by summer_stark, 24 April 2012 - 09:37 PM.
775	packersfan	2012-04-24	My friend and I were just discussing how we almost wish we had not read the books first.  I hadn't read the books before watch Season 1 and I just loved it and it got me into reading the books.  Now Season 2 rolls around and I am seeing where HBO is making deviations and adding and changing scenes and at some points they just seem unnecessary.  The two scenes that struck me as wasting time in this episode that could have been better spent developing and telling more of the actual book story were Joff and the prostitutes; Robb and the field nurse.  Both seemed unnecessary to me.
First, neither happened in the books (that is not to say they could not have happened, since neither Robb nor Joff were POV characters in the book).  Second, what was the need?  Again HBO is acting like a horny teenager and must have T&A on-screen wasting time.  We know prostitutes are prostitutes and we know Joff is a "cunt".  Did we really need an even more sadistic scene than him having Sansa beaten and stripped?  As for Robb and this field nurse.  I really hope she disappears and doesn't ruin the actual plot of Robb falling for Jeyne Westerling.  Again this scene just added little in the way of plot besides throwing out the age-old argument against war that the little guy pays the price for the big guys' fights.
The fact that the show has to pick and choose which characters to even show a glimpse of in each episode begs the question why they waste time on additional scenes that do NOTHING to further explain a characters inner thoughts and motivations.  I am fine with HBO expanding on some things that we did not "see" in the books, like Renly and Loras relationship, since the POV characters were not able to be watching that, but these writers are having a little bit of a problem weighing which expansion is necessary and actually useful.  Showing me AGAIN that Joffrey is a dick is redundant, especially when you had to write a new original scene to do it.  Showing me that Robb is in a little over his head and really is still very young is not entirely necessary (though it might be the better of the two), especially when you need to write a new scene to convey it.  Com'on!  We have a whole plot line coming up where we find out that Robb is not completely grounded by duty as a king.
776	gogorath	2012-04-24	I'm not afarid. I'm just annoyed. What the hell should I be afarid of?You're incredibly angry over a tv show adaptation.  Lighten up, Francis.
777	gogorath	2012-04-24	I think the show is just too boring for me. I've tried and tried and tried to get into it. I really wish the writing, direction and pacing were better. Oh well, at least some fans are loving it which is cool. I do like some of the acting.I really have to ask:  what tv shows do you consider to have significantly better writing and direction?  I'm curious as to your inclinations.Every single reviewer has praised the directing and writing.  Heck, the negative reviews were almost entirely genre based.  I mean, are you a huge Terrence Malick fan?  I am, and I love this, but I can see where the pacing would be off and the directing is not at that level.  Is there another book you love at the level of ASOIF that had a better written adaptation?  What are they?  I admit I really liked Peter Jackson's adaptation of LOTR (though it was not without issues) but as a contrast, one of my favorite books of all time, A Prayer for Owen Meany, was so abominably bad an adaptation the author made them change the character's name.
778	Eira Seren	2012-04-24	The scene where Joffrey punishes Sansa for her brothers victories didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t live up to my expectations at all. I had hoped it would be one of this seasonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s most emotionally loaded scenes, but I felt like it fell flat. I understand that it must be hard to do scenes like this with a young actress who is portraying an underage girl, but without the stripping of the clothes the scene lost a lot of its emotional weight. It didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t hit me anywhere near as hard as in the books where I could feel her humiliation and helplessness, alone in a city full of strangers and enemies. Ripping her clothes off and degrading her would show more clearly how terrible a situation she is in. Beating her like Mandon Moore did in the show is of course no picnic either, but it didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t convey the same degradation and humiliation that book-Sansa had to endure. I felt worse for the whores than fA¶r Sansa, which for me is an incredible disappointment since this was one of the scenes I really looked forward to this season, with how powerful the scene is in the book and since I love both Jack Gleeson and Sophie Turner I expected them to knock it out of the park (the actors did great btw).have to agree. someone else has said this before on this thread, and i was thinking the same --that the ros scene just one-upped the sansa scene, effectively diffusing the emotional impact, lessening the cruelty of sansa's treatment by comparison (and lessening by comparison the reader's outrage as well).  i think it's safe to say that sansa just had one of the worst moments of her entire life.  it got eclipsed by the other scene.  not the actor's fault at all!I really have to ask:  what tv shows do you consider to have significantly better writing and direction?  I'm curious as to your inclinations.Every single reviewer has praised the directing and writing.  Heck, the negative reviews were almost entirely genre based.  I mean, are you a huge Terrence Malick fan?  I am, and I love this, but I can see where the pacing would be off and the directing is not at that level.  Is there another book you love at the level of ASOIF that had a better written adaptation?  What are they?  I admit I really liked Peter Jackson's adaptation of LOTR (though it was not without issues) but as a contrast, one of my favorite books of all time, A Prayer for Owen Meany, was so abominably bad an adaptation the author made them change the character's name.do you think it is unfair of me to compare it to the quality of last season?  because i've re-watched that one about 3 times now, and every time i find it to be solid, all the way.  maybe there are a couple of slow parts, but no biggie.  this season, we're 4 episodes in and even though there's been some great content, i feel that as a cohesive whole, the show isn't up to last season's standard.and i know 2 HBO subscribers who are fast losing interest.  one of them won't cancel, because they watch other shows.  the other person --the one who actually convinced me to start watching (and reading the books, which restored my faith in fantasy writing after giving it up 12 years ago) -- is thinking of cancelling, since that's the only reason they got it. they just aren't into it this season. makes me rather sad.
779	Zerrex	2012-04-25	I gave it a 9. I was pretty impressed.
No real complaints, but I rarely rate anything as "perfect"
Greywind attack was cool. Roose appeared well cast.
Harrenhal scenes were great.
I was actually impressed at Lancel this episode, not sure why. They really captured him being really confident and smug and it contrasted really well when he realized Tyrion has him in his pocket.
Littlefinger thrown into the mix was alright, was a "Eh" reaction for me.
Didn't mind the Joffrey scenes, although the one stretched on pretty long.
Shadowbaby thing was less weird (note: Less) than I thought it would be, and had some pretty cool effects.
Glad they threw in some Stannis lines too. Shame that the Peach probably won't make it in xD
					
					
							Edited by Zerrex, 25 April 2012 - 12:22 AM.
780	gogorath	2012-04-25	do you think it is unfair of me to compare it to the quality of last season?  because i've re-watched that one about 3 times now, and every time i find it to be solid, all the way.  maybe there are a couple of slow parts, but no biggie.  this season, we're 4 episodes in and even though there's been some great content, i feel that as a cohesive whole, the show isn't up to last season's standard.and i know 2 HBO subscribers who are fast losing interest.  one of them won't cancel, because they watch other shows.  the other person --the one who actually convinced me to start watching (and reading the books, which restored my faith in fantasy writing after giving it up 12 years ago) -- is thinking of cancelling, since that's the only reason they got it. they just aren't into it this season. makes me rather sad.I think that's a lot more valid than the comment that the writing and directing are weak.  It has been slower and less cohesive than season one as a whole.But I thought the early episodes last year really struggled to balance story and exposition.  I don't think the show found it's stride until somewhere in the range between Arya's dancing lesson (a beautiful scene) an definitely hitting its stride with by episode six (the crowning of Viserys).  Did you really find those first four episodes of character introduction, exposition and check-ins all that smooth?  I didn't, neither did most critics and even HBO -- there's a reason they sent out six episodes as screeners.You're comparing the intentionally slower portion of the season against a complete season.  That's not really fair.Another question for you:  while I think it's reasonable to say that you feel that this season isn't as good as last so far... how much worse is it?  From all the handwringing and talk of cancelling HBO, you seem to imply it is terrible.  Is that a correct assessment?As for cohesion, I'll plant a thought with you:  there's probably too much content.  But at the same time, when the writers miss a peach, they get blasted.  You know what many an adapter would have done?  Cut Renly completely out of the entire story.  March Stannis to King's Landing.  Blast Dorne out of existence.  Frankly, do we need Arya?  Or even Dany?  The path to visual cohesion and pacing lies in simplicity.  There was not going to be enough time to tell it all -- HBO is already going to invest somewhere over $500M in production costs on this show.  No one gets that budget.  So choose:  the level of cohesion we have; cutting whole storylines; wildly awful production values.  Which comes to my last point.  I'd like to throw some facts out there and you tell me what you make of them:Game of Thrones has a very high production budget -- except for Rome, the highest I've ever heard ofGame of Thrones was a strong critical success, with the only negative critics attacking genre (and the first four eps we've seen have been reviewed very positively as well)Game of Thrones is watched by many, many people -- one of the most successful premium cable shows everGame of Thrones is heavily engrained in pop culture alreadyThe vast majority of the complaints about the show are by people who have read the booksI'm not saying the show is perfect; it's not and never will be.  I'm also not saying you're wrong for feeling the way you do -- that's a nonsense statement.  You feel as you feel.This is what I am saying:  as close as we can ever get to objectively speaking about something like this -- this is as good as adaptations get. Or pretty damn close.  I can think of a few better movie adaptations, but at 5x the production budget per minute.  Looking at the information above, this is what I come to logically:  the show is very, very good, and some people who have read the books are not enjoying the show because of that point of view.  I don't know if that applies to you or not.  I can't tell how much you are disappointed.  But it applies to a lot of people here.  I love the books, have read all of them except Dance 5+ times as well as all three of the Dunk books.  I also love the series and can live with them being different stories.  If you don't like them, if the show angers you more than you enjoy it, I think there's something to examining why that is.  Because if you could change that, wouldn't you rather just enjoy the ride?(A starter idea for those people:  how about not condemning changes until they run their course.  Remember how Jon seeing Craster in the woods was going to lead to an inevitable confrontation where Craster is killed, Jon is exiled and never meets Qhorin Halfhand?  Me neither, but that a fear on this board.  Now apply that to Talisa/Jeyne.  Or hell, Ros.  Her story is actually pretty interesting this year.  Not good times in Ros-land.)
781	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-04-25	This time I'd given it 8 - less than episode 3, but still better than the first two. Overall a good episode. And now, to my 20 cents:Harrenhall was terrifyc! The look of the towers, the missery of the prisoners, the torture scene (not outright in your face, but still very disturbing). The Tickler was great - very alike the original character. The new Mountain is a bit dissapointing - he is tall but kind of skinny, and not menacing as the actor, that was casted in the first seasone. I don't realy dig Lord Tywin's appearence at Harrenhall - it sounds as he is going to replace Roose in using Aria as his cupbearer. /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Stannis/Renly/Melisandre part was reliable (no peach, but it's still fine). I still cannot relate to Davos. Shadowbaby was well "produced".Quarth part was really intertaining, but Xaro is a bit too galant and less flameboyant than he ought to be.Tyrion and Lancel part was very funny. But Peter Dinklage is a kind of win-win situation, as we all know.And now, to my only BIG problem with this episode - Joffrey and the whores. While it was definetely well acted and written, I think that scene was too brutal - even while being totally bloodless, it was hard to watch. We allready know that Joffrey is a twisted monster (it's a shame, he haven't a chance to meet Ramsey Bolton - they have SO much in common), but I'm not sure, that the audience needed another reminder of his cruelty - I think his scene with Sansa being brutalysed by Ser Merin Trant was more than enough.
782	Vic-tarion Rattlehead	2012-04-25	and then Davos is rowing Melisandre to... where? There is no mention of Storm's End and why Davos had to take Mel into a cave with iron bars that didn't use to be there.They blended together two scenes from the book - Renly's assassination by the Shadow and Davos smuggling Melisandre to Storm's End to kill it's castellan to obtain Edric Storm, by giving birth to another Shadow. AFAIR there was a cave with bars.
783	Dalfiatach	2012-04-25	I dunno, for those complaining that the Joff scene didn't add anything, I thought it did. Non-readers probably think Joff is just a bit of a petulant spoiled brat arrogant teenage boy. He's been absolutely ruined by his mother and now he's the King, most teenage boys and especially a spoiled brat would lose the run of themselves a bit in those circumstances. Bronn then adds to the idea in the minds of viewers that maybe Joff is just immature and spoiled. Maybe with a bit of growing up he won't turn out so bad and Sansa's situation might improve in time.
But then comes that scene, which finally establishes that Joff really is a psychopathic sadistic monster, not a redeemable if currently badly flawed spoiled teenager that might grow up and wise up some day. Non-readers now know there's no obvious way out for Sansa, Joff isn't going to mature, and are now worried for what might happen to her next.
As for Robb's hot nurse, well I never really bought the Robb/Jeyne sub-story in the books anyway so I don't mind if they change it.
					
					
							Edited by Dalfiatach, 25 April 2012 - 04:10 AM.
784	bikie	2012-04-25	I dunno, for those complaining that the Joff scene didn't add anything, I thought it did. Non-readers probably think Joff is just a bit of a petulant spoiled brat arrogant teenage boy. He's been absolutely ruined by his mother and now he's the King, most teenage boys and especially a spoiled brat would lose the run of themselves a bit in those circumstances. Bronn then adds to the idea in the minds of viewers that maybe Joff is just immature and spoiled. Maybe with a bit of growing up he won't turn out so bad and Sansa's situation might improve in time. But then comes that scene, which finally establishes that Joff really is a psychopathic sadistic monster, not a redeemable if currently badly flawed spoiled teenager that might grow up and wise up some day. Non-readers now know there's no obvious way out for Sansa, Joff isn't going to mature, and are now worried for what might happen to her next. As for Robb's hot nurse, well I never really bought the Robb/Jeyne sub-story in the books anyway so I don't mind if they change it.I don't know, from the series only, joff has the following resume:went after arya and the butcher's boy with malice intentbeheaded ned against ordersmade sansa look at his head on a spikehad sansa beaten multiple timesstripped sansa and pointed crossbow at hercut out tongue of singerthreatens to kill his momalmost kills drunk knightordered killing of all robert's bastards, including infantsI think this goes well beyond immature and is well into psycopathic... but if I could give that scene a point, it would be the escalation of his feud with his uncle... I just think they could have made that point with a shorter scene and used that air time for other aspects of the story that could use more of it...
785	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-25	Can I just mention about that 'fading to black' during Robb's battle that people have commented on.  Is this a matter of what TV you have, I wonder?  I have an HD TV and during the 'fade to black' there was a clear vision of a horse, terrified and rolling its eye again.  Then the light came up on Robb.  So it wasn't really a fade to black, more like real darkness, but definitely on my screen, a horse's face could be seen.
786	Ded As Ned	2012-04-25	I am not going to criticize it but what as the idea of not displaying Dragon?I can't remember but I thought that was what bought Dany quick entry?Man they must be saving back the CGI budget.Kind of a puzzle.The idea was that Dany's children were not a side-show spectacle.  She wanted entry to the city based on her own merit, to show them that she was not there simply to put on a dragon-and-pony show for their entertainment.  IMO, anyway.
787	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	Also my wife who has not read the books, was lost and had many questions, which has me fearing for the overall viewership of the show. The fast dialogue with thick accents are not helping much. Particularly the Stannis/Davos scene, any non book viewer had to be wondering WTF they were talking about. Same with the Arya prisoner scenes, IMO it was not clear as to where they were, and what info the torturers were trying to get, if you were a non reader.This is my concern. I don't understand why there isn't more exposition in the show. Take the Harrenhal scenes; did anyone actually mention they were at Harrenhal? And the Davos / Stannis scene about the finger bones; how on earth is a non-book viewer supposed to understand what's happening there.I mean, it's not that challenging. When everyone approaches Harrenhal, someone says: "That's Harrenhal, it's warped and grizzly because dragons burnt everyone alive there hundreds of years ago." As for Davos, someone could just ask him about the bones. He tells them the story. Bingo. If they couldn't have worked that dialogue into the script, why not simply cut that bit of mishandled characterization out completely?Interestingly, on the UK airing on Sky Atlantic we actually got the HBO 'previously on Game Of Thrones' recap pre-credits, which we've never had before. I wonder if broadcasters, of not producers, are concerned that audiences are (still) watching but in danger of not following what's happened.
788	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	The idea was that Dany's children were not a side-show spectacle.  She wanted entry to the city based on her own merit, to show them that she was not there simply to put on a dragon-and-pony show for their entertainment.  IMO, anyway.As we saw the dragons struggling to feed in the first episode, because they're not yet able to cook meat and don't have a mother to to it for them, I wondered whether the implication is that they are weak and Dany was worried that if she let them see her dragons all pathetic and weak they wouldnt let her in at all? Seems a bit of a strange time to get an ego complex.
789	gogorath	2012-04-25	"What kind of fire melts stone like that?"
"Dragonfire."
Works for me.  Who Harren was, when it happened, etc, are all unimportant in the context of the story.  The exposition you are proposing is clunky and tends to take viewers out of the scene.
The Davos/stand is scene was similar.
790	The Greenseer	2012-04-25	This is my concern. I don't understand why there isn't more exposition in the show. Take the Harrenhal scenes; did anyone actually mention they were at Harrenhal? And the Davos / Stannis scene about the finger bones; how on earth is a non-book viewer supposed to understand what's happening there.I mean, it's not that challenging. When everyone approaches Harrenhal, someone says: "That's Harrenhal, it's warped and grizzly because dragons burnt everyone alive there hundreds of years ago." As for Davos, someone could just ask him about the bones. He tells them the story. Bingo. If they couldn't have worked that dialogue into the script, why not simply cut that bit of mishandled characterization out completely?Interestingly, on the UK airing on Sky Atlantic we actually got the HBO 'previously on Game Of Thrones' recap pre-credits, which we've never had before. I wonder if broadcasters, of not producers, are concerned that audiences are (still) watching but in danger of not following what's happened.HBO has extras online, they need to air these, following the shows to help explain the backstory. Or AGOT equivalent to the show Talking Dead, which is a discussion about the show Walking Dead which airs after each episode.
					
					
							Edited by The Greenseer, 25 April 2012 - 09:57 PM.
791	Howdyphillip	2012-04-26	I wanted to comment about the votes for extremely low scores on this episode. A score of 1 would be at least tied for the worst thing that someone has seen on television. I find that extremely reactionary, but can understand and appreciate someone being so upset the show didn't nail their vision that it is painful for them to watch...
It is the scores of 2-3 range that make me chuckle. I just picture someone watching the show in agony telling themselves how much they hate it, but then getting really exited for 20 seconds when they show the one particular thing they don't have a problem with, and then go back to scowling when it is over.
792	rmholt	2012-04-26	Line o' the weekMel: I'm a knight myself of sorts. A champion of light and life.Davos: Well, that must be very nice for you
793	rmholt	2012-04-26	It is the scores of 2-3 range that make me chuckle. I just picture someone watching the show in agony telling themselves how much they hate it, but then getting really exited for 20 seconds when they show the one particular thing they don't have a problem with, and then go back to scowling when it is over.Like Real Housewives of Kings Landing?
794	Winter Wasnt That Bad	2012-04-26	Liked it!  Although, I would have expected 
	Spoiler  Renly to have been offed about 3 episodes ago 
, its clear the writers here are dragging out the biggest scenes in the book.
After watching season 1, I read the entire series.  The good news is that the series is everything (and more) than I heard about it.  Some of the books (book 4 mostly) drag at time, but overall it is an awesome read.  It's probably been about 10 years since I read something this engrossing.
The bad news is that the books are much better than the show (drat).  Don't get me wrong, I still like the TV series, it just doesn't quite measure up to Martin's writing.  Some of the new characters are really inspired choices (Davos and Stannis).  But others just don't remind me of the written characters.  The most obvious is Asha Greyjoy.  Sry that ain't her on screen.  Read the book and you'll understand.  Not sure about Mel either.  I'll give her a little more time to develop.
795	Winter Wasnt That Bad	2012-04-26	8.5I liked the throw back from Catlyn to LF, I'm a little mixed on the Robb/ Jeyne run in and I didn't like the newer Mountain actor, and I thought Arya's eyes for the dead people was very good.
	Spoiler   I missed the Jeyne connection.  Is this the woman that Robb marries in the books?  (the woman he meets on the battlefield).  I wasn't sure, but thought she was a character created by the TV series.
796	SFA-OK	2012-04-26	I really have to ask:  what tv shows do you consider to have significantly better writing and direction?  I'm curious as to your inclinations.Every single reviewer has praised the directing and writing.  Heck, the negative reviews were almost entirely genre based.  I mean, are you a huge Terrence Malick fan?  I am, and I love this, but I can see where the pacing would be off and the directing is not at that level.  Is there another book you love at the level of ASOIF that had a better written adaptation?  What are they?  I admit I really liked Peter Jackson's adaptation of LOTR (though it was not without issues) but as a contrast, one of my favorite books of all time, A Prayer for Owen Meany, was so abominably bad an adaptation the author made them change the character's name.I am probably more critical of films and TV than most people are. I would say shows like Sopranos, Twin Peaks and The Wire blow away the writing that we've seen so far from the HBO GoT. Other shows that aren't dramas - Seinfeld, The Office (BBC version). I don't think there are very many really good TV shows, but that doesn't magically make the writing on the GoT adaptation better just because there aren't a lot of other really well written TV shows out there. I already posted this last year, but I think my expectations were simply too high after I saw that HBO was adapting the show and one of the writers actually said something along the lines of envisioning the show like a medieval Sopranos, which is EXACTLY how I view the books to a certain extent. But the writing isn't even in the same ballpark as the Sopranos. And it's not like the writers don't have source material to draw from. I understand time and budget constraints, but that's not really the problem, IMO, the writing is simply lacking in subtly, it's middle of the road, overly safe, characterization is lacking in places, dialogue pales in comparison to the dialogue from the book. It's like the writers (or HBO) are trying to adapt the books more to how other modern shows because they are afraid the show won't be well received otherwise, which sucks, IMO. As far as critics raving about it, I'm not saying the show is bad, not at all, but it's pretty irrelevant to me that critics think the show is better than most shows on TV when most shows on TV are mediocre at best. What is so great about the actual writing on the show? I don't get it. And no I am not a Terrence Malick fan, lol. Thin Red Line was horrible and pretentious, although some of his shots and direction are interesting and cool I guess.
797	Greywolf2375	2012-04-27	I wanted to comment about the votes for extremely low scores on this episode. A score of 1 would be at least tied for the worst thing that someone has seen on television. I find that extremely reactionary, but can understand and appreciate someone being so upset the show didn't nail their vision that it is painful for them to watch...It is the scores of 2-3 range that make me chuckle. I just picture someone watching the show in agony telling themselves how much they hate it, but then getting really exited for 20 seconds when they show the one particular thing they don't have a problem with, and then go back to scowling when it is over.Not necessarily - it could be that someone judged it a 1 because they think the production was the worst possible adaption of what material was available.  I could just as easily say anyone that judges it a 10 isn't really watching because nothing is perfect - even though a 10 doesn't necessarily mean it was a perfect episode.Still have voted yet...between a 6 & a 7 - what they did well, they did very well, what I think they whiffed on, they whiffed huge.  And to the extent they whiffed, those are having more impact than what they did well - partially because of the scene itself, partially because of what could have been.
798	gogorath	2012-04-27	I am probably more critical of films and TV than most people are. I would say shows like Sopranos, Twin Peaks and The Wire blow away the writing that we've seen so far from the HBO GoT. Other shows that aren't dramas - Seinfeld, The Office (BBC version). I don't think there are very many really good TV shows, but that doesn't magically make the writing on the GoT adaptation better just because there aren't a lot of other really well written TV shows out there.I already posted this last year, but I think my expectations were simply too high after I saw that HBO was adapting the show and one of the writers actually said something along the lines of envisioning the show like a medieval Sopranos, which is EXACTLY how I view the books to a certain extent. But the writing isn't even in the same ballpark as the Sopranos. And it's not like the writers don't have source material to draw from. I understand time and budget constraints, but that's not really the problem, IMO, the writing is simply lacking in subtly, it's middle of the road, overly safe, characterization is lacking in places, dialogue pales in comparison to the dialogue from the book. It's like the writers (or HBO) are trying to adapt the books more to how other modern shows because they are afraid the show won't be well received otherwise, which sucks, IMO.As far as critics raving about it, I'm not saying the show is bad, not at all, but it's pretty irrelevant to me that critics think the show is better than most shows on TV when most shows on TV are mediocre at best. What is so great about the actual writing on the show? I don't get it.And no I am not a Terrence Malick fan, lol. Thin Red Line was horrible and pretentious, although some of his shots and direction are interesting and cool I guess.Thanks for taking my post as it was intended -- an honest question.  Malick is an acquired taste.  I can understand not liking him, but I thought Thin Red Line was fantastic. My point about the critics is this:  if you divide up people who love the show and the writing in particular, on one side you have professional tv critics and a vast majority of the non-book-reading watchers, as well as at least half of the book-readers, though I have nothing scientific on the last point. On the side of people who think the writing is poor, we've got a significant portion of book readers.  And of the people who think the writing is poor, it's almost ALL book readers. So, here's my hypothesis:  the primary driver of discontent with the writing is comparison to the source material.I can't ever prove.  But all the evidence points me there.  You list quality shows as better:  The Wire, The Sopranos, and Twin Peaks (I assume you mean the first season before it all sort of fell apart).  I put The Wire above all, but the Sopranos?  It had its struggles in terms of continuity and flow.  And Twin Peaks lasted like a season and a half.  I love Deadwood and Rome, but the latter had slow parts (you need to finish season one to fall in love and then...accelerated and in former, the second season felt aimless at times).But you know what all of those have in common, aside from the general historic outline of Rome?  No published source material.  There's nothing for hypercritical people to latch onto.  This is why I asked for a better adaptation.The writers have tried to keep the tv show as faithful to the book as possible.  Anyone else would have cut 2/3 of the characters and half of the storylines.  The result is something complex that is sometimes tough to handle all the flow and exposition.  But they've done a great job.  The Sopranos didn't have six or seven families to fight with.  And David Chase didn't have to deal with people bitching about the choice of fruit or that Andrea wasn't hot enough or that they changed Carmela's character too much or that they've marginalized Silvio.As for your particular complaints, I do think there is time things have been overly explicit.  Part of that is dealing with complexity in a short time span.  Some of it is watchers just not getting it.  Littlefinger's discussion with Margaery -- where she basically says, "I care about being the queen, not about Renly" -- was subtle and half the book readers are bitching about it being unnecessary.  Sansa's scene with Cersei and Shae two episodes ago was brilliantly subtle, and again, people complained because they saw a deviation, not a subtlety.I think there's plenty of fantastic writing and directing.  It's not perfect and never will be.  But having a reference point of expectations makes any deviation noticeable.  The non-book readers don't seem to have this issue.When any of my non-book reading friends -- and I've talked over ten of my friends and family into watching -- start to complain about the writing, I'll start to chalk up the complaints as legitimate.  But I the genesis of most complaints is comparison and expectations.-------------------------As an aside, scenes written mostly by the writers from the last two eps that I've loved the writing:All the new Greyjoy scenes, especially Theon confronting his father.All the Margaery scenes -- especially in the bedroom with Renly.  Just awesome.I really liked the writing with Davos and Stannis on the boat and the shadowbaby scene.I didn't like all the dialog, but I loved Jeyne's questioning of Robb of just how he sees the endgame. "There's no cure for bein' a cunt."
799	gogorath	2012-04-27	Not necessarily - it could be that someone judged it a 1 because they think the production was the worst possible adaption of what material was available.  I could just as easily say anyone that judges it a 10 isn't really watching because nothing is perfect - even though a 10 doesn't necessarily mean it was a perfect episode.Still have voted yet...between a 6 & a 7 - what they did well, they did very well, what I think they whiffed on, they whiffed huge.  And to the extent they whiffed, those are having more impact than what they did well - partially because of the scene itself, partially because of what could have been.If someone thinks this was the worst possible adaptation... they've really avoided adaptations, haven't they?
800	legba11	2012-04-27	I voted 8, though after watching it a couple of more times, I think it was a better episode than I gave it credit for.  The torture porn scene was still excessive and the Tyrion/Lancel scene still falls flat (IMO).  But I did not give enough credit to the rest of the episode.  
The Baretheon summit, Tywin to the Rescue, Tyrion to the Rescue and the Shadow Baby scenes were all 10/10 scenes. (I was wrong about Shadow Baby looking cheap on a second viewing)
801	boojam	2012-04-28	I already posted this last year, but I think my expectations were simply too high after I saw that HBO was adapting the show and one of the writers actually said something along the lines of envisioning the show like a medieval Sopranos, which is EXACTLY how I view the books to a certain extent.That like saying the Sopranos is a modern version of the Borgia saga.Or the Sopranos is a modern version of the first century BCE Roman civil wars.
802	SFA-OK	2012-04-28	That like saying the Sopranos is a modern version of the Borgia saga.Or the Sopranos is a modern version of the first century BCE Roman civil wars.Nevermind, I don't even know what the Borgia saga is! lol.
					
					
							Edited by SFA-OK, 28 April 2012 - 12:12 PM.
803	SFA-OK	2012-04-28	gograth, I think you're putting too much stock into what "professional TV critics" think of the show. Most TV is pretty bad, I think you'd agree there. So what are these critics comparing the show to? Mostly bad shows. GoT isn't a bad show and it has pretty good production values, the content is an epic story, etc. Most critics were never going to give the show a negative review unless HBO really dropped the ball on it and did something horrible with it.
And I'm not sure that your hypothesis is correct, could be, but definitely isn't the case with me. I've been accused of being a "book purist" on here but it simply isn't true and I think some people use that label on here when they don't like to hear criticisms of the show. I've only read the books once and don't remember some of the details. It seems that you are implying the writing on the GoT TV writing is on par or better than the Sopranos which I couldn't disagree more with. 
It simply comes down to this for me - The show, thus far, just isn't that entertaining or interesting, regardless of source material or comparisons to it. And the reasons for it - The writing, the writing, the writing, the pacing and direction (constant ADD jumping from scene to scene, etc.). Some of the casting and acting have been great though. But I stated last year that if I HADN'T read the books I would've stopped watching it already, the show is that middle of the road and mediocre in a lot of ways. But again, some fans are loving it which is cool.
804	Dragon greyscale	2012-04-28	It seems that you are implying the writing on the GoT TV writing is on par or better than the Sopranos which I couldn't disagree more with. Thank you! GoT is not in the same league as the Sopranos (or as has been mentioned earlier The Wire and the office UK. I would add a show like Mad Men as well) GoT is epic, sensationalist, eventful and plot-oriented. The other shows have much more layers. That is what I call extremely good writing. GoT is just very huge in scale but that doesn't make it equal to the Sopranos(supposedly because  both have many characters). The Sopranos was awesome because it combines the gangster genre with a psychological family drama and it succeeds in both. It might hurt to hear this but GoT is still very much a common medieval/fantasy drama with some political intrigue.  Not a unique angle to be honest. I have yet to find an in depth backstory to one of the character.That doesn't mean its not entertaining. It's hugely entertaining.
805	gogorath	2012-04-28	gograth, I think you're putting too much stock into what "professional TV critics" think of the show. Most TV is pretty bad, I think you'd agree there. So what are these critics comparing the show to? Mostly bad shows. GoT isn't a bad show and it has pretty good production values, the content is an epic story, etc. Most critics were never going to give the show a negative review unless HBO really dropped the ball on it and did something horrible with it.And I'm not sure that your hypothesis is correct, could be, but definitely isn't the case with me. I've been accused of being a "book purist" on here but it simply isn't true and I think some people use that label on here when they don't like to hear criticisms of the show. I've only read the books once and don't remember some of the details. It seems that you are implying the writing on the GoT TV writing is on par or better than the Sopranos which I couldn't disagree more with.It simply comes down to this for me - The show, thus far, just isn't that entertaining or interesting, regardless of source material or comparisons to it. And the reasons for it - The writing, the writing, the writing, the pacing and direction (constant ADD jumping from scene to scene, etc.). Some of the casting and acting have been great though. But I stated last year that if I HADN'T read the books I would've stopped watching it already, the show is that middle of the road and mediocre in a lot of ways. But again, some fans are loving it which is cool.I'm not sure I'm communicating my argument very well, or maybe we're just never going to see eye to eye.  I just simply haven't seen a single person who hasn't read the books who didn't like the writing, etc.  I have yet to see a suggestion of better writing of an adaptation.So I think my hypothesis has a lot of evidence behind it.  You don't have to be a book purist to downgrade something because of known comparison.  But I don't think we're ever going to agree on it.  I would like to see you provide an adaptation you think that has been done significantly better -- I mean, if GOT is so poorly done, there's got to be better ones, right?As for the Sopranos, I enjoyed it, but let's not make it more than it was.  It was nice, highly repetitive, and frankly the "psychological family drama" aspect of it referenced by another poster was never very interesting to me.  Frankly, both kids were shallow and the show did seven seasons of junxtaposing Tony's soft side with brutal violence.  Over and over.If you don't see anything deeper in GOT, I'd suggest you look deeper.  Maybe it's not your angle, but the thematics on power, abuse of power, the necessities of ruling are all things that interest me.  There's direct analogues to modern politics -- there's no doubt that Martin's view that Ned Stark could never survive comes from his views of modern politics and the simple fact that someone playing at that level of power never has their hands clean.  (And when we get to book five... Dany as an occupying force -- wonder what could have influenced how that turned out?)Anyway, there's 9,000 movies and tv shows a year that cover dysfunctional, unhappy, suburban families.  Sopranos was a great show, but it had its share of poor pacing (there were whole seasons that might have been unnecessary).  I don't even know if I'd say Game of Thrones is better (and The Wire is still the best show I've ever seen), but I don't think these are nearly as separate as people would make them out.GOT is dealing with a lot of things that the Sopranos never had to.  Two of the biggest are scale -- Sopranos is nowhere near the scale of GOT.  The other is a necessary comparison to source material.  The Wire had the scale of GOT in terms of characters, but not plotlines.  But even so, they didn't have to deal with concerns about people complaining that a character was marginalized for time or simplicity.  D&D have a much harder job than the rest of these writers did in a lot of ways.I don't really have any problem with people listing three to five of the best shows of all time as superior in writing, etc.  I guess I haven't really seen any legitimate criticism to say the work is significantly worse, as you seem to be placing it.  But maybe I'm misunderstanding you.
806	lyvyathan	2012-04-29	I was more than a little disappointed by the actors who was playing Lancet and the Mountain who rides - and Mel's birthing of the Shadow Monster was to mho rather b-grade - even the actor who played Davos - his reaction to it seemed off.
But I really liked the actor who played Tywin- he carried the day in my book.
The physical chastisement of Sansa could also have been done better- nothing wrong with (the actress playing Sansa). But it really should have been more vicious.
And did we really have to have a scene with Joff and the sex-workers?? This tit-n-ass subplots are taking up too much valuable screentime.
807	Dunnii	2012-04-29	I don't post often, but I was so disappointed and dismayed at that Joffrey scene that I wanted to turn off the show. this show got me interested in the books and I've read them all and love this story. But that scene was ridiculous, imo. 
I want to believe they added it for the story, but if felt more like shock TV and that isn't what I bought HBO for. I actually only have HBO for this show and I wanted to cancel.
I've been reading and I know a lot of you view this scene differently, but I'm not sure anything to come later will be able to erase the sick feeling I had watching it. Didn't the audience already hate Joffrey? I cannot see how it was necessary.
808	James Arryn	2012-04-29	As for the Sopranos, I enjoyed it, but let's not make it more than it was.  It was nice, highly repetitive, and frankly the "psychological family drama" aspect of it referenced by another poster was never very interesting to me.  Frankly, both kids were shallow and the show did seven seasons of junxtaposing Tony's soft side with brutal violence.  Over and over.Agreed.Originally got hooked, but it got stale pretty quick. As you say, became extremely repetitive. I'd put it well behind Deadwood and Rome, for example.(And GOT reminds me more of these 2 than Sopranos anyways.)
					
					
							Edited by James Arryn, 29 April 2012 - 02:12 PM.
809	SFA-OK	2012-04-29	gogorath, I think we just have different taste, you're a big Malick fan apparently, I am not, I think the Sopranos is easily one of the greatest shows on TV, you apparently do not. 
In a way, I think you are misunderstanding me. I never said the GoT show was bad or "done so poorly", just that it's average or mediocre in a lot of ways. And that kind of show is not what I was hoping for when I heard HBO was doing the adaptation. I'm not sure how it's relevant if there have or haven't been other better adaptions on TV or the movies. 
I never said I didn't think the Martin books weren't deep on some levels, I've specifically been talking about the show. 
As far as legitimate criticism goes I guess I could go through an episode and specifically critique what I didn't like in the direction, pacing and writing but who would care? It's just my opinion.
810	Voshed	2012-05-06	Far too much gore and violence.Also that bit with Joffrey and the prostitutes, was that really necessary? It wasn't even in the books from what i remember. Most people already hate or dislike him. No can't remember that in book either, however it did serve to highten viewers, who haven't read the books, just what a psycho he is. Having read all the books, I think you'll find there's A LOT more gore and violence to come /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
811	Voshed	2012-05-06	Agreed.Originally got hooked, but it got stale pretty quick. As you say, became extremely repetitive.I'd put it well behind Deadwood and Rome, for example.(And GOT reminds me more of these 2 than Sopranos anyways.) Got to agree. I think the initial shock value of The Sopranos soon wained while Deadwood, and Rome always seemed to be moving forward with the story while keeping viewers on the edge of their seats.
812	tripleseq	2012-05-19	Tyrion: "We've had vicious kings, and we've had idiot kings...but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!"
Joffrey: "You, you can't!"
Tyrion: "I can, I am!"
Joffrey: "They attacked ME!"
Tyrion: "They threw a cowpie at you! So you decide to kill them all?! They're starving, you fool! All because of a war you started!"
Joffrey: "You're talking to a king!"
[Tyrion slaps Joffrey across the face, sending him sprawling]
Tyrion: "And now I've struck a king! Did my hand fall from my wrist?!" 
Vanessa Taylor Rocks.
					
					
							Edited by tripleseq, 19 May 2012 - 12:14 AM.
813	rmholt	2012-07-20	Improved on rewatching-and I could buzz through the ick.
814	Queen of Whores	2012-10-22	Gave it an 8.
Pros:
Tyrion saving Sansa in the Red Keep
Tywin turning up in Harrenhal
Joffrey being sociopathic with the whores
Harrenhal's look
Stannis and Renly parley
Shadow birth scene
Roose Bolton being introduced
Tyrion and Lancel
Cons:
Daenerys outside Quarth
Robb and Talisa
815	Ran	2012-04-22	Non-spoiler discussion of the show goes here, for those who've not read the books or those who have but are happy to not actually reference them at all in discussion, taking each episode as it comes.
This topic should open automatically when the show begins airing.
816	justashadow	2012-04-22	Wow, that blew my mind a bit...will have to rewatch it again.
Joffrey is an idiot....wait till Littlefinger finds out. He is really off his rocker.
Loved the Grey Wind scene...neat start to the show.
Poor Sansa, she is really being humilated but loved Tyrion's entrance...did you see the horror on his face though.
Stannis/Renly scene....nothing is going to be solved there.  I loved Margery Tyrell's comeback at Littlefinger...good woman!!!
I'm glad to see Cat tell Littlefinger off....he deserves it. I loved how he tried to tell Cat they could be together..like that would happen.....but then lies to her after. They only have Sansa not Arya.
The Harrenhal...wow...how vicous was that guy...Arya is so lucky Tywin saved her and the other prisoners there too.
Dany, finally got somewhere...but what's to say what will happen in the city.
The ghost scene was freaky.....no words to describe it....Davos was sure freaky.
The episode left me wanting more.....can't wait until next week...the build up is getting there.
					
					
							Edited by nightshadow, 23 April 2012 - 12:13 AM.
817	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	Am I imagining things or what - Sandor's white cloak wasn't exactly the snowy white always described in the books.  I mean, they're supposed to be dressed with white cloaks, not greyish-beigeish cloaks.
818	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	Dogs like to play in dirt /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
819	Lady Stormheart	2012-04-23	Warging scene.. 
Melisandre's shadow baby birthing scene.
Joff and Robbs taste in sexy time.
820	vinnie1912	2012-04-23	Am I imagining things or what - Sandor's white cloak wasn't exactly the snowy white always described in the books.  I mean, they're supposed to be dressed with white cloaks, not greyish-beigeish cloaks.Why are you bringing up something that was established over a season ago?  Is there some critical plot point I'm missing?My guess is that having them in pure white made them look comical.  Just like have jet black skulls in a dark cellar works in the books but not on camera.
821	vinnie1912	2012-04-23	The episode left me wanting more.....can't wait until next week...the build up is getting there.The whole season has to be honest.   They had 60 million to make this season and i cant believe we have seen much of it on screen.  Hope that means the second half of the season will be epic.
822	Makea	2012-04-23	Margery.....smart girl!Finally Cat stands up and confronts Littlefinger.Yet another wonderfully genius and amusing scene with Tyrion. This character is really growing on me!And the tip of the iceberg: the birth scene. 
					
					
							Edited by Makea, 23 April 2012 - 01:26 PM.
823	ICE CROW	2012-04-23	Without doubt best episode of the season in my mind, that is saying alot considering we saw nothing of the North or beyond the Wall which are my favourite story lines from the books.
I really am starting to hate seeing Ros everywhere, but the scene in Joffreys chambers did what it needed to do which was to show how evil that little shit is.
Only disappointment with the episode and the whole season so far is the lack of interaction with the Hound and Sansa, i mean we saw the hound throw her a quick glance and she was being beaten by Ser Meryn and he did give her his white cloak like in the book, but it didn't have half as much power as it did in the book. They only have 4 episodes before Blackwater, if they don't give the Hound and Sansa so more interactions with each other before then i fear they will be destroying one of the best sub plots in the series.
With that said amazing Episode, best so far.
					
					
							Edited by ICE CROW, 23 April 2012 - 03:21 PM.
824	King Doug	2012-04-23	Pretty cool episode, so far the best of the season. Amazed that it made me forget about Jon getting caught be Craster because the episode was already good enough. Only disappointment was depiction of Harrenhal, that's not how I pictured it at all after reading the books.
825	AshleyNicole	2012-04-23	So, not a plot point or anything, but could somebody explain the torture at Harrenhal? They put a rat in a bucket strapped to the chest and heat it up with fire? What?
Loved Tyrion's saving of Sansa and Catelyn finally getting to tell off Littlefinger, it's about time. And Renly asking if Stannis was a ham after Melisandre says he was "born amidst ash and salt."
826	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	So, not a plot point or anything, but could somebody explain the torture at Harrenhal? They put a rat in a bucket strapped to the chest and heat it up with fire? What?Loved Tyrion's saving of Sansa and Catelyn finally getting to tell off Littlefinger, it's about time. And Renly asking if Stannis was a ham after Melisandre says he was "born amidst ash and salt."Yes, then the rat, to escape the heat starts clawing it's way through the  victim's stomach.
827	Lady Lilac	2012-04-23	One thing I found interesting: Harrenhall is the first location on the map to not move at all. Is it because they wanted to keep the idea of "this place is old and creepy and might fall apart at any second?"
					
					
							Edited by Lady Lilac, 23 April 2012 - 04:45 PM.
828	olibar	2012-04-23	They had 60 million to make this season and i cant believe we have seen much of it on screen.  Hope that means the second half of the season will be epic.Keep in mind that $60m will be spent to produce 1 HOUR of The Hobbit.  I think GOT does an amazing job realizing the world with the budget it has, and I'm thankful that they choose to go quality over quantity with the effects work.  For example by not showing Danys dragons outside Qarth, they had some extra money to make the Mellisandre's Shadow realy look incredible.
					
					
							Edited by olibar, 23 April 2012 - 05:28 PM.
829	justashadow	2012-04-23	I can see why Tyrion came back to Kings Landing to give Cersei a hard time after being accused of trying to murdering Bran.
It was actually kind of him though, to send Ned's bones to Cat...sort of an apology about what happened. I hope she learns the truth about what happened.
I guess the Lannisters have Harrenhal (I haven't read book #2). I'm trying to figure out who was who there.
830	justashadow	2012-04-23	The whole season has to be honest.   They had 60 million to make this season and i cant believe we have seen much of it on screen.  Hope that means the second half of the season will be epic.me too!I can't imagine writing 5 or more pages of a scene, converting into 5-7 min of screen time that took 1-3 days to shoot depending on what kind of scene it is.
831	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-24	Am I imagining things or what - Sandor's white cloak wasn't exactly the snowy white always described in the books.  I mean, they're supposed to be dressed with white cloaks, not greyish-beigeish cloaks.As you've mentioned the books, I hope the mods don't shout if I answer you /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  I actually re-read that very scene about a week ago and it does say how grubby his cloak was.
832	justashadow	2012-04-25	Who was the guy at Harrenhal asking about the brotherhood...I've watched it several times and they didn't mention his name...he is just an unknown or perhaps he'll be in the next episode?
833	King Doug	2012-04-25	Who was the guy at Harrenhal asking about the brotherhood...I've watched it several times and they didn't mention his name...he is just an unknown or perhaps he'll be in the next episode?He's 'The Tickler.' One of Gregor Clegane's men that is supposed to be good at 'extracting information.'
834	justashadow	2012-04-25	He's 'The Tickler.' One of Gregor Clegane's men that is supposed to be good at 'extracting information.'Thank you....I must have missed it!
835	Breadbutt	2012-04-30	any idea who did the score for this episode or what the piece was called? I'm talking about that ominous music that was played at various points in the episode, but notably at the closing scene and while the credits were rolling.
so fantastic.
836	teemo	2012-04-22	Okay, so who is this Talisa girl from Volantis?  It seemed like there was a little "spark" there between them, and she kind of looks like the girl that Robb was making out with in the promos.  Is this the romance that Robb gets involved with? Thoughts, opinions?  Is it simply Jeyne pretending to be someone else?
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 22 April 2012 - 09:55 PM.
837	CladInShadows	2012-04-22	She is Jeyne.
838	Ckrisz	2012-04-22	I think she's a likely Jeyne Westerling replacement. A sort of mystifying replacement, unless the producers think the whole Spicer/Westerling treachery subplot is too difficult for TV viewers to understand?
839	Iron Captain	2012-04-22	I think she's Jeyne, but didn't want to name herself.
840	BondJamesBond	2012-04-22	Hopefully, she is Jane but choosing to remain mysterious for the time being.
841	teemo	2012-04-22	Hopefully, she is Jane but choosing to remain mysterious for the time being.Agreed...I'm going to be disappointed if they wipe the whole Westerling betrayal storyline.
842	Aoife	2012-04-22	It's Jeyne, but she gave Robb a fake identity. The press info and so on all have the actress listed as Jeyne.
843	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-22	It's Jeyne, but she gave Robb a fake identity. The press info and so on all have the actress listed as Jeyne.Nice info, no need to curse at HBO.
844	dtones520	2012-04-22	It's Jeyne, but she gave Robb a fake identity. The press info and so on all have the actress listed as Jeyne.I can't believe that was really that hard for people to figure out.
845	teemo	2012-04-22	Great!  Glad to know that.  I was worried because I remember GRRM being very ambiguous about the girl Robb got involved with, and wouldn't even use the name Jeyne IIRC.
846	Iron Captain	2012-04-22	Well she did say "your people aren't my people" or something like that.  I suppose it could mean that she was completely neutral, but I took it to mean (to be fair, thinking she was Jeyne beforehand) that she was a Westerner.  IF that was the case, being from Volantis wouldn't make much sense.
847	Howdyphillip	2012-04-22	I thought that i read a rumor that the show has changed her name to Jeyne Lannister so as not to have to explain the relationship between the Westerlings and the Lannisters. I am absolutely positive that this is the character, and I really liked her.
848	jsjoslin18	2012-04-22	well is it jeyne westerling or jeyne lannister? she didn't look like a lannister, i wouldn't mind the twist, also it looks like they are combining the shadow babies into one event.
849	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-22	I can't believe that was really that hard for people to figure out. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
850	Caro99	2012-04-22	wow, didn't see talisa nor volantis coming into the story! i had my misgivings about oona playing jeyne since i thought she was going to play a westerling- minor root of the lannisters, though i had already resigned myself to have her being bold and not afraid to open her mind, unlike thejeyne from the books... but after watching oona i must say that i regret what i said above, i did like the thing going on between her and robb, & i liked that she is from volantis. she is not the jeyne from the books, so i won't judge her by those standards. but being from volantis does make me wonder about some things:
	Spoiler she seems to be alone, so if her mother isn't with her, how will robb and talisa fail to produce an heir? (if the show changes this and they do end up with an heir, i'm still not sure what to make of it)... and the first thing i thought when she said volantis was of one of the sand snakes. i remember shae being thought of as one of oberyn's daughters, but that isn't happening anymore.. and i hope that talisa isn't one either. but it was clever of them to have her being from volantis when in the books we don't really get to know anyone from there, apart from the red priest on vicatarion's ship and the innkeeper of the place where jorah and tyrion sleep, so... but i think that jeyne is high-born, so can't wait to see what they make of her background. they have a clean slate to do so, i guess. but it will be heart-wrenching to see the RW even more now that we'll have robb grow up and fall in love
851	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-22	The second I saw Robb glance at her, I figured she had to be Jeyne. The show couldn't focus on some random aid person like that. The length of the scene underlined that. I also think the whole bit about being from Volantis is a lie.
852	Oberyn King	2012-04-22	Yeah, Jayne Westerling. And I don't think they'll call her Jayne Lannister, Robb would never marry a Lannister. Besides, that could mean the end of the whole war between them.
853	Frumpus	2012-04-23	She's probably a distant cousin so I don't think it matters if Robb marries her.
854	Magjee	2012-04-23	Jeyne Westerling - Not sure if theyre creating a new character or she was hiding her name.
855	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	She could be from  "House Lannister of Lannisport" (ie: a minor cadet branch).
856	templar7	2012-04-23	I think she's a likely Jeyne Westerling replacement. A sort of mystifying replacement, unless the producers think the whole Spicer/Westerling treachery subplot is too difficult for TV viewers to understand?from everything i have read, she is essentially the same character with a different name.
857	DirtyRobes	2012-04-23	Might be considered a spoiler
	Spoiler Its possible shes keeping her "true" identity from The King in the North as House Westerling in sworn to House Lannister, I really hope she isnt really some random girl from Voltanis. She also seemed to know a lot about the young man from Lannisport, which is likely as a Westerling, though she hasn't said how long she has been in Westeros.

					
					
							Edited by DirtyRobes, 23 April 2012 - 03:40 AM.
858	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	She may just be a random girl Robb falls for and sleeps with that he then marries. They may drop the Lannister bannerman treachery subplot and just have her be a girl he falls in love with and leaves for the Frey's. I think it would be harder for the Frey's to stomach losing  out to a random foreigner.
859	sennahoj	2012-04-23	She may just be a random girl Robb falls for and sleeps with that he then marries. They may drop the Lannister bannerman treachery subplot and just have her be a girl he falls in love with and leaves for the Frey's. I think it would be harder for the Frey's to stomach losing  out to a random foreigner.I don't believe she'll turn out to be a commoner or a foreigner. Marriage alliances and dynastic succession are such a major element of the books, and also necessarily (though maybe less so) of the show. It would be a bit far fetched IMO if King Robb stooped to marrying a common girl. He cannot be that stupid. Marrying the daughter of a Lannister bannerman is enough insult to the Freys, since the important part of that is the breaking of the marriage contract.I suspect Jeyne might have been on the battlefield as a healer, because she might be part of a religious order or something (on the show I mean), but she didn't want to give her identity away. But since on her mother's side she descends from a maegi from the east, the part about being from Volantis might have a grain of truth to it.
860	The Black Wolf	2012-04-23	I assumed she was Jeyne from the moment she appeared on screen, but I must say the character is nothing like the Jeyne I had in my mind. I'm not talking about her physical appearance, that isn't really important to me. IIRC Jeyne seemed like the typical pretty and sweet lady, much like Sansa in the beginning of the series... I never imagined her sawing someones leg off on a battlefield! This Jeyne sure doesn't seem very likely to be afraid of Grey Wind like the one in the books. Might be they've made the change to make her a stronger female character so that it will be easier to understand how Robb loses his head and breaks his promise to marry one of the Freys...?
861	Bride of Winter	2012-04-23	I assumed she was Jeyne from the moment she appeared on screen, but I must say the character is nothing like the Jeyne I had in my mind. I'm not talking about her physical appearance, that isn't really important to me. IIRC Jeyne seemed like the typical pretty and sweet lady, much like Sansa in the beginning of the series... I never imagined her sawing someones leg off on a battlefield! This Jeyne sure doesn't seem very likely to be afraid of Grey Wind like the one in the books. Might be they've made the change to make her a stronger female character so that it will be easier to understand how Robb loses his head and breaks his promise to marry one of the Freys...?I agree that she just seemed different. I guess I would like her more if she was anyone else, but I'm not sure how I feel about her being Jeyne Westerling. it's definitely a change from the series.
					
					
							Edited by Bride of Winter, 23 April 2012 - 07:10 AM.
862	Crown	2012-04-23	She has to be Jeyne Westerly, I'm wondering if she just gave up a fake identity or they just changed her character.
863	WinterWarrior	2012-04-23	I dont see that she is Jeyne. Why would she be helping the Silent Sisters? Even though she did not leave with them she was with them for the amputation and actually performed it. She seemed to have some connection to the Silent Sisters. I would be disappointed if that was Jeyne. The Westerling deception is too powerful to pass up, although it is another dark story and the series is already dark enough.
Whoever she is, the actress looks like how I always envisioned Asha Greyjoy.
864	Dracarya	2012-04-23	I dont see that she is Jeyne. Why would she be helping the Silent Sisters? Even though she did not leave with them she was with them for the amputation and actually performed it. She seemed to have some connection to the Silent Sisters. I would be disappointed if that was Jeyne. The Westerling deception is too powerful to pass up, although it is another dark story and the series is already dark enough.Whoever she is, the actress looks like how I always envisioned Asha Greyjoy.As someone pointed out upthread, the actress is listed as Jeyne. Her last name has not yet been revealed, I believe, but it's the same role as Jeyne Westerling. If they change her name to Lannister or something, well I think that's stupid, but less confusing for the viewers I guess. As for her connection to the Silent Sisters, she simply looked like a nurse.
	Spoiler I'm pretty sure she 'nursed' Robb back to health and that was how it happened and he ended up marrying her, so it's not too surprising they've given her a more obvious nursing role. Now if all goes to plan and she ends up nursing Robb later on, it'll be more believable. And I'm pretty sure that she's the same one we saw kissing Robb in the trailers. 

					
					
							Edited by Dracarya, 23 April 2012 - 07:56 AM.
865	Lany Cassandra	2012-04-23	I dont see that she is Jeyne. Why would she be helping the Silent Sisters? Even though she did not leave with them she was with them for the amputation and actually performed it. She seemed to have some connection to the Silent Sisters. I would be disappointed if that was Jeyne. The Westerling deception is too powerful to pass up, although it is another dark story and the series is already dark enough.Whoever she is, the actress looks like how I always envisioned Asha Greyjoy.Jeyne sleeps with Robb after HEALING him. They just set her up as a healer to make that less random when it happens.
866	The Black Wolf	2012-04-23	About Jeyne healing Robb in the books: I never took that as meaning that Jeyne was particularly skilled at healing or that she was used to doing it, but rather as a "look, our pretty daughter will take care of you... please don't kill us!" from the Westerlings (later tieing in to their whole betrayal plot). If you've seen the film The Other Boleyn Girl, Mary Boleyn helps nurse King Henry VIII back to health after a hunting accident (I think)... I always thought the Robb/Jeyne thing was a bit similar, which is why I never envisioned Jeyne as some bad-ass nurse...
867	Sheep the Evicted	2012-04-23	I can't believe that was really that hard for people to figure out.Yeah because its normal for us to expect the pretty, foreign-looking,  high-born daughter of a westerlands house to nurse random soldiers in the battlefield miles off from her family castle.
868	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-23	I don't necessarily have a problem with change in Jeyne Westerling's personality - I prefer the book character, but I'll accept a change of personality for the TV show - but I do have a problem with how she's introduced. The dialogue between her and Robb was pretty unrealistic and clumsily written, and IMO totally lacking in real chemistry of the Gendry/Arya kind. I suspect their relationship is going to build up like this now: Jeyne will keep up nagging him about the evil results of his war while Robb is impressed that she dares to disapprove of him. There will be lots of verbal sparring which won't exactly be demonstrations of rapier wit or crackling chemistry, until finally they end up sleeping together and the next morning Robb will be like, "ILU let's get married, besides my honor won't let me do anything else."
I always thought that the characterizations of Robb and Jon's ladies reflected their sisters. Robb is more like Sansa, and the girl he chose was a weaker, sweeter version of Sansa. Jon is more like Arya, and he chose a girl who was basically a poor man's Arya.
But it looks now that those parallels are off the table.
869	Perin Stone	2012-04-23	She is clearly the woman that Robb will marry.  With all of the changes they have made this season, I have no idea if she will be Jeyne Westerling or not.  I don't see that it really matters.
870	The Smiling Eye	2012-04-23	God I cringed so hard with the leg scene. Was painful and agonizing to watch, in a good way.
871	Lady Octarina	2012-04-23	I understood it was supposed to be Jeyne Westerling? Well, all I can say about it is that the actress was amazing, but that's not the silly girl Robb ruins his life for in the books. And that pisses me, for I don't like the character or Robb's storyline, so why try to make it enjoyable? But that's just my irrational opinion, period.
872	DirtyRobes	2012-04-23	I cant recall if we're told what battle Robb was actually hurt in, can anyone confirm this?
Lancel confirmed in this episode that is was Stafford Lannister's men that Robb attacked at the beginning, not sure if it was supposed to be Oxcross or
	Spoiler  if Stafford died
 
But I really hope that Robb does still get injured at some point and this (weird) meeting was just so they didn't have to introduce a new character while Robbs injured. I expect less dialogue and more eyefu**ing (and then of course Real Fu**ing, HBO wouldnt miss that). I'm guessing they playup whatever the injury is + The news it happens to coincide with = Lots of crying/nursing/fu**ing.
Please dont be from Voltanis, surely its not that hard to throw in a scene explaining why its such a crazy move for Robb too
	Spoiler  Betray the Freys(the worst people ever) & marry a vassal of House Lannister.
873	The Second Hand	2012-04-23	It seems logical that she's hiding her identity. That would be solid writing, but with some of the very iffy changes so far, it's hard to say. I think Robb's ultimate fate has less of an impact if she isn't Jeyne.
874	Sixshells	2012-04-23	The entire scene was painful to watch, badly written: the dialogue was more appropriate for a teen rom-com than for a fantasy epic.And if it is confirmed that she is indeed Jeyne, why, in the name of God, why? It make absolutely no sense that the daughter of a noble family in a world where women are chips for matrimonial alliances would even be allowed to roam battlefields on her own, false identity or not. Unless she has taken herself out of the "market" by joining a religious order. But not only does it not seem to be the case here, had Robb tried to sleep with and marry a nun the following shenanigans would have been of a very different nature, so that's out.
					
					
							Edited by Sixshells, 23 April 2012 - 01:01 PM.
875	ViennaGirl	2012-04-23	I agree they're setting her up as Dr. Jeyne, Medicine Woman, because that's how she and Robb meet. But yeah, totally random that a highborn maiden would be cruising around a battlefield sawing guys' legs off. Robb probably wouldn't even have spoken to her - she looks like (really, really hot) smallfolk.
876	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-23	If Talisa is indeed some girl from Volantis instead of Jane Westerling that gave fake name to Rob....it is stupid and unnecessary change but I don't mind it much for some reason.
A little would be lost from the story (how Tywin had his hands in it) but not too much.
877	Lord of Oop North	2012-04-23	Truly, anything that defies our preconceived notions of how a barely highborn daughter of a piss-poor noble house would act is completely illogical and has no place in the story.
878	Sixshells	2012-04-23	It's not that it has absolutely no place, it's that it is nonsensical at this point and it better have some good justification. Arya is a truly highborn daughter of a really important house, yet it's not so weird that she is going around disguised as a boy, because we know how she has come to this. But I can't wait to see how they will sell the idea that an ambitious family not yet directly touched by the conflict would let their daughter run around on a battlefield far from home.
Although they didn't bother explaining why Robb would feel so much the need to justify himself to a random woman giving assistance to the wounded, so they probably just roll with it and do as if the question didn't exist.
I'll give that to the scene: it was nice to have someone asking Robb about his endgame, and remind us he is getting carried by the events.
879	Mr. E	2012-04-23	It's not that it has absolutely no place, it's that it is nonsensical at this point and it better have some good justification. Arya is a truly highborn daughter of a really important house, yet it's not so weird that she is going around disguised as a boy, because we know how she has come to this. But I can't wait to see how they will sell the idea that an ambitious family not yet directly touched by the conflict would let their daughter run around on a battlefield far from home.But the Westerlings aren't an ambitious family. And as someone else said, they're barely even noble anymore. They're a failing branch of a line whose soul saving grace at this point is that they are old.Likewise, how far away from home is she? I'm pretty sure in ACOK the battle that the show was adapting took place near the Crag, right? Isn't Oxcross near the Crag?
880	Envie	2012-04-23	This Talisa character really confused me as well, but by the way they were looking at one another, I think she's supposed to be Jeyne, maybe another name change like Yara/Asha?
I have no idea why they keep changing names of side characters. I also don't understand why she's on the battlefield tending the wounded. In the books, she nursed Robb back to health after an injury which is when he fell in love with her. We had no details prior to that, so I'm guessing they decided to write this scene in to show how adept she is at being a field nurse?
881	isiman	2012-04-23	A walking cliche, the whole exchange about war was stupid.
882	Lady Lilac	2012-04-23	I'm not sure if I'm too happy with how she turned out. The actress is listed as Jeyne, so it's most likely the Jeyne, but her character still seems a bit off.  Is HBO trying to flesh her out more and make it seem like she was worth a kingdom, or what?
883	Blangadanger	2012-04-23	This was the only part of Episode 4 that I didn't really like. The two Lannister guys anticipating an attack had very little payoff because all we see is a flash of Grey Wind and then 30 seconds of darkness. The discussion with the nurse was odd and unexpected. As Robb was watching her leave, I suddenly thought, "could that really be Jeyne?" But I didn't see how it could be. The story didn't match, the name didn't match, and she neither looked nor acted like the character in the books. I'm hoping that if it is Jeyne (renamed or otherwise), this scene will make more sense in subsequent episodes, but for now, it seemed out of place and unnecessary.
I guess there's always a chance that HBO thinks its viewers can't grasp the concept of two characters having similar names and that they changed Jeyne Westerling to another name to avoid confusion with Jeyne Poole. That still doesn't explain the complete character makeover though. At least with Margaery or Yara (ugh), they are interpretations that make sense within the context of the show. The nurse has little in common with Jeyne from the books from what I've seen.
884	Reposado	2012-04-23	yeah before she said her name, i was like, if this is jeyne, they really botched it. one of the things i was excited about for this season  was getting into this relationship that was offscreen in the book. but she's wandering about the battlefield healing random dudes. Very movie-ish. very hacky.
885	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-23	Did anyone read the Richard Madden interview? I was beginning to think this Talisa gave a fake name as well, but Madden speaks of Oona Chaplin's role as if the name is truly Talisa...unless he's giving false info to protect the reveal.
886	Lord Godric	2012-04-23	It's Jeyne, but she gave Robb a fake identity. The press info and so on all have the actress listed as Jeyne.That is what I figured, but is she really from Volantis? Or was that a lie too? I liked the idea that the reason her last name wasn't given was because she was a Lannister (which fit with the "your men are not my men" bit), not because she's from Volantis.
887	dtones520	2012-04-23	Did anyone read the Richard Madden interview? I was beginning to think this Talisa gave a fake name as well, but Madden speaks of Oona Chaplin's role as if the name is truly Talisa...unless he's giving false info to protect the reveal.I'm thinking they are just trying to protect the reveal. There is an interview with Oona where she refers to the character as Jeyne, so who knows.
888	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-23	It was a badly written exchange. Commoners simply wouldn't talk to a King like that. Neither would a noble disguised as a commoner. We're supposed to believe a scion of House Stark, the King in the North, would spend the aftermath of a battle talking to lowly nurses and taking shit from them?
889	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-23	Did anyone think Robb should have flipped her a coin as she road off, like Theon did with Ros?
(null)
890	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-23	Truly, anything that defies our preconceived notions of how a barely highborn daughter of a piss-poor noble house would act is completely illogical and has no place in the story.This is a ridiculous distortion of what we're trying to say. Considering this is a story full of unconventional heroines, the book readers are going to be the last people to object to a female surgeon roaming battlefields with her knife and her political opinions. The point is that there's no legitimate reason for Jeyne Westerling to do so.But let's accept that she has a legit reason, for argument's sake - let's say the TV Lord Westerling is like Lord Tarth and lets his daughter do as she pleases, and her particular goal in life is to be a female maester, which is fine. It still doesn't excuse the ham-handed introduction - if Jeyne is going to be an openly female maester the way Brienne is an openly female knight, then why would Jeyne keep her identity hidden in Stefford Lannister's host? If she's so afraid of being caught, then why bother riding with an army?More importantly, how is she keeping her identity hidden when her father is one of Tywin's vassals? (Even if he's a relatively powerless vassal).And I could STILL forgive all of that if she didn't have the obnoxiously teen rom-com (as someone else pointed out) conversation with Robb. That whole conversation about war...gah. That was just such bad writing in so many ways.
891	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-24	I think this scene, though, served a double purpose and that the conversation about war was a more about Robb and less about Jeyne.
What I got from it is a good showing of how unprepared Robb is for this war and kind of bringing the character back down to Earth. He is still a kid really and doesn't exactly get the bigger scheme of things. He's riding around winning battles because "[they] need to win the war first," but he really has no idea about the bigger picture. Right now it seems like a lot of the viewers see him as that hero who can do no wrong: he's winning all his battle, not giving in to Roose's pressures to torture prisoners, etc. This moment is one of many I foresee coming this season where they attempt to show how naive Robb really is and how he's not perfect, climaxing in the moment where he marries Jeyne and screws his cause over.
It was a good juxtaposition. He won the battle but had no idea how to handle everything else that comes with war.
892	teemo	2012-04-24	Their exchange was definitely cliche, like something out of a bad movie.  And people are way more disrespectful to high nobility in the show than they are in the books.
893	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-24	I think they'll lose certain types of viewers if they keep avoiding actual battle scenes.  I understand there's a budget, blah blah blah, but I could do with less soft-core porn, less rats (that was a new one on me), less leg-sawing and exposed entrails prosthetics, and more hacking & slashing.
Yeah, Harrenhal looked like shit, but remember Tywin made a whole bunch of renovations in the book to get the place liveable.
894	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-24	When she left on the back of the cart and Robb made googly eyes after her, my thought was:
	Spoiler "And thus The Red Wedding is born."

Everyone in the media is giddy over the first real potential romance in the show. Little do they know
	Spoiler that it ends in the unimaginably worst way possible.

					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 24 April 2012 - 01:03 AM.
895	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-24	Call me a breathing cliche, but the scene between "Talisa" and Robb was one of my favs...okay, maybe my crush on Oona Chaplin plays a big role in that. I just think it's interesting that some are turned off by her exchange with Robb. Don't we like characters who defy convention? We love a character like Arya because she's wild and just doesn't care. However, here comes "Talisa," and without knowing anything about her background, it's not okay for her to vent during an extremely raw and stressful scenario -- the aftermath of an extremely bloody battle? It begs the question, if you feel your world has been turned upside down, and you have no order, does Courtly courtesy remain a priority? Especially if you're angry? Especially if you're addressing a "King" who isn't even recognized as a King by anyone other than Northerners, which "Talisa" is not.I say we wait for some background on this character. In understanding where she comes from, it might help us to understand why she could be so flippant.
896	Werthead	2012-04-24	The press info and so on all have the actress listed as Jeyne.They did but not any more. In fact, it sounds like the producers had not decided how to do the Jeyne/Robb storyline and cast Oona on the grounds she could play Jeyne or a replacement love interest if necessary. All the stuff about her playing 'Jeyne' comes from her initial casting before the start of filming.I see several possibilities for who she is:1) What she appears to be: a woman from Volantis who has come to Westeros and ended up as a doctor/healer. Robb chance-meets her, they fall in love, and he marries her, breaking his vow to the Freys because he's feared he might have fathered a bastard (and doesn't want to put any potential child through what Jon went through).2) She's really Jeyne Westerling, trading on her family background (in the novels, Jeyne's family on her mother's side is from the Free Cities) to create  a new identity for herself. She may have simply decided to help in the war effort, or she may have run away from home for some reason (escaping a terrible marriage match?) and gone undercover.3) She's really Jeyne Lannister. I count this as highly unlikely as Tywin would not let even a remote cadet branch of the family have members serving in minor roles on the battlefield. "Lannisters don't act like fools." I discount the possibility she could have been slipped into the Stark camp deliberately, as Oxcross was a surprise attack and the Lannisters had no way of knowing the Starks were coming.4) She's really Jeyne or Talisa Hill, a bastard daughter of House Lannister by a Volantene woman (maybe via one of Tywin's missing/dead brothers, with the timeline tweaked appropriately?). This is a more intriguing possibility as it explains how she might have an active role as a battlefield doctor without disgracing her family, and it explains how she's simultaneously from Volantis but knows a lot about the Westerlands.No matter the truth, there is a tantalising clue in the fact that:
	Spoiler An upcoming episode lists Jaime as being surprised to meet a family member. Presumably this isn't Alton, who has already met Jaime several times in the camp offscreen, so some have assumed that Jeyne/Talisa is a distant cousin and may play a role in his failed rescue (before Catelyn releases him properly).
897	ace	2012-04-24	My first thought was that it's Jeyne. Then I thought it doesn't make sense. And then she says her name so I was kind of relieved. Hope it isn't, though those looks Robb was giving her do worry me. He's not subtle at all.
Speaking of which, what's with him getting turned on by the sight of her sawing a man's leg off. Can't think of a less sexy sight.
898	White Raven	2012-04-24	I think there are already enough characters around to give non-book readers a hard time remembering them all and their names. To introduce a new character with a fake name is unnecessary. Why didn't they just call her "Jeyne Spicer"? Jeyne is a pretty common name in Westeros after all.
899	drigoly	2012-04-24	she is jeyne, you can see rob kissing her in one of the trailers for season 2, the question is what last name they will give her in the series, westerling, lannister or a volantenes...
900	Aoife	2012-04-24	They did but not any more.... more good info ...So I see. Most of the interviews, etc, still use Jeyne, but that must be a holdover, or an assumption about the character. She does have one quote that's a little ambiguous, but she could be talking about how others refer to her character, to -- it's something to the effect of "There have been a lot of questions about the Jeyne I play, but I can't clarify here."Interestingly enough, we know she does have a second name*, based on info in Ran & Linda's most recent interview with Richard Madden, but it's something he found very difficult to pronounce -- so (unless he's misdirecting everyone) it's unlikely to be Jeyne or Westerling. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />*Full second name, like Jeyne Westerling / Talisa the Volantene, or first name - second name like Talisa <something traditionally Volantene-sounding>? I figured more like the first, even if it's not a name we expect, but it will be interesting to see how it plays out.
901	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-24	It was not so important in the books exactly *who* Jeyne was, simply that Robb marrying her was humiliating to the Freys. Robb marrying a commoner, and a foreigner, would be *even more* humiliating to the Freys than a noble daughter of a minor house. So this makes it clearer to the viewer what he did wrong, and also makes him more sympathetic; marrying for love instead of a "suitable" girl. Jeyne Westerling would have been "suitable" if he hadn't been betrothed, even if not a very advantageous match. So this change (if it is a change) makes perfect sense.
902	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	I just can't see why exactly Robb would be attracted to her. She's pretty enough, sure, but the whole questioning his authority and his intelligence can't be THAT much of a turn-on for Robb that he'd abandon his duties. His initial attraction to Jeyne Westerling came off-page, we didn't really need to know the exact motives behind him falling for Jeyne, we just understood there was genuine affection between two young fools. I'm not getting that vibe between Robb and "Talisa". He's coming across as a bit of a tool.
903	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-24	I just can't see why exactly Robb would be attracted to her. She's pretty enough, sure,Jeyne Westerling in the books wasn't any more special. A pretty girl who loved him. That's all there was to it. Robb *was* a fool to risk his kingdom for her.
904	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	I don't particularly care who this character turns out to be in the end as long as the dialog becomes less painful. (Please don't start me on how the guy's leg would have had the TIME to get infected enough to start rotting.) It is clear that 'Talisa' is a Jeyne equivalent.
Are the writers trying to convince us that Robb breaking his promise to the Freys and marrying someone else is less of a dumb decision because the object of his affection is a strong female character? Because the girl has political opinions and can hack a leg off someone, it might make her a far more forgivable match for the TV viewers than Robb falling into the sweet book!Jeyne's vagenda Â©.
905	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-24	As much as I liked Richard Madden and Oona Chaplin's acting and chemistry ... I really hated the scene. I'm pretty sure Martin said in an interview how much he hated the scenario that this scene depicts: a common-born girl sassing a king. That would not have happened in reality, and it would not have happened in the books.
906	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	Yeah, I actually laughed throughout the whole scene since the whole setting seemed totally out-of-character for Robb, and the scene itself completely atypical for Westeros. Robb would not give a damn for the life of peasants, not his own, and most certainly not those in Lord Tywin's employ. Also, he did have a plan of sorts what to do after the war. He had declared himself King in the North. If nothing else, he would have fought against anyone threatening the sovereignty of his new kingdom.
And I'm also quite sure that Robb would have claimed the Iron Throne if Renly and Stannis had destroyed each other, and he had won the war against Tywin and taken King's Landing.
907	voodooqueen126	2012-04-24	Yeah, I actually laughed throughout the whole scene since the whole setting seemed totally out-of-character for Robb, and the scene itself completely atypical for Westeros. Robb would not give a damn for the life of peasants, not his own, and most certainly not those in Lord Tywin's employ. Also, he did have a plan of sorts what to do after the war. He had declared himself King in the North. If nothing else, he would have fought against anyone threatening the sovereignty of his new kingdom.And I'm also quite sure that Robb would have claimed the Iron Throne if Renly and Stannis had destroyed each other, and he had won the war against Tywin and taken King's Landing.God yes! Robb would be a completely stupid to marry some Volantene trollop...He was stupid to marry Jeyne Westerling, but he would be a retard to marry Talissa.Personally I think Robb secretly believed that the Freys were not likely to produce suitable queen material (remember that joke of Daven Lannisters), and found Jeyne Westerling's virtues (chastity, honour, compassion) inherently more appealing both in a wife and in a queen.Where as I can't see anybody finding some peasant who schizophrenically   questions the basis of ones society as attractive...
908	Silent Assassin	2012-04-24	if you happen to be Jeyne not know what you are doing there, because they are supposed to know when Robb besieges the castle, this story is out of the book, because in the book she is the daughter of one of the vassal of the Lannister, not to mention a healer or something
					
					
							Edited by Lord Angel, 24 April 2012 - 12:45 PM.
909	Envie	2012-04-24	I've carefully read all the posts and am still trying to logically reason out why they would go through the trouble of changing her name, her chracter and the entire story line of the Westerlings (or drop it entirely) and then still add a second character / plot that never happened in its place? This makes zero sense!They added Ros and other characters as 'plot devices' to help reveal some parts of the story not on screen that happened in the books. I'm fine with that.They changed names like Asha to Yara so people wouldn't be "confused" - ok whatever, I can live with that.They've cut out some characters who do not play major roles in the plot in numerous areas, and I'm ok with that, understanding budget and time constraints for that many to cast.But changing the entire character of who Robb Stark marries to some unknown woman? I just don't see how that helps the story or makes it more believable than what was actually written. Sure, the main focal point is that he betrays the promise made to Lord Frey as agreement for letting them cross the river, we all know that. But another important aspect of the story was that this girl was a Westerling, and a minor house under the Lannisters which complicated matters a LOT more than if he had just married some no name common girl from Volantis.I cannot believe they would think this is a smart plot change at all. I'm going to keep hoping they decided to change her name from Jeyne Westerling to Talisa Westerling.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 24 April 2012 - 12:44 PM.
910	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-24	Personally, I found book-Jeyne to be a twit, and for the life of me, I never saw what Robb saw in her. At her core, she was nothing more than a Robb fangirl. It always felt like, to me, Robb was more in love with Jeyne's unwavering support of him than Jeyne herself. I'd personally find this character Oona is playing much more attractive. She's strong -- she probably reminds him of his sister Arya -- and she has courage.
Why should Robb be an elitist douche, at least so far as being above conversations with lowly "peasants" -- if she even truly turns out to be a peasant. I imagine Ned taught him better than that. Arya certainly wasn't above playing with peasants...she seemed to prefer them. IMO, had GRRM wrote this scene, I don't feel as if there would be so much irritation with it. But, because the show wrote a scene where Robb mingled with an apparent lowborn, it goes against all etiquette.
An earlier poster brought up a good point. Richard Madden did mention a second name, which he couldn't pronounce -- I passed over it on my first read-thru and missed the importance. I can't imagine him having a hard time pronouncing "Jeyne," but it seems to confirm that Talisa will have another name.
911	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	In the book, Robb is caught in the honey trap. They arrange for him to be alone with a beautiful young girl, and then they leave him no choice. He can either marry Jeyne Westerling or dishonor her. And Robb is not the type to dishonor the beautiful maiden daughter of an ancient and noble house.
But the deciding factor why Robb Stark deflowered Jeyne Westerling apparently was the news about the alleged deaths of Bran and Rickon. He heard about it right after he had taken the Crag, and this left him vulnerable. That's why he let Jeyne 'comfort' him.
Robb Stark was not as stupid in the books to let some woman distract him from his duty. Had he not been hurt physically and emotionally, he would never have allowed 'love' to interfere with his duty. He was already betrothed to a woman.
In the series they will play this whole thing totally clichA©. The hero is going to meet his true love (perhaps a lowborn girl, perhaps a noble girl disguised as a lowborn girl, but anyway, she'll have a heart of gold, and all). If they end up changing the whole Jeyne-background as well (i.e. Tywin's intrigues to prevent Robb from fathering a legitimate heir) I really don't see what this is going to have to do with the story. Jeyne Westerling was poison, she was the very thing that destroyed Robb Stark and his kingdom. She was an unwitting pawn, of course, but nevertheless, Lady Sybelle and her brother are most likely the actual important characters here.
912	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-24	In the book, Robb is caught in the honey trap. They arrange for him to be alone with a beautiful young girl, and then they leave him no choice. He can either marry Jeyne Westerling or dishonor her. And Robb is not the type to dishonor the beautiful maiden daughter of an ancient and noble house.But the deciding factor why Robb Stark deflowered Jeyne Westerling apparently was the news about the alleged deaths of Bran and Rickon. He heard about it right after he had taken the Crag, and this left him vulnerable. That's why he let Jeyne 'comfort' him.Robb Stark was not as stupid in the books to let some woman distract him from his duty. Had he not been hurt physically and emotionally, he would never have allowed 'love' to interfere with his duty. He was already betrothed to a woman.But, the fact remains that he did act in a dishonorable way -- whether deflowering the virgin, or breaking a pact. He chose to rectify the former, which turned out to be the worst possible decision. The Westerlings were not a powerful House, and furthermore, they were Lannister bannermen. Robb's last concern should've been appeasing a smaller House in the Westerlands when he had the North to rule and alliances with his mother's Riverlands to foster. So, regardless of honor, Robb chose Jeyne because he wanted to choose Jeyne, IMO. At the end of the day, he chose the girl over the important alliance. It should've been no contest. If we're to take Jaime's description of Jeyne, she wasn't exactly the best trap to fall in, anyway -- a pretty girl, but nothing to lose a war over.In the series they will play this whole thing totally clichA©. The hero is going to meet his true love (perhaps a lowborn girl, perhaps a noble girl disguised as a lowborn girl, but anyway, she'll have a heart of gold, and all). If they end up changing the whole Jeyne-background as well (i.e. Tywin's intrigues to prevent Robb from fathering a legitimate heir) I really don't see what this is going to have to do with the story. Jeyne Westerling was poison, she was the very thing that destroyed Robb Stark and his kingdom. She was an unwitting pawn, of course, but nevertheless, Lady Sybelle and her brother are most likely the actual important characters here.This Robb and Talisa arc, IMO, is no more a cliche than Jon Snow with his forbidden Wildling. Ironically enough, Robb/Talisa (should she be who she claims) is almost like a remix of Jon/Ygritte. I guess my point is, it wasn't like the novels were immune to these types of arcs...so, somehow characterizing this arc as indicative of the sacrilegious nature of television is interesting to me. I guess my point is, it wasn't like the novels were immune to these types of arcs...so, somehow characterizing this arc as some bastardization of GRRM's writing is interesting to me.
					
					
							Edited by Bastard of Boston, 24 April 2012 - 01:21 PM.
913	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	Well, Jon and Ygritte are clichA© because of the whole 'forbidden love thing', but Robb and his girl are apparently going to bridge the class differences (or, if she is going to turn out to be a Lannister/western noble girl) the friend-foe-differences. But whereas Jon and Ygritte were always a tragic love destined to fail, they never were a formal relationship (i.e. marriage). Jon was in no position to reject Ygritte. Robb obviously is (and will be) in book and series.
Robb apparently only fell in love with Jeyne because he received the news about Bran and Rickon. Had that not happened, he might still have been attracted to her, but he would not have consummated the marriage. And I'm quite sure Sybelle arranged things and 'surprised' Robb and Jeyne while they had sex to force Robb to make a decision. They played him very well...
914	Ser Pink of Floyd	2012-04-24	Makes sense that she's Jeyne, Im fairly certain that in the books, Robb tells Cat that Jeyne nurses him from injuries he sustains in battle. I think they;ve just added a scene with an (unnamed) Jeyne meeting Robb, and showing that she's able in helping the injured and setting it up for a later scene when she's treating Robb (now knowing what he looks like)
915	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-24	I've carefully read all the posts and am still trying to logically reason out why they would go through the trouble of changing her name, her chracter and the entire story line of the Westerlings (or drop it entirely) and then still add a second character / plot that never happened in its place? This makes zero sense!I think she's meant to be "the voice of the people" - a female commoner that is neither a prostitute nor a maid. Which is not too out of place for the story, since there's a recurring theme that even the nicest nobles don't really give a crap about the peasants. She's there to rub into Robb's face the fact that he's exchanging the life and health of thousands of commoners for the honour of his house and the life of his sisters.
916	Lord Over	2012-04-24	Really hated the dialogue, partly because I hate this type of speech pattern
"How are you?" 
"How do you think I am?"
"it's going to be a beautiful day."
"it's always a beautiful day..."
"err...okay....I'd like for us to go out sometime."
"Yes,  you would like for us to go out sometime."
"Yeah, okay, I'm done."
"You ARE done."
Apologies, but that's the closest example I can make. Words fail me, it's sort of like jousting if you know what I mean. Really stilted conversation that basically slows things to a crawl.
917	Davos55	2012-04-24	If she does turn out to be "Talisa" or whoever, and not Jeyne Westerling, I don't like the future ramifications it has in the story. Tywin's involvement with the RW, the Spicers, Jeyne possibly being pregnant and her futur role in the series..all eliminated or altered significantly. It is too soon to tell, but I don't like the idea as of yet. 
Plus I thought the conversation had very weak and cliche' writing. I rolled my eyes at it. Also there is no way Roose Bolton would let this nurse talk back to him.
Overall, not impressed.
918	Mauvka	2012-04-24	Yeah, I actually laughed throughout the whole scene since the whole setting seemed totally out-of-character for Robb, and the scene itself completely atypical for Westeros. Robb would not give a damn for the life of peasants, not his own, and most certainly not those in Lord Tywin's employ. Also, he did have a plan of sorts what to do after the war. He had declared himself King in the North. If nothing else, he would have fought against anyone threatening the sovereignty of his new kingdom.And I'm also quite sure that Robb would have claimed the Iron Throne if Renly and Stannis had destroyed each other, and he had won the war against Tywin and taken King's Landing.It's actually not so out-of-character as that.  The Lannisters do not give a damn about the life of peasants, but Eddard Stark instilled a different ethos in his household:Her father used to say that a lord needed to eat with his men, if he hoped to keep them. "Know the men who follow you," she heard him tell Robb once, "and let them know you. Don't ask your men to die for a stranger." At Winterfell, he always had an extra seat set at his own table, and every day a different man would be asked to join him.  One night it would be Vayon Poole, and the talk would be coppers and bread stores and servants.  The next time it would be Mikken, and her father would listen to him go on about armor and swords and how hot a forge should be and the best way to temper steel.  Another day it might be Hullen with his endless horse talk, or Septon Chayle from the library, or Jory, or Ser Rodrick, or even Old Nan with her stories.It makes sense that Robb would be following his father's advice by taking a more hands-on approach while walking the battle field after the battle, and helping tend the wounded.  Likewise, if our 'Talissa' is actually a noble-woman in disguise, it makes sense why she would seem so pert in talking to Robb.  Considering how many southerners look down on the Northerners as being more backwards, a minor noble in the south may feel they are on a level with the rebel King of the North.
					
					
							Edited by Etulftune, 24 April 2012 - 07:49 PM.
919	jarl the climber	2012-04-24	We never did get to see in the books how the Jeyne-Robb romance developed and we only saw Jeyne a couple of times in Cats PoV. I would prefer for the show to fill in a blankspot in the books. I hope the TV show doesn't stray to far from the book in this instance.
920	The Black Wolf	2012-04-25	... Also there is no way Roose Bolton would let this nurse talk back to him.Overall, not impressed.Exactly! In general, peasants do not speak to lords, much less kings, like that (actually, they seldom speak to them at all). They could have their tongue ripped out for the insolence! And, now that I think of it, I recently re-read the scene where Roose Bolton gets to Harrenhal and talks to Arya for the first time... Arya forgets to say "my lord" a couple of times (though her answers are polite) and Bolton points out that when talking to him she'll call him "my lord".I think she was being far too cheeky being that she was not only a peasant (or pretending to be), but a woman also. She either has a death wish, or really fails to see the danger she's in. Cersei, Arya and Asha can get away with such things because, well, they are very special cases... but most other women/girls in Westeros? I think not...
921	Buckwheat	2012-04-25	I agreee with most everything you said, silly scene and I do not like that Jayne is not a sweet, shy highborn maid anymore, but questioning the king. Peasant girls simply do not speak to highborns like that. I cannot imagine her being afraid of Greywind, I wish he were there in the scene to see his reaction.I am afraid Robb will not get wounded now, they are making him too much of a hero, I think. She will just keep nagging him all the time and mix his head.But apparently, she is a completely new character, as saind by Madden in the interwiew and now even the wiki says:Talisa of Volantis is a healer from Volantis. She only appears in the TV series. She replaces Jeyne Westerling as the love interest and wife of King Robb Stark. She is played by Oona Chaplin.Whoever she is, the actress looks like how I always envisioned Asha Greyjoy. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' /> Word.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 25 April 2012 - 04:54 AM.
922	stonygirl	2012-04-25	I think she is Jeyne Westerling, I just figured they changed her name, as not to confuse people later with Jeyne Poole if and when she shows up.
923	Ded As Ned	2012-04-25	This Talisa character really confused me as well, but by the way they were looking at one another, I think she's supposed to be Jeyne, maybe another name change like Yara/Asha?I have no idea why they keep changing names of side characters. I also don't understand why she's on the battlefield tending the wounded. In the books, she nursed Robb back to health after an injury which is when he fell in love with her. We had no details prior to that, so I'm guessing they decided to write this scene in to show how adept she is at being a field nurse?The Asha was changed to Yara because the producers thought it would confuse with Osha, previously introduced with Bran.  So there was a good reason for that change at least... although I suspect Jeyne will end up being Jeyne once all is said and done.
924	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-25	I think she was being far too cheeky being that she was not only a peasant (or pretending to be), but a woman also. She either has a death wish, or really fails to see the danger she's in. Cersei, Arya and Asha can get away with such things because, well, they are very special cases... but most other women/girls in Westeros? I think not...She's a foreigner. Looking at the wiki, Volantis is not as hierarchical as Westeros. It even has a primitive form of democracy (if you are a male landowner)
925	The Black Wolf	2012-04-25	She's a foreigner. Looking at the wiki, Volantis is not as hierarchical as Westeros. It even has a primitive form of democracy (if you are a male landowner)Her talking back like that is still a very foolish thing to do, you need to adapt your way of speaking to the present situation. Her being from Volantis doesn't quite excuse it... you'd assume she knows something about the customs of Westeros. But, my problem isn't exactly the fact that she's being cheeky, it's rather that everyone else seems to be fine with it.
926	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-25	Her talking back like that is still a very foolish thing to do, you need to adapt your way of speaking to the present situation. Her being from Volantis doesn't quite excuse it... you'd assume she knows something about the customs of Westeros. But, my problem isn't exactly the fact that she's being cheeky, it's rather that everyone else seems to be fine with it.Lucky she tried it on Robb, who no doubt has a reputation for affability, and also has a family reputation for fair-dealings with commoners. If she'd tried it on Roose Bolton she'd have lost her tongue, if she was lucky. Did she know Robb by reputation, or was she just lucky in her choice of target? No doubt we will find out.
927	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-25	She's a foreigner. Looking at the wiki, Volantis is not as hierarchical as Westeros. It even has a primitive form of democracy (if you are a male landowner)Even then, it's pretty damn hierarchical. It's one of the only Free Cities that is actually a slave city. We saw how rigid the hierarchy was when Tyrion visited Volantis in ADWD. In Volantis, if a slave ever did what Talisa did, the punishment would be beyond horrible. There might not be any slaves in Westeros, but there are serfs and serfs are no different.The anti-Talisa posters here are not, as some may think, aggrieved elitists. I obviously don't think medieval society was particularly fair or admirable, but when I'm watching a TV show that's about a very realistically portrayed medieval society, I want the story to maintain that integrity. Talisa mouthing off to the King in the North is especially jarring for that reason.This whole commoner-sassing-the-nobleman thing is a problem mainly because it's a well known staple of cheap romance novels, to the point where P.G. Wodehouse once parodied it hilariously in one of his Jeeves stories. And like others have pointed out, it would not happen in Westeros. Very few nobles ever care about the peasants. Arya is an exception that way - if you remember, even Jon Snow was an elitist douchebag when he first went to the Wall. Tyrion is only nice to commoners insofar as he has use for them (which still makes him better than 99% of his peers), and I think Ned's advice to Robb is being misconstrued.Ned was advising Robb about how to treat his retainers, not random peasants. He didn't say "Invite random citizens of the winter town to sit at your table" or "Once a week you must ride out into the winter town, share a meal with a different family each week, and hear their thoughts and stories and problems." Ned is specifically saying that Robb must make himself accessible to the men he commands within his own household and/or army.
928	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-25	Even then, it's pretty damn hierarchical. It's one of the only Free Cities that is actually a slave city. We saw how rigid the hierarchy was when Tyrion visited Volantis in ADWD. In Volantis, if a slave ever did what Talisa did, the punishment would be beyond horrible. There might not be any slaves in Westeros, but there are serfs and serfs are no different.Talisa doesn't appear to be a slave, though. Volantis seems to be a place where the hierarchy has a sharp line between slave and free, but if you are free, there's a flatter social structure than Westeros. I guess you could think of her like a white American from Virginia moving to England in the 18th century. She'd be shocked at the strict social hierarchy in England, and contrast it negatively with her homeland, without necessarily understanding that she was one of the privileged back there. If we are lucky, they might even bring this up. Tyrion mentions at one point in the books that the conditions of serfs in Westeros are very little different to the conditions of slaves in the free cities.
929	Davos55	2012-04-25	Lucky she tried it on Robb, who no doubt has a reputation for affability, and also has a family reputation for fair-dealings with commoners. If she'd tried it on Roose Bolton she'd have lost her tongue, if she was lucky. Did she know Robb by reputation, or was she just lucky in her choice of target? No doubt we will find out.She did try it on Roose. He said to her something like "your skills should be used on our people,not this cub", and she threw back "I am not your people" or something lame like that.  Bolton just shrugs it off and doesn't respond. I doubt he would do that...highly doubt it!
930	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-25	She did try it on Roose. He said to her something like "your skills should be used on our people,not this cub", and she threw back "I am not your people" or something lame like that.  Bolton just shrugs it off and doesn't respond. I doubt he would do that...highly doubt it!Did she? I didn't really notice Bolton in that scene... no doubt he will be more obvious later on!Also presumably he was with Robb who is his liege and earlier told him to hold off on the torture... he might act differently alone.
					
					
							Edited by Brienne the Beauty, 25 April 2012 - 02:18 PM.
931	Davos55	2012-04-25	I just wished he would have said something back or had a reaction.
932	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-25	I think she's a likely Jeyne Westerling replacement. A sort of mystifying replacement, unless the producers think the whole Spicer/Westerling treachery subplot is too difficult for TV viewers to understand?Well for some book readers/TV viewers Jeyne hiding her identity from Robb was too difficult to understand so I suppose you never know...
					
					
							Edited by Sword of the Morning Wood, 25 April 2012 - 02:30 PM.
933	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-25	Talisa doesn't appear to be a slave, though. Volantis seems to be a place where the hierarchy has a sharp line between slave and free, but if you are free, there's a flatter social structure than Westeros.I agree that Talisa doesn't appear to be a slave - Westeros has no slaves, so even if she had been brought from Volantis as a slave, she would automatically be free here. What I meant though, was that in Westeros, being a serf meant that you were basically as powerless as a slave (and as you said, Tyrion mentions this as well). If we look at the helpless way Westeros peasants endure plundering, murder, torture and sexual violence at the hands of knights, lords and sellswords, it really starts to look like there is no meaningful difference between a "free" yeoman and a slave.The only way they find agency is when they become outlaws or when they move up the social ladder either through becoming a merchant, or getting knighted, or finding a place in a lord's household - which is similar to Volantene slaves either winning their freedom or escaping.Maybe you can argue that Talisa hasn't yet appreciated the similarities between a Westerosi peasant and a Volantene slave, but I really doubt the show is going to explore that - not enough time, for one, and there's no point exploring a new side plot if it doesn't involve Ros!
934	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-25	Maybe you can argue that Talisa hasn't yet appreciated the similarities between a Westerosi peasant and a Volantene slave, but I really doubt the show is going to explore that - not enough time, for one, and there's no point exploring a new side plot if it doesn't involve Ros!Well, maybe Robb and Talisa can debate political philosophy while in bed. That should be enough sexposition for the producers of the show! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
935	RSasoiaf	2012-04-25	What I am really afraid is that this will be a fast forward love romance and this Talisa and Robb will fall in love because......the plot needs them to be in love.
After what they have done so far with RobbÂ´s story.....I am just afraid that Robb will look even more dumb then he did in the books (and this was no easy task to start with!!!!).
If they wanted someone really fierce....they could get some Lannister young girl who would be upset because her castle had been sacked or something.....this girl would fit a lot more on the Jeyne storyline and could be a lot more proud, have a lot more attitude...if that was the kind of woman they think Robb should be after.
As people are calling Talisa on other boards....this Florence Bonesaw just seems to arrive out of the Cliche Land of uninteresting characters.....she may as well have arrived holding a Greenpeace flag and charge Robb on AnimalRightÂ´s issues because he takes his pet into battles......
But I am still enjoying the show /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Really am!!!!! Just some choices are like....facepalm.....but whatever! If they think it works, at least we will also see a lot of the good old story we love /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Ahhh.....and by the way....Robb is still moving on and no one cares to tell us whatÂ´s the deal with the Tullys. I am still ok that they dont want to show Riverrun this season. I am still ok that they dont want to cast more relevant characters. But it would be nice for someone to tell what the hell is happening with the Tullys and why are they not a part of this story at the moment......because......because.....there is war in the Riverlands......i suppose someone could be saying something like "Lord Tywin is fallling back behind Lord Edmure Tully"...and then people would be like "aaahhhhaaaaa...so here they are! they are fighting back the Lannisters!".....or......some extra knights arriving as reinforcements to RobbÂ´s host with some cool sigils like we have seen at the Inn last season.....and again we would be like "Nice timming! good to see you guys are still in this story! Ok, we get it that the big sharks are staying home but there are Tully forces moving around". But alas....the decision seems to be.....we will just not mention the Tullys anymore and we really really hope no one will notice untill we get them back into the story for season 3. Hmmmm.....i think it will be a bit odd......just saying my thoughts
					
					
							Edited by RSasoiaf, 25 April 2012 - 08:21 PM.
936	Reposado	2012-04-25	I think she is Jeyne Westerling, I just figured they changed her name, as not to confuse people later with Jeyne Poole if and when she shows up.hmm they probably wont bother with jeyne poole. they will keep ot simple and just have arya do that part
937	kephv	2012-04-25	Arya's already getting the coin so she's going to Braavos. No time to marry Ramsay then.
938	Davos55	2012-04-25	hmm they probably wont bother with jeyne poole. they will keep ot simple and just have arya do that partThat would be terrible. /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
939	GSP	2012-04-25	If Talisa is Jeyne I don't like this alteration to the story. One of the strength of Martin's writings imho is his ability to drop bombs on us. One of those bombs was Robb showing up married to a non Frey. That will be ruined if they go about showing a bunch of romantic buildup.
940	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-25	If Talisa is Jeyne I don't like this alteration to the story. One of the strength of Martin's writings imho is his ability to drop bombs on us. One of those bombs was Robb showing up married to a non Frey. That will be ruined if they go about showing a bunch of romantic buildup.Agree. And if that first meeting between Robb and Talisa is indicative of how the rest of the scenes will play, it seems like a big, big waste of time. As noted in the Westeros review of the episode, that whole conversation felt cliched and familiar. I really have no interest in Robb's romance with Jeyne/Talisa, and I feel like it's being thrown in there just to have a romance. Maybe the scenes will get better, I don't know, but as of right now I'll just say I don't have a whole of confidence that the upcoming Robb romance scnes will be worth the time.This is part of my gripes with teh show as a whole. It really feels like they're spending way too much time expanding on sequences that were either implied in the book--Tyrion's brief thought of bringing Joffrye to a brothel turning into a five minute scene of Joffrey terrorizing Ros--or showing "offscreen" sequences, such as this new romance with Robb. I feel like this is a problem because these new scenes are coming at the expense of big moments from the show. For instance, the last epiosde had several new scenes--Joffrey with Ros, Littlefinger in every scene he was in--that took time away from having great scenes in the book. The Renly Stannis meeting was incredibly rushed on the show and not built up at all. They never even had a scene of Renly finding out that Stannis was coming; Stannis hadn't been on teh show for two episodes, then suddenly he's already meeting Renly with little to no explanation. I feel like the writers just made a list of events and scnes from the books that needed to be in, and then added their own scenes, ignoring that a lot of those book scenes need setup in order to be effective. I'm still enjoying the show, but it really feels rushed, much more so than last season, and with only ten episodes they should have planned this out better and probably cut a lot of this new invented scenes that don't really add much plot or character wise. Joffrey and Littlefinger's scenes with Ros, for example, were pretty good, but did nothing. The audience already knows both are scumbags, so what was the point.
941	David Selig	2012-04-26	This is part of my gripes with teh show as a whole. It really feels like they're spending way too much time expanding on sequences that were either implied in the book--Tyrion's brief thought of bringing Joffrye to a brothel turning into a five minute scene of Joffrey terrorizing Ros--or showing "offscreen" sequences, such as this new romance with Robb. I think this is (mostly) a good thing. The show has the opportunity to show us events we couldn't see in the books due to the PoV structure, and I like that they are using it. Sure, sometimes those added scenes are weak, but just following the books as much as possible and not adding anything would be boring for me.If Talisa is Jeyne I don't like this alteration to the story. One of the strength of Martin's writings imho is his ability to drop bombs on us. One of those bombs was Robb showing up married to a non Frey. That will be ruined if they go about showing a bunch of romantic buildup. I disagree. Why miss the opportunity for developing a pretty important character like Robb just for a minor surprise? Besides, it wasn't even much of a surprise in the books when he showed up married to non-Freys, it was strongly hinted in the last Arya chapter of ACOK, with Elmar Freys telling Arya â<U+0080><U+009C>My princess.Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been dishonored, Aenys says. There was a bird from the Twins. My lord father says Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll need to marry someone else".
942	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-26	I think this is (mostly) a good thing. The show has the opportunity to show us events we couldn't see in the books due to the PoV structure, and I like that they are using it. Sure, sometimes those added scenes are weak, but just following the books as much as possible and not adding anything would be boring for me.I disagree. Why miss the opportunity for developing a pretty important character like Robb just for a minor surprise? Besides, it wasn't even much of a surprise in the books when he showed up married to non-Freys, it was strongly hinted in the last Arya chapter of ACOK, with Elmar Freys telling Arya â<U+0080><U+009C>My princess.Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve been dishonored, Aenys says. There was a bird from the Twins. My lord father says Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll need to marry someone else".I just generally think the strongest scenes on the show are the ones that stick closest to the book, and while most of the new scenes are good, in my opinion they'd be better served allowing for more setup and character building scenes from the book. This season, for the most part, it feels like they're just trying to hit the major scenes from the book, sometimes without providing the needed setup so these scenes have more impact. I still thought it was a big surprise when Robb showed up married to Jeyne in the book. Honestly, I didn't remember that Elmar Frey conversation with Arya at all by the time I hit A Storm of Swords, and really only noticed it on a re-read.
943	Abicion	2012-04-26	Talisa is Jeyne.
By introducing "Talisa," the TV writers are showing you very early on how Jeyne uses aliases and elaborate fake backstories to move invisibly betweem battle lines.
	Spoiler It all leads into the fact the girl Jaime meets in A Feast for Crows (you know, the one with the strangely different-sized hips) is a body double and the real Jeyne / "Talisa" is hiding somewhere with Robb's baby.

Some of you are acting like this is a complete betrayal of the story when it's actually setting up one of the series's biggest upcoming plot twists more gloriously than GRRM himself.
944	Isabella Stark	2012-04-26	This whole commoner-sassing-the-nobleman thing is a problem mainly because it's a well known staple of cheap romance novels, to the point where P.G. Wodehouse once parodied it hilariously in one of his Jeeves stories. And like others have pointed out, it would not happen in Westeros. Very few nobles ever care about the peasants. Arya is an exception that way - if you remember, even Jon Snow was an elitist douchebag when he first went to the Wall. Tyrion is only nice to commoners insofar as he has use for them (which still makes him better than 99% of his peers), and I think Ned's advice to Robb is being misconstrued.In fact, it's a cliche that GRRM was specifically critical of and said he wanted to avoid."And thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another of my pet peeves about fantasies. The bad authors adopt the class structures of the Middle Ages; where you had the royalty and then you had the nobility and you had the merchant class and then you have the peasants and so forth. But they donâ<U+0080><U+0099>tâ<U+0080><U+0099> seem to realize what it actually meant. They have scenes where the spunky peasant girl tells off the pretty prince. The pretty prince would have raped the spunky peasant girl. He would have put her in the stocks and then had garbage thrown at her. You know.Read more: http://entertainment.../#ixzz1tBMEgRpoThe Robb & "Talisa" scene isn't quite that wrong- "Talisa" is probably minor nobility- but it's still a departure from the reality of class and gender relations that GRRM captures in the books.I wasn't crazy about the scene, but I get that they wanted to have more Richard Madden, and Robb's love life seemed like a logical things to feature.  And I get that tv-Robb, being older than book-Robb, wouldn't have the same love story.
945	RSasoiaf	2012-04-26	And the whole class structure goes even one step further with this Talisa scene because you dont have only class structure wrong there, you have comon sense really really wrong there!!!!
Now imagine yourselves being tending for injured on a battlefield and you sudenly get to know a general and a king who just butchered the enemy army with a big and scary "family size-killing wolf"......I do not know but if i had any complaints to do, i would really not try my luck with such a character. You know....unless Talisa just had the chance to catch on the late social column and knows Robb is this really nice guy  who will give a chance for everyone to speak freelly.....unless she knows that, she is pretty much playing with her own skin by just messing with this guy who can kill her in a second and no one will care about it....hell....the guy who stands by him might even think death was a nice and boring way out for you compared to what he is planning if he ever gets his hands on you.
You see.....itÂ´s not only class structure....itÂ´s really foolish!!!!
And besides, she doesnt really have a point there. Robb is not really the bad guy so far in this war is he? I was waitting for him to answer something like "do you know someone who goes by the name of Gregor Clegane??? Nice fellow you got there!....or that Lord of the Lannisters that decided to Burn and raze the Riverlands because....because they did nothing against him in the first place....yeaaaahh another nice fellow"
I was waitting for Robb to say: "YOU KNOW NOTHING Florence Bonesaw from Volantis, YOU KNOW NOTHING"
946	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-26	Talisa is Jeyne.By introducing "Talisa," the TV writers are showing you very early on how Jeyne uses aliases and elaborate fake backstories to move invisibly betweem battle lines.
	Spoiler It all leads into the fact the girl Jaime meets in A Feast for Crows (you know, the one with the strangely different-sized hips) is a body double and the real Jeyne / "Talisa" is hiding somewhere with Robb's baby.
Some of you are acting like this is a complete betrayal of the story when it's actually setting up one of the series's biggest upcoming plot twists more gloriously than GRRM himself.I highly doubt that's what they're doing. Do you really believe that "Talisa" is actually an elaborate setup for a plot theory that's only hinted at through one phrase "slender hips" in the series? Very, very unlikely and makes no sense.
947	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-27	I highly doubt that's what they're doing. Do you really believe that "Talisa" is actually an elaborate setup for a plot theory that's only hinted at through one phrase "slender hips" in the series? Very, very unlikely and makes no sense.It's also less a plot than a crackpot theory and not a very likely one as that would make the King in the North a baby throughout the end of the books (unless of course said baby dies in another heartbreaking Stark tragedy).
948	Abicion	2012-04-27	Do you really believe that "Talisa" is actually an elaborate setup for a plot theory that's only hinted at through one phrase "slender hips" in the series?The Red Wedding started with one phrase Elmar said in A Clash of Kings.Very, very unlikely and makes no sense.Oh, it doesn't make sense for a party of rebels to be hiding the rightful heir of their murdered king when the reader is given radically different character descriptions of Jeyne?Really now?
					
					
							Edited by Abicion, 27 April 2012 - 02:45 PM.
949	Fengari	2012-04-27	That the name is changed doesn't really bother me much. When I saw it I though it was just another Yara/Asha move to avoid confusion with Jeyne Poole.
The last name and the background isn't that important to me either. What is most important is that Robb will be breaking the marriage pact with the Freys. Who he does that with and the whole story behind her family, though an interesting aspect of the books, is not that important for the events that follow.
What bothers me a bit more is how different this Talisa is from Jeyne as a character. In the books, I understood Robb falling for Jeyne while she was nursing him, because she is depicted as a nice, sweet, loving person, and I felt that meeting someone like that must have been real nice for Robb after all that had happened to him. After all, he had a happy, protected childhood as the heir of a lord, and all of a sudden his brother has a severe accident and is then is attacked in his own home, his father captured and later murdered, his sisters are held hostage (as far as he knows), and he has to grow up really fast to wage a war because his family and their bannermen expect him to (after all, it's them that proclaim him King of the North, that was not his choice, which is by the way what I felt the whole conversation with Talisa was trying to convey: that he doesn't wage this war because he likes it, or out of ambition, but just because it is what he has to do). To me, choosing to marry Jeyne was not just about him doing the honourable thing after a moment of weakness, it was about him choosing Jeyne because she was actually the one thing in his life that made him happy, and could make him forget all that trouble for a while. It made the decision not less foolish, but understandable.
With Talisa, I cannot see the same thing. If she will be the one to nurse him when he gets injured, it would be very strange for the person we saw on that battlefield to start pampering him and being nice and sweet to him all of a sudden. It could be he's not going to be injured and the relationship will be more about his admiration for a strong woman who doesn't cringe when sawing off someone's leg, and who is not afraid to speak her mind to a King, but that is a serious deviation in character from the books and one I feel makes it less understandable why he would break the marriage pact.
I'm not judging yet, I'm interested to see how this develops, but I'm a bit apprehensive about it.
950	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-27	"Nice, sweet and loving" is OK for a character who barely appears and has no long-term role. A character who is actually onscreen needs to be a bit more interesting than that.
951	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-27	The Red Wedding started with one phrase Elmar said in A Clash of Kings.Oh, it doesn't make sense for a party of rebels to be hiding the rightful heir of their murdered king when the reader is given radically different character descriptions of Jeyne?Really now?No, it doesn't make sense for the tv show to put Jeyne under disguise as "Talisa" based on one phrase in the fourth book. I'm positive she's a new character and not Jeyne Westerling in some sort of secret disguise.
952	Lord Godric	2012-04-27	According to Westeros' interview with Richard Madden Talisa is the characters real name?  I don't understand that change whatsoever.
953	RSasoiaf	2012-04-28	"Nice, sweet and loving" is OK for a character who barely appears and has no long-term role. A character who is actually onscreen needs to be a bit more interesting than that.This is not true!!!!I will give you a really good example of a character who barelly had any lines and was still quite effective: Do you remember William WallaceÂ´s love interest from Braveheart??? There you go! Perfect example!I could even go also with Arwen from LOTR. Even if you consider ArwenÂ´s little "adventure" on the first movie, even considering that, Arwen was allways depicted as really sweet and kind. She is even sweet on the way she begs her father for help. She has strength inside, but she is not arrogant, she is a Lady!Now I understand that the concept of what a woman should or should not be did change a lot on the past years. But still, I think true LadyÂ´s are still something that we can watch and relate to. Besides, Robb is 17 or 18....even on this day and age, when we are that young, many boys just look for younger submissive girls around 15/16 because they will be shy, a bit submissive...and all happy campers for having a 18 boy looking at them. Like it or not....it kind of works like that. ItÂ´s only when we get more mature that we start thinking on other issues.
954	Samalander	2012-04-28	If Talisa is Jeyne Westerling in disguise it's tolerable. If she's not...Why would Robb even marry her? Peasants don't have any honor that needs protecting. He could have many bastards with her and people wouldn't really care (much).
955	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-28	Besides, Robb is 17 or 18....even on this day and age, when we are that young, many boys just look for younger submissive girls around 15/16 because they will be shy, a bit submissive...and all happy campers for having a 18 boy looking at them. Like it or not....it kind of works like that. ItÂ´s only when we get more mature that we start thinking on other issues.I get the feeling you are talking about yourself, not Robb. People's tastes differ, and Robb is being characterised as liking this girl who talks back.Think of it from his point of view. He's one of the richest, most powerful young men in the land. He's not some high-school student who is stunned that a girl would actually want to talk to him, and he's used to all the girls he knows (who are all his father's servants and vassals and their family) being super-submissive and attentive. When the heir to Winterfell says jump, you jump. A girl who has no respect for him and his position is the novelty.If Talisa is Jeyne Westerling in disguise it's tolerable. If she's not...Why would Robb even marry her? Peasants don't have any honor that needs protecting. He could have many bastards with her and people wouldn't really care (much).Um, have you been following Jon's plotline at all? It is true that Robb could legally impregnate every peasant girl he passes with no consequences. However, he is a Stark, and has had honour drilled into him from childhood. "Too much honour" is the defining Stark weakness. It's not that "people" would care, it's that he would care.Book Robb could have done the same to Jeyne Westerling, anyway, as she was only a minor noble. He might have needed to marry her off to a bannerman to keep her family's honour if she became pregnant, that's all.
956	Pliskin	2012-04-28	Oona Chaplin should have played Asha.
957	now my watch begins	2012-04-28	She says a name, says she's from Volantis, and doesn't she say she's just a "spicer"?  I don't know if I would tell the king of my enemies exactly who I was should I happen upon him in a battlefield, especially if I was really a lady.  The Westerling married Spicer - so there is some truth there. I don't know why HBO is putting the scenes in, except it does help set up what really happens when she and Robb get together in the Crag. It might be they want to show that the love is not a set up - or could be a set up for the scheming Spicers and they sent her to seek him out.  We will have to see how this plays out in the show.  I just think HBO is making things much more clear by showing more detail in the story, we are limited in the books by POV so there is a lot left to the imagination and you have to be very observant to catch all the detail. The TV show has to be more obvious, there's just not time to go into the detail that the books do.
958	House Snow	2012-04-28	Do people really think the show was just not going to show Rob's relationship with whoever the girl is,  that she and Robb would dissapear for awhile and then would just pop up and then we would have the RW.  Come on.  And once you realize there was no way this storyline could be bypassed then you realize that however they did it we were going to have some sappy intro to his love interest, b/c thats how they happen-sappy.  Perhaps they should have started right off with after Robb gets injured and her healing him, but it was going to happen one way or another and irregardless of her background.  Also making her from Volantis gives the creator an outlet for some needed exposition-and given her background she could probably tell us about anywhere and it would be semi-believable.  If I have a critique of the purists its that I don't feel they appreciate how necessary it is to put a lot of exposition in the show, and I would argue esp in regards to the Stannis storyline they haven't done it nearly enough.  Its why we have to get a clunky Quarthe scene.
959	RSasoiaf	2012-04-28	I get the feeling you are talking about yourself, not Robb. People's tastes differ, and Robb is being characterised as liking this girl who talks back.Think of it from his point of view. He's one of the richest, most powerful young men in the land. He's not some high-school student who is stunned that a girl would actually want to talk to him, and he's used to all the girls he knows (who are all his father's servants and vassals and their family) being super-submissive and attentive. When the heir to Winterfell says jump, you jump. A girl who has no respect for him and his position is the novelty.And I get the feeling you are trying to be judgemental about myself.....which is not so nice. We are here discussing Game of Thrones and not me. If you would lilke to discuss about me, then you will need to get to know me first for you to have any credits at judging who i am or what i like.Robb is 18....or should be....in the books he is even younger. People at that age do not think that much. And I am not saying that I did not think that much at that age. I am not talking about myself here. I am talking about teenagers in general. And if you want to fight with me because I think teenagers are not really hard thinkers.....then I will refuse to discuss that with you.But, lets get on topic again:I answered you when you said that sweet and shy girls that dont show up a lot are not interesting on tv (not your exact words but close). Do you care to discuss my examples of Arwen in LOTR and Muron in Braveheart? The 2nd one is really a perfect example and i dare you to say that she did not get the point that she was needed for on that movie. She did! And she was so important to the plot that we had her showing up even after being dead....even if she did not speak that much after dead. She was mostly there to look pretty and to give our hero some motivation. Like it or not, it works and it sells. And again, this may or may not be my own personal preference, I am not adressing that here.
960	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-28	Nothing wrong with liking sweet, shy girls, but saying that all teenage boys like sweet, shy girls is poor criticism of a TV series.
961	RSasoiaf	2012-04-28	Nothing wrong with liking sweet, shy girls, but saying that all teenage boys like sweet, shy girls is poor criticism of a TV series.Which is why that was something aditional to my topic and not my critic at all. I was just adding my understanding of Robb and JeyneÂ´s relationship as the book portrays it. Like it or not, that was the story in the book. But I never said "all" teenage boys like that kind of girl....if you care to read what I did say once again, you will not find this "all" there.And...my point with you is: justifying a change by saying the original story would not sell is also a poor point given that Talisa is JeyneÂ´s complete oposite and there are tons of well known female characters in movies and series who will fall in bettween Talisa and Jeyne. Therefore, it was possible to go way closer to Jeyne if they wanted to. Your point of "it would not be interesting" seems to me a feeble point. Again, I wonder if you got the feeling of "meeehhh" with the lady on Braveheart. Did you not enjoy her? Because Jeyne could be like that. Simple! It would be all on chemistry, good acting and nice music to convey that she was getting to Robb. And that would be far easier on screen then it was on the book. And this is my biggest issue with this Talisa. Because I had hopes that seing Jeyne and Robb fall in love would help cement the book story. The screen would be perfect to flesh it a bit more and make it really romantic. Now that chance seems to be lost and Robb will look even more foolish this time around....because when all is said and done, I hope they can really pull the love out of this relationship considering the cost that it will have for everyone involved.But i will enjoy the show for what it is /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> No need to worry about that.
962	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-28	She says a name, says she's from Volantis, and doesn't she say she's just a "spicer"?  I don't know if I would tell the king of my enemies exactly who I was should I happen upon him in a battlefield, especially if I was really a lady.  Really? I would. It would save me from rape at the hands of enemy soldiers. Being publicly acknowledged as a lady would mean that Talisa/Jeyne would be taken captive and held for ransom, true, but she would be protected from sexual violence. Jaime uses Brienne's status (and the price on her virginity) to save her from exactly that fate in ASOS.
963	now my watch begins	2012-04-28	Really? I would. It would save me from rape at the hands of enemy soldiers. Being publicly acknowledged as a lady would mean that Talisa/Jeyne would be taken captive and held for ransom, true, but she would be protected from sexual violence. Jaime uses Brienne's status (and the price on her virginity) to save her from exactly that fate in ASOS.Easy now Council Member - that's just my opinion on why they had her "give a different name and background". So why didn't HBO have her say, "King Robb - I'm Jeyne Westerling, highborn lady, take me captive".  I didn't see any of his soldiers trying to rape her, but I only watched the episode once.  Brienne is a totaly different situation IMHO, the bloody mummers had her, not Robb Stark.
964	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-28	Easy now Council Member - that's just my opinion on why they had her "give a different name and background". So why didn't HBO have her say, "King Robb - I'm Jeyne Westerling, highborn lady, take me captive".  I didn't see any of his soldiers trying to rape her, but I only watched the episode once.  Brienne is a totaly different situation IMHO, the bloody mummers had her, not Robb Stark./smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I wasn't trying to attack you.  I actually thought that, if it turns out that Talisa is Jeyne W. in disguise (increasingly seems unlikely) then that would be the explanation that the TV show might use when they revealed her real name. Doesn't mean it isn't a weak explanation though.I don't think Talisa is in a very different situation from other women in a war zone. Robb Stark's honor has nothing to do with that of his soldiers. During Blackwater, Cersei warns Sansa that the women of the Red Keep will be in danger of rape if the castle falls to Stannis' men, and this is despite Cersei acknowledging that Stannis himself is not that kind of man.Even Randyll Tarly, the champion of misogynists, acknowledges that Brienne would have been in danger if he hadn't put an end to the knights' competition for her, and this is Renly's war camp that we're talking about. Very few people are as squeaky clean as Renly, and most of his men are obsessed with honor and glory - like Robb Stark's men. And Renly didn't even have monsters like the Freys and Boltons riding with him.The point is that in this society, women have no protection during war unless it's by birth, wits or their own skill at arms. (And I would argue that even intelligence isn't enough if you don't have a powerful family or a powerful sword arm). We've seen time and again that women on a battlefield/around a traveling army are treated like camp followers or spoils of war. Even if some knight is chivalrous enough to just employ a captured woman as his laundress, there's no guarantee that the other men in his retinue will have the same gallant instincts. It's messed up, but it is what it is.So if I was a female aristocrat, especially a young and pretty one, who wanted to be a healer/nurse, I would wear my family name openly. If my army was defeated, I would either try to flee or, if caught, reveal my name in order to protect myself. It seems like the common sense thing to do in this world.
965	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-28	You are practically writing a fanfic about a character we know barely anything about, ATFW. How do we know she doesn't have protectors? How do we know she is a noblewoman? Maybe she's with the church of the Seven as a healer. Maybe her father is employed as a surgeon to the army and her five strong brothers are just out of sight of the camera. I guess we'll have to keep watching to find out. Why criticise the writers for things that may not turn out to be true?
					
					
							Edited by Brienne the Beauty, 28 April 2012 - 03:43 PM.
966	dreamcatcher	2012-04-28	Why does Ran in the interview published a couple of days ago say that he knows that Talisa is her actual name?I know Talisa is her actual name. Now, I know last season there were a couple of name-changes mid-filming last season, like Rakharo starting as Jhogo. Was she Jeyne at the start of filming, or was her name already changed before cameras started rolling?â<U+0080><U+009C>I think she was something else, but by the time we started shooting it was Talisa. She has a second name which ... well, I had fun trying to pronounce that one each day on set. That was a good laugh, trying to pronounce that one. But yeah, you know, thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s going to be changes to the story, but they all come from the essence of the books.â<U+0080><U+009D>I think they changed her name as to not confuse her with Jeyne Poole. They can't change J. Poole's name, because of the whole "Jeyne Jeyne it rhymes with pain" thingy.But why make her from Volantis?
967	DaveSumm	2012-04-28	Oona Chaplin should have played Asha.Bloody good shout that.
968	A Time for Wolves	2012-04-28	You are practically writing a fanfic about a character we know barely anything about, ATFW. How do we know she doesn't have protectors? How do we know she is a noblewoman? Maybe she's with the church of the Seven as a healer. Maybe her father is employed as a surgeon to the army and her five strong brothers are just out of sight of the camera. I guess we'll have to keep watching to find out. Why criticise the writers for things that may not turn out to be true?I've been criticizing based on a popular assumption, while acknowledging that it may not be true, and responding to posts that were based on a similar assumption. And my main argument - that whether Talisa is commoner or noble, her first appearance doesn't fit with the world of ASOIAF - still seems fair to me. But I'm willing to wait and see what happens.
969	House Martell	2012-05-18	Why does Ran in the interview published a couple of days ago say that he knows that Talisa is her actual name? I think they changed her name as to not confuse her with Jeyne Poole. They can't change J. Poole's name, because of the whole "Jeyne Jeyne it rhymes with pain" thingy.But why make her from Volantis?They may have changed her name but I bet all her other details remain the same. I'm thinking it's not a good idea to run around a Northern camp telling everyone you belong to a Lannister Bannerman family. She's there with someone (someone's driving the wagon she rides off on) so I guess her fear of rape is not that great (at least not as great as being held captive for ransom). So if she remains "Talisa" I'm guessing everything else stays "Jenny Westerling" about her
970	i-sawr-the-ghost-of-harren	2013-04-14	I hadn't read the entire thread, so sorry if this has already been tackled, but has anyone noticed how all of Talisa's scenes are merged with Roose Bolton's and how Roose eyes Talisa in a couple scenes? In any case, that was great incorporation, I think, and a good nod to readers as well.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
971	KingAlanI	2013-04-15	When I heard about Talisa, I was afraid they were replacing Jeyne entirely. Glad to hear they're being more clever about it.
(I haven't watched Season 2 yet)
972	of man and wolf	2013-10-13	Instead of sawing the poor guys foot off, why nt just take a sword and make it quick?
973	Howdyphillip	2012-04-26	http://www.fataldown...ople-bang-4296/
This is an article written online against the nature of the sex scenes in the GoT TV series. It is well written, and establishes these idea in a very readable manner.
A friend of mine has written an article in rebuttal. It is also well written and his thoughts are made clear and concise. http://www.fataldown...ople-bang-4296/
Both of these I found enjoyable, although I am in the pro-sex camp myself.
974	Daktura Nurovaia	2012-04-29	Great article. 100% with your friend's views. Thanks for sharing.
975	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-29	Yes, the first complainant seems ignorant of the source material and is blaming "HBO."  But the rebuttal author undermines his own credibility when he says things like (paraphrase), "I don't think any story is being cut to make way for the sex scenes."  Lots of fans are complaining about story aspects that have been cut while particular sex scenes not in the book have been added.  And other sex scenes from the book have been changed.  (For example, IIRC, Cersei and Jaime are going at it while standing up against a wall when Bran inadvertently eavesdrops on them--in the book.  "HBO" turns it into doggy style on the floor.  Book dialogue that happened elsewhere is "gratuitously" staged in brothels, etc.)
The rebuttal author also loses credibility (IMHO) when he claims that the novels' misogyny is necessary to GRRM's medieval-inspired world, but if you're on this forum you already know that critiques more eloquent than mine could ever be have pointed out all the aspects that are decidedly different than medieval European culture; the author could have chosen something more "civilized" as regards women, among all the choices he's making and all the fantastical elements he's adding.
Just sayin'.
I realize both editorials are sarcastic and, at least for the rebuttal, partly tongue-in-cheek.
The real question is:  are the actors wearing prosthetic penises?  /blushing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blushing:' />
976	_Oberyn_	2012-04-29	You have posted the same link twice /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
Although i partialy agree with the article is still think is a massive waste of screen time, and there is realy no need for it, even the scenes from whe book should be cut depending on relevance same as the rest of the story.
977	Ser Tom Tarly	2012-04-30	I dont think there is any need for the sex scenes, theres so much more they could be putting in there instead. I know some of the scenes may be necessary for the story but most of them arent. Why cant they drop these scenes and free up time to introduce someone like the Blackfish? the sex scenes probably pull in a few more viewers but I think it would be more important to keep the more dedicated fans happy and tell the story.
It wont stop me watching though, its still the best programme on tv but it could be so much more.
978	Volantis	2012-10-29	We've already seen Ros' tits once
979	fanderson85	2013-04-09	I disagree with those who deem the sex scenes in GoT "gratuitous". While these scenes do serve to titillate, they are never out of context with what is going on in the show and often reveal character motivation, and show how sex can be used as a political tool.
    Also there is a scene in which a guy's tongue is ripped out through his throat, so maybe back off on the sex.
980	teemo	2012-04-22	Why do the producers keep going over the top with Joffrey?  First, they made him the bastard killer, not his mother.  Now they are having him torture whores.  That scene was just....I don't know.  Unnecessary, dragged on too long, and with the shows being annoyingly short, very frustrating.  Part of me thinks they keep emphasizing how despicable he is to "off-set" how evil Cersei is, and make her more "likable," which is just ridiculous.  I only got that from the fact that he killed the bastards instead of her, however.  Maybe they just want to emphasize his crazy sadism on television.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 23 April 2012 - 03:37 AM.
981	teemo	2012-04-23	I get that HBO wants T&A, but this isn't the T&A that most people are looking forward to (most) - whores being tortured by a 13 year old.  Wasn't him having Sansa stripped and beaten enough to show his cruelty this episode?
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 23 April 2012 - 03:57 AM.
982	Orestes	2012-04-23	I think there was too little "beating and stripping of Sansa"! It just didn't look hurtful enough to me. I wish they'd done Joff/Sansa scene properly and cut Joff/whores scene out. It was redundant and long. Well done but pointless for me.
983	Poe	2012-04-23	Also working from memory here in the book ser Dontas intervenes with Sansas stripping but that didn't happen here.... where is he? he was saved in the first episode.
(by intervenes i mean he runs up to her and hits here with a melon on a flail instead of a gauntlet)
					
					
							Edited by Poe, 23 April 2012 - 04:43 AM.
984	JW.	2012-04-23	And here there was some hope he might have used that crossbow on Roz. Rid us of another pointless character that limits the screentime of those more important.
My wish was not granted.
985	David Selig	2012-04-23	I am pretty sure Joffrey in the series is quite a bit older than 13.  He sure doesn't look 13, Jack Gleeson is already in college IIRC.
986	The Monkey	2012-04-23	Yeah, I was hoping more of the Sansa beating. I especially missed The Hound's line ("That's enough"), as that small moment was enough to set him apart from the real monsters. I didn't mind the whore scene, though. Thought it was acted very well, and it makes sense that they have added a sexual dimension to Joffrey's sadism, as he is older in the TV version than in the book.
987	The Black Wolf	2012-04-23	I didn't mind the scene, really... but as others have said, with so much to be told in only 10 hours of show, this scene seemed a bit too long. They could focus more on Sansa/Joffrey, Cersei/Joffrey or even Tommen/Joffrey and Myrcella/Joffrey, things we didn't see in the books but would be nice little additions to the show, I think.
988	Frey Pie	2012-04-23	Iv read the books so i know how bad Joffrey is. But for my friends who havnt they are really starting to hate him. To go by their reactions id say the producers are doing a good job
I thought the belt would have been enough. The whole scepter thing was a bit much
989	Addam	2012-04-23	Joffrey killing Roz would probably have just made him too popular with the online crowd.
/smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
990	Dracarya	2012-04-23	Unnecessary, disgusting, sick to death of seeing whores in every episode. I'd heard about this before I saw it, and it very nearly put me off watching it, but what  actually happened was nothing compared to what I imagined was going to happen *shudder* I have no idea why they're changing Cersei to be more sympathetic and likable, Joffrey's sick and evil enough. TV viewers aren't going to realise where he got it from, if the sun shines out of his mother's arse. Never mind. It wasn't as bad as I imagined, but it was still disgusting and unnecessary. Come on, HBO, enough of Ros. We need those ridiculously short 50 or so minutes to see the characters who are actually in the books.
991	Pellaeon	2012-04-23	Did Joffrey has sex with the whores or just let the one beat the other, that's an intresting question because he is older then 13 and don't have sex when he get an opertunity, why? Even a sadist have sex after the S&M stuff, cut thei make Jofrey impotend?
992	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	The scene added nothing to the show - we go from a scene of Joffrey threatening to kill his betrothed in front of the court to him having a KG beat his betrothed in front of the court.  We remember he enjoyed showing his betrothed her fathers head on a spike.  We know he killed his fathers bastards.  We know he lied to his father regarding the Arya/Mycah scene.  We get it...he's a douchebag.
Changes are fine...but please have them make sense and push the story forward.  Give us something we don't all ready know.
993	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	Did Joffrey has sex with the whores or just let the one beat the other, that's an intresting question because he is older then 13 and don't have sex when he get an opertunity, why? Even a sadist have sex after the S&M stuff, cut thei make Jofrey impotend?No, i don't believe he had sex with Roz after she beat the other one.  That was it - just beat her and then go to Tyrion.
994	The GreatRon	2012-04-23	Thought the scene was unnecessary too long
Joffrey being a sadist is already pretty well known, didnt really see the need for it.
995	Crown	2012-04-23	This was awkward, especially watching it with my mother.
996	Umel of Ys	2012-04-23	but what  actually happened was nothing compared to what I imagined was going to happen *shudder*.This. It really got me scared for a moment.
997	Dracarya	2012-04-23	Did Joffrey has sex with the whores or just let the one beat the other, that's an intresting question because he is older then 13 and don't have sex when he get an opertunity, why? Even a sadist have sex after the S&M stuff, cut thei make Jofrey impotend?I don't believe book-Joffrey was all that interested in sex either. I think he's just sadistic, and they're making him out to be more of a psychopath than a sexually violent freak. The fact that he gets off enough on watching one prostitute beat another without having sex afterwards is just.. eurgh. Hated the scene.This. It really got me scared for a moment.I felt sick when I heard a review for it. Someone called it 'the most disgusting thing on television', so I thought it was going to be horrific. It was bad, don't get me wrong, but my imagination ran wild before I saw it, so when I eventually saw it, it wasn't that bad, if that makes sense. Still see no need for the scene though. We get it - Joffrey is evil and twisted, Ros is a whore. Stop ramming it down our throats!
998	kindred_spirit	2012-04-23	I agree with the above comments. The audience already hates Joffrey's guts. There's no need to push it any further. To my mind the scene doesn't enrich the character in any way. I mean, this screen time could've been spent better. A Clash of Kings abounds in various threads. Why not take something so far unknown to the non-readers.
999	Howland Reed	2012-04-23	I'm pretty sure the other whore who was with Ros also played the ship captains daughter that Theon bangs.  Did anyone else notice that?
1000	Poe	2012-04-23	I'm pretty sure the other whore who was with Ros also played the ship captains daughter that Theon bangs.  Did anyone else notice that?That wasn't her. The woman we saw in this show was in a previous episode where Ros is showing her around Littlefingers Brothel blabbering on about how Lord Balish  runs a fancy establishment shortly before the baby is stabbed
1001	boojam	2012-04-23	Yeah, I was hoping more of the Sansa beating. I especially missed The Hound's line ("That's enough"), as that small moment was enough to set him apart from the real monsters. I didn't mind the whore scene, though. Thought it was acted very well, and it makes sense that they have added a sexual dimension to Joffrey's sadism, as he is older in the TV version than in the book.Yeah they could have elaborated that and left out the useless hooker scene. I didn't think they would do the scene in the book... I am not sure Sophie does topless stuff.Missed the Hound's reaction, tho he is the one who puts his cloak over her.Now wasn't it Tyrion, in the novel, who stopped all that nonsense?
1002	The Monkey	2012-04-23	I think the whole getting sodomized by that stick was the same that was fucking Pycelle last episode. Is that right?
1003	Poe	2012-04-23	I think the whole getting sodomized by that stick was the same that was fucking Pycelle last episode. Is that right?Ah yes, that was her too. Guess that brings the total number of whores in Kings Landing up to 2
1004	smo	2012-04-23	This season is supposed to be all about power.  And although I thought the whore scene was very unnecessary, to some degree it had a point.  Joff is King, a king can do what he likes and he is showing his uncle this by doing whatever he feels like doing.  This uncle humiliated him in court, Joff couldn't let that stand.  From a character building point of view I get why they did it.  It was not pleasant to watch though, and was over the top.  /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />   I don't really get how Cercei is becoming likeable though?  Yeah Joff ordered the bastard killings, and yes she freaked out when finding out her daughter was to leave KL, but she is still manipulative and conniving.
1005	Howland Reed	2012-04-23	That wasn't her. The woman we saw in this show was in a previous episode where Ros is showing her around Littlefingers Brothel blabbering on about how Lord Balish  runs a fancy establishment shortly before the baby is stabbedI'm retarded.
1006	smo	2012-04-23	I'm retarded.No you are not, I totally thought it was her too.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1007	PatrickStormborn	2012-04-23	The scene made me feel physically ill, but it was important to the plot. It shows just how much danger Sansa, and later Margaery, are actually in.
1008	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-23	I liked it. Not because of the poor whores, nor becasue of Joff's sick/perverse mind. I liked it because it reflected off of Bran's story. Tyrion slaps Joff, says keep Bran in your thoughts. Bran gets an attempt stabbing.Tyrion makes a fool of Joff in court, and then brings him this present?
					
					
							Edited by Ndrew of Typhgarian, 23 April 2012 - 10:29 AM.
1009	Noelle Snow	2012-04-23	Yes, I know we've established that Joff is a monster but I also thought there was a point to this scene. Remember he's not just a psycho. He's a teenage psycho. Which means hormones should be raging. And now here's a kid, who at 15 or 16 and a virgin, would rather see one whore beat another rather than get laid. His brutality and sense of power trumps even the hormones.
1010	bloodymime	2012-04-23	While he may have overeacted you can see where he's coming from. You're king of all of Westeros and getting excited about this great nameday gift and walk in to find... these two . In fact it would have been understandable to see him sending his uncle a note attached to Ros's head via crossbow bolt reading,
Dear uncle got your gift. Next time make sure they're;
A: Actually attractive.
B. Younger than my mother
Sincerely, the ******* KING.
P.S. Dear HBO, if you want people to enjoy these titillating scenes involving nothing and going nowhere cast women that are actually, you know, hot.
Sincerely, the demographic you feel needs scene after scene of naked pointless whores.
1011	Oberyn King	2012-04-23	We don't need to add hooker abuse to the "why I hate Joffrey" list.  He killed Ned Stark, killed Roberts' bastards and keeps bullying poor sweet Sansa. Even non-book viewers would hate him just for that. 
But I must say Jack Gleeson was great in that scene.
1012	Tears of Lys	2012-04-23	That wasn't her. The woman we saw in this show was in a previous episode where Ros is showing her around Littlefingers Brothel blabbering on about how Lord Balish  runs a fancy establishment shortly before the baby is stabbedI think I'm beginning to see the point of this scene and the baby killing scene in the brothel, actually.  Cersei and her crazy-ass son are having a negative effect on Littlefinger's business.  It makes sense that he'd plot against them, which wasn't that clear in the books, TBH.  In the books it almost seemed like he was some Loki who liked chaos for chaos' sake.
1013	Fez	2012-04-23	I think I'm beginning to see the point of this scene and the baby killing scene in the brothel, actually.  Cersei and her crazy-ass son are having a negative effect on Littlefinger's business.  It makes sense that he'd plot against them, which wasn't that clear in the books, TBH.  In the books it almost seemed like he was some Loki who liked chaos for chaos' sake.But that's kinda the point of Littlefinger. He doesn't have a real plan, he just sows chaos and tries to profit from it anyway he can. He knows that as such a minor noble he'd never rise above Master of Coin when Westeros is stable; its only when the system is falling about that he can advance himself.As for this scene, I really didn't like it.  I think Joffrey's sadism has been pretty well established (and I swear to god if they decide to show him with a cat and a dagger I'm done) and if they didn't they could've stretched out the Sansa court scene instead.  This was just a waste of time, especially since the episode was only 50 minutes long. That was precious time that could've been better used elsewhere.  And if they really wanted, they could've showed the start of the scene and then Joffrey with a really evil smirk and then cut to the Hound standing outside the door while we hear crying and screaming for a few seconds.  Still gets the point across and saves time.
1014	servethe_Realm	2012-04-23	Tears of Lys, good observation. I didnt put that together.
I thought the scene was a little much.
1015	Independent George	2012-04-23	That scene was way too much. The idea behind it is fine, but there was absolutely no need to linger on it. They could very easily have just cut away right after he orders her to hit harder with the belt; staying with the scene (while cutting down the parlay in an already shortened episode) just tells me that D & D actually get off on this stuff as much as Joffrey does.
1016	Rohanne	2012-04-23	I thought they should have omitted the whore scene and should have focused on  Sansa. By reducing the beating we miss the Hound's disagreement. 
When I heard about the whore scene I thought they would be having sex and that seemed out of character for him. His lust seems for power and fear, not sexual. I did not think he was "turned on" by the beating. I took it as he wanted to get back at his uncle for stopping him earlier. We know how much they despise each other.
					
					
							Edited by Rohanne, 23 April 2012 - 03:10 PM.
1017	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	This was just a waste of time, especially since the episode was only 50 minutes long.This is why some of the decisions have bugged me as they have - it has been established that Joffrey is an evil bastard, how much more does it need to be reinforced?  If the series was 22 episodes for the year, then this probably wouldn't have bugged me as much because the cost in time wouldn't be nearly as large.  Next week is half way through the season.
1018	the Scorpion Knight	2012-04-23	IT's ok but not how I would have dealt with joffrey's depravity
I would have had done where following scene: 
myrcella and tommen knock on sansa's door ask if they can spent the next night(s) with her. and then we see myrcella throwing a bloody loincloth into the fire. 
maybe some bruises,  myrcella asks if Robb will spare her and tommen
1019	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-23	I'm not a huge fan of all the sex and nudity, but it's in the books and this is HBO, so I've learned to deal with it.  It comes with the territory.
But I had to fast forward through most of this scene.  I caught enough to understand what was going on, and I stopped at certain points that looked like dialogue, but otherwise, there was no need to see it.  Count me among those who would have rather seen the scene with Sansa go a little longer and include more details from the books than waste time on that filth.  Completely unnecessary.
1020	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	Also i lol'd when i saw they re-used Pycelle's whore. I mean come on Tyrion, you could have gotten someone new. I also thought he was gonna have sex with them after the beating
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 23 April 2012 - 12:00 PM.
1021	Ser Chuck	2012-04-23	I think they thought torturing a hooker was more tv friendly than an attempted massacre of cute animals. Isn't that what he did with his crossbow in the books?
1022	Strider	2012-04-23	1)  Yes, we all know that Joffrey is a wicked and mean brat, but we have not seen quite this level of sadism.  This scene was not gratuitous nor needless.  The writers chose not to show the intensity of Sansa's beating.  Instead, they had Tyrion intervene and directly confront the king.  When Joffrey protests that a king can do anything, he reminds him of what happened to the mad king (whom Joffrey is beginning to look more and more like, thus demonstrating that royal madness and brutality are not restricted to the Targaryens).2)  Joffrey then decides to exploit the gift of the whores (1) to satisfy his own sadistic desires and (2) to teach Tyrion a lesson.  Tyrion humiliated Joffrey.  Joffrey humiliates--and threatens--Tyrion, though in a less public way.  Joffrey will be the king who does whatever he wants to do; he will exercise power unrestrained by conscience, justice, and prudence.3)  The beating of the whores also brings Littlefinger into the picture.  These are his property.  We already know how he values his investments.  The king has ruined, perhaps permanently, one of his investments, thereby implicitly threatening his wealth and power.  The writers are providing motivation for Littlefinger's eventual collaboration (orchestration?) in the murder of Joffrey.  This is a different LF than we find in the books, but no use complaining about this any longer. None or little of this may be in the books, but I am convinced that the excessive number of prostitute scenes are not gratuitous sex scenes.  They have a narrative purpose.
					
					
							Edited by Strider, 23 April 2012 - 12:03 PM.
1023	EgoistMusketeer	2012-04-23	3)  The beating of the whores also brings Littlefinger into the picture.  These are his property.  We already know how he values his investments.  The king has ruined, perhaps permanently, one of his investments, thereby implicitly threatening his wealth and power.  The writers are providing motivation for Littlefinger's eventual collaboration (orchestration?) in the murder of Joffrey.  This is a different LF than we find in the books, but no use complaining about this any longer.None or little of this may be in the books, but I am convinced that the excessive number of prostitute scenes are not gratuitous sex scenes.  They have a narrative purpose.In this episode I agree with the use of the whores as well.  This entire season they are slowly giving littlefinger motive to do what he does later on. (cersei threatening him on the street, Tyrion making false promises to him, now Joffrey messing with his business) and I think its beneficial to give littlefinger more motive because in SoS after the purple wedding he just kind of says "sometimes you need to shake things up" obv not in those words but either way its not very convincing to me.
1024	The Smiling Eye	2012-04-23	Tyrion is a bastard. He gave her 2 coins for her troubles then puts her under danger with Joffrey, she didn't even do anything. I thought he'd have more insight then that, he's supposed to be a good judge of character.
1025	David Selig	2012-04-23	The king has ruined, perhaps permanently, one of his investments, thereby implicitly threatening his wealth and power. The writers are providing motivation for Littlefinger's eventual collaboration (orchestration?) in the murder of Joffrey. Oh, come on, it doesn't make sense for someone so rich and powerful like LF to organise a regicide just because one of his prostitutes was abused and (possibly) unable to do her job anymore. It would be incredibly petty and a huge overreaction.
1026	Rohanne	2012-04-23	I guess the question I still have is why not show the intensity of Sansa's beating? Tyrion still rescued her from possibly more beating in the book. That scene would have had more weight if they would have shown it like it was in the book. Of course, they wouldn't have had to show her topless, but kept her in her corset like they did.
1027	Scooby	2012-04-23	although I thought the whore scene was very unnecessary, to some degree it had a point.  Joff is King, a king can do what he likes and he is showing his uncle this by doing whatever he feels like doing.  This uncle humiliated him in court, Joff couldn't let that stand.  From a character building point of view I get why they did it.  I agree, I think the main focus of the scene is being lost.  I did not view it as overtly sexual, but more a message Joff was sending to Tyrion.   As evidenced by the whore saying she would go tell Tyrion what he had done, and he said she better or he would hurt her too.  There is an underlying theme in the books of "Joff is the Mad King come again", however, it would seem that this is more punishment for Tyrion interupting Joff's fun at court than anything else.
1028	Lady Octarina	2012-04-23	My only problem with the scene was that it took time from things I would rather have watched for longer (Stannis, for instance). And, yes, I too had hoped he would rid us of Ros once and for all. Also, I don't understand what was the purpose of that if they didn't show Tyrion's reaction to what Joffrey had done - or will that happen next episode? 
Well, when we read the books it's not hard to figure out the kind of sadistic brat Joffrey is, but on screen (and, most of all, on HBO) they have to exaggerate those things, it's inevitable. And the obvious parallels with Aerys are necessary too, might help explain why Tyrion and Jaime won't be sorry to see him dead for one thing. I only wish they would put more emphasis in his relationship with Cersei, in Cersei refusing to see the kind of monster her son became. Oh, and his cruelty will only make us love Tommen even more when the time for that comes, and nothing is more legitimate than that!
1029	Joffrey	2012-04-23	At least one bonus of this little deviation was when Tyrion told Bronn to kill Meryn if he opened his mouth again.
Awesome.
And they (HBO) seem to be fluffing up Tyrion simultaneously (with their painting of Joffrey) in prepping the audience for when Stannis' army shows up at Kings Landing and Tyrion's bravery.
1030	Dru	2012-04-23	I liked the scene actually. My wife who isn't a book reader said, "I didn't like Joffrey, but now I just want his ass dead. Tell me he dies slowly." I laughed for a good 15 min and had to pause the show.
1031	Rookie_Rider	2012-04-23	I agree, the show writers are really making Joffrey into a much bigger turd than he ever was in the books.  And while I appreciate gratuitous nudity, this one was not needed.  We already know Joffrey is a really bad boy.  There was no need for this scene.  All it did was take time away from the other characters.
1032	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-23	I didn't see any reason for that scene.
Even the non-readers are by now well aware that Geoffrey is a psycho and sociopath. And one more scene like this doesn't tell us anything new.
Only reason for that scene is to add a little more sex. And, believe me, I don't have anything against sex scenes (au contraire, as Del Boy would say /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> ). Books are full of them.
But , with adding the sex scenes that are not in the books we lose valuable time that could have been used to see on the screen some part of the book that was left out.
And in the prcess we don't see and learn anything new...I mean...we see that Geoffry is mad and Littlefinger is sociopath that cares only for himself (in the other episode)..like no one knew that.
					
					
							Edited by Giscard Reventlov, 23 April 2012 - 01:21 PM.
1033	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-04-23	someone explain to me what is going on in the minds of people who want to see Sansa roughed up even more. Because I honestly don't understand it.
1034	therustman	2012-04-23	Interesting responses on here. I think when its seen in Europe especially continental Europe there will be less of a 'disturbed' reaction (I'm not saying there is anything wrong with such a reaction). As a Brit I had no problem with the scene, I guess a lot of reaction is cultural. Thought it set Joffery up even more as needing to die and as the clear 'evil bad guy' which is what TV viewers will want/are used to. It will only add to the glee when he bites the dust.
As for the scene, the time could have been used better. I wouldnt describe it as a sex scene at all as that was not its purpose but it did ram the point home and was no where near as bad as it had been suggested. The violence took place off screen and it was clear Joffery was abusing his power to make a point to Tyrion.
1035	kirazikins	2012-04-23	I think this scene has a larger purpose than just emphasizing how cruel Joffery is. This scene makes it seem like Joffery is also a sexual sadist. 
We know that the Queen of Thrones will orchestrate Joffery's death. I think in the show it will be Margaery and this scene will be part of her motivation - she wouldn't want to marry a sexual sadist. Joffery seems to only be cruel to those who are weaker than him, his subjects and who he hates - Margaery as his wife probably wouldn't need fear him. BUT, if Joffery is a sexual sadist - she would not be able to escape his cruelty in the bedroom. 
Also, we know that Littlefinger is apart of this orchestration. Ros will tell LF what happened, and LF will tell Margaery. Both of them will scheme to murder Joffery, allowing Margaery to marry super nice and young Tommen.
1036	Pliny	2012-04-23	Tyrion is a bastard. He gave her 2 coins for her troubles then puts her under danger with Joffrey, she didn't even do anything. I thought he'd have more insight then that, he's supposed to be a good judge of character.I think the point of this scene is that up to this point the viewers and Tyrion  think Joffrey is, as Bronn said, a cunt.   The scene made me very uncomfortable, but it was supposed to. When Joffry has the one prostitute smack the other a bit harder- okay, he likes violence. Then Joffrey takes off his belt, and we think- there, he's human after all, just an asshole. I don't know about you, but I didn't expect he was taking off his belt to use it as a weapon. The surprise is supposed to jolt us into realizing, "this kid is not just a jerk, he's something worse." And when he handed her the scepter, I don't even want to recall what I thought he meant for her to do. At that point we (and Tyrion too, later) know he is a sociopathic monster.I've seen a lot of posters in this thread saying things like "enough already! We know he's a sadist!" but I'm not sure viewers did. Now they know what he is.To the question of "why not show more intense Sansa-beating instead?" I know it was in the books, but I just don't think it's very realistic. I think when its seen in Europe especially continental Europe there will be less of a 'disturbed' reaction (I'm not saying there is anything wrong with such a reaction). As a Brit I had no problem with the scene, I guess a lot of reaction is cultural. What I think most found disturbing about this scene was the fear and vulnerability of the two women, and the suggestion that one women be forced to brutalize and sodomize the other with a large object. Why wouldn't Europeans find that unsettling?
1037	Rohanne	2012-04-23	I don't want to see her roughed up more for the sake of my own pleasure, but it missed a moment with Sandor that I love and they wouldn't have needed to show the second scene with Joffrey if he would have acted like he did in the original scene. I actually really love Sansa and want her out of there, no personal ill will towards her.
1038	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-04-23	I really hoped they would make the Sansa-scene longer, like it was in the book. It would've made the scene more kickass as Tyrion would've walked in and the Hound would express his disagreement. Then the scene with the whores wouldn't be necessary, as Joffrey's cruelty with Sansa would make that more than clear. 
Oh, but who am I to say this? (: My favourite character is Sansa after all, so I'm biased.
1039	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	My problem with it, as I said in the other thread, is that it completely knocks the sails out of Sansa's scene right before it. The whores are all that people are going to be talking about, and that's a problem. Sansa's a main character and her beating in front of the whole court is hugely significant, as Tyrion points out. Yet it's utterly undercut.
I don't mind that Sansa's beating was reduced in the show. Honestly, I'm not sure if I could have taken much more. It was bad enough to see the two blows, and Tyrion's intervention was timely and that whole scene was well crafted. Why they followed it up with the prostitutes is... I don't know.
1040	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-23	someone explain to me what is going on in the minds of people who want to see Sansa roughed up even more. Because I honestly don't understand it.I don't "want" to see Sansa roughed up even more.  Although she's not my favorite character, she certainly doesn't do anything to warrant the treatment Joffrey and Cersei give her.  But I think that extending the scene of her beating in the throne room would have done just as much for Joffrey and Sansa's characters, as well as possibly adding a little bit for The Hound, and the member of the Kingsguard who carried it out (was it Blount?  Or Trant?).  I don't think making Joffrey into a sexual sadist is at all necessary to our hating him and seeing him as a power-drunk, immature, psychopath who everyone wants dead or banished.  The one necessary point to that scene (Joffrey getting back at Tyrion for showing him up) could have been accomplished in any number of other ways.  Or at least less graphically.
1041	Lady Sansa Stark	2012-04-23	My problem with it, as I said in the other thread, is that it completely knocks the sails out of Sansa's scene right before it. The whores are all that people are going to be talking about, and that's a problem. Sansa's a main character and her beating in front of the whole court is hugely significant, as Tyrion points out. Yet it's utterly undercut.I don't mind that Sansa's beating was reduced in the show. Honestly, I'm not sure if I could have taken much more. It was bad enough to see the two blows, and Tyrion's intervention was timely and that whole scene was well crafted. Why they followed it up with the prostitutes is... I don't know.Oh yes, I understand you. But I think two more blows would make the scene must stronger. In the book, she was quite hurt afterwards and could barely walk. Oh well, can't wait to see more of Sansa. She and Arya are by far my favourite characters. I just can't wait to see the remaining Starks reunite someday.
					
					
							Edited by andloveisenough, 23 April 2012 - 02:15 PM.
1042	Morrigan	2012-04-23	1)  Yes, we all know that Joffrey is a wicked and mean brat, but we have not seen quite this level of sadism.  This scene was not gratuitous nor needless.  The writers chose not to show the intensity of Sansa's beating.Which is immensely stupid. Sansa is supposed to be a major character but we see the goddamn whores more than we see her on screen. It undercuts Sansa's character development.2)  Joffrey then decides to exploit the gift of the whores (1) to satisfy his own sadistic desires and (2) to teach Tyrion a lesson.  Tyrion humiliated Joffrey.  Joffrey humiliates--and threatens--Tyrion, though in a less public way.  Joffrey will be the king who does whatever he wants to do; he will exercise power unrestrained by conscience, justice, and prudence.There's plenty of material in ASoS where Joffrey acts like an evil shithead towards Tyrion and does all that. There was no need for that scene.3)  The beating of the whores also brings Littlefinger into the picture.  These are his property.  We already know how he values his investments.  The king has ruined, perhaps permanently, one of his investments, thereby implicitly threatening his wealth and power.  The writers are providing motivation for Littlefinger's eventual collaboration (orchestration?) in the murder of Joffrey.  This is a different LF than we find in the books, but no use complaining about this any longer.ROFL what? We already had a scene that showed how indifferent Littlefinger is about his whores. I doubt they'll show Littlefinger be upset about what happened to his whores. In fact I suspect they won't even show Littlefinger reacting to this at all.None or little of this may be in the books, but I am convinced that the excessive number of prostitute scenes are not gratuitous sex scenes.  They have a narrative purpose.One's allowedh his dreams, I guess. It's obvious at this point that this is just the result of D&D's bad fanfiction though.
1043	Rohanne	2012-04-23	Dragon of Valyria- You are right. The biggest problem with the whore scene was that it took away from Sansa. It probably would have also felt like they hurt her enough if there was nothing to compare it too.
					
					
							Edited by Rohanne, 23 April 2012 - 02:22 PM.
1044	Hyper	2012-04-23	Oh... I love how people complain that the "Sansa scene was cut too short"... And then complain that we saw too much of the whores getting abused later.The Sansa abuse scene went much further in the book. They shot as much as they could - and then added the whore scene to illustrate the rest of Joffrey's character. It makes sense.And to all saying "HBO has gone too far". Let me ask you this. What book series have you read? Clearly not the same one as I have. Where can I find this censored edition that everyone seems to own?
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 23 April 2012 - 02:22 PM.
1045	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	Then Joffrey takes off his belt, and we think- there, he's human after all, just an asshole. I don't know about you, but I didn't expect he was taking off his belt to use it as a weapon.Did you really expect even HBO to show a bare-butted Jackie Gleason doing a couple of  whores?  Sure, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 18 now and all, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know that that would have gone over very well. I guess they could have shown him with some sort of unexplained scarring on his backside to help explain his wickedness.
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 23 April 2012 - 02:26 PM.
1046	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	dp
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 23 April 2012 - 02:31 PM.
1047	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-04-23	This scene reminded me of that awfulness that Ramsay forced on Theon and Jeyne. Torture porn is in the books; and I think this scene fits right in with Martin's style /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> . The odd things is, I don't think they can develop Ramsay's character in quite the same way since they're already going down that road with Joff. I would think it would be repetitive. 
They clearly chose to give Sansa some agency. She made an impression by walking out of there with her head held high. If Tyrion is impressed, the audience should be as well. They aren't going to make her the sole vehicle for Joff's sadism (speaking of, I don't think Joff is a sexual sadist, maybe he's just a sadist. The whole thing appeared to be non-sexual for him).
People talking about the cruel beating of Sansa vs. the cruel beating of prostitutes - I really don't see the problem, either way, the talk isn't about the victims. It's about Joff himself.
I have a different critique of that scene; I hated the gag-inducing chivalry Tyrion displayed. If he was really chivalrous he wouldn't have sent the prostitute who he "tipped for her trouble" in Ep 3 to his disturbed nephew. So much for a "tip." So much for an "education." /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1048	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-23	Let me ask you this. What book series have you read? Clearly not the same one as I have. Why do people keep saying this awful thing?  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s incredibly demeaning, a personal ad hominem insult that has no business here.  I even seem to recall there was some moderator warning about it in another thread. Why must people inevitably descend into the same petty name-calling and insults?Oh right, because this is the Internet. Great excuse, that.
1049	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-04-23	I'm very very surprised that people are getting worked up about this. Can someone please explain to me how Joffrey getting one whore to hit another one is any worse than having Sansa beaten at regular intervals, or intending to strip her naked before the royal court? Or forcing her to look upon the head of her dead father?Perhaps the scene was a little long, but this was tempered for me by the fantastic acting of Jack Gleeson. It's just a shame we shall never have a scene with him, Alfie Allen and Tyrion all in the same room.
1050	The Second Hand	2012-04-23	I have no objection to the scene itself. Martin's world is probably even more viscious. My problem is that it didn't serve the story. It was just... there... and almost needleesly using Ros.
1051	Syseanne	2012-04-23	yeah, it kind of felt to me that they could not do to Sansa what the book does due to the actress being so young and therefore needed some whores to bring that point across.
And I did not hate the scene I do think it shows some brilliant acting. Joffrey is, in the books as well, a cruel and twisted man (or boy). He is older in the series, so I do understand that his fetish is probably even more developed than in the books, or he is more so able to live out all of the evil inside. 
However I'd just 'rather' have seen more Sansa beating. And that came out wrong...
Sansa (next to Theon) just is kind of my favorite Storyline in ACoK and I feel like it is being barely mentioned.  I was really looking forward to seeing the melon-morning-star scene and it kind of felt that the whores scene took it from me. Although, as I said before, you probably can't film such a scene with a 16 years old actress
1052	Tadco26	2012-04-23	The scene itself was reasonably well acted, plausable that Joffrey would do such a thing, and plausable that Tyrion would arrange it.  The problem is that including Tyrion's discussion with Bronn and all the set up it was a extremely long scene in an adapatation of a book that already is starved for time and has to cut so many lines of dialogue and action because of that lack of time.  If there were 20 episodes this season, the scene wouldn't bother me, but with only 10, and so many other story lines feeling like cliff note versions, I fail to see why THIS scene was more important to show than scenes that were cut from the source material.  The time could have been spent on Renly's peach and Stannis brandishing Light Bringer for the first time.  Or Stannis and Davos fully explaining the backstory of the Onion Knight so that the rotten onion comment later had more connection.  Or even allowed for Arya to escape Ser Amory at the end of last episode and get recaptured by the mountain's men this episode.  There are so many scenes that have to be cut or drastically reduced due to time, that this scene should have been cut not because it was "bad" per se, or even untrue to the characters, but because there are more important and interesting scenes that could have been included instead.  It was extremely wasteful screen time wise in relation to what it did to further the story along.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 23 April 2012 - 02:57 PM.
1053	Hyper	2012-04-23	Why do people keep saying this awful thing?  Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s incredibly demeaning, a personal ad hominem insult that has no business here.  I even seem to recall there was some moderator warning about it in another thread. Why must people inevitably descend into the same petty name-calling and insults?Oh right, because this is the Internet. Great excuse, that.People keep saying it because there is a systemic pattern on this forum (and ASOIAF fandom in general) of people not recalling how sexual, sadist, and violent (often all three at once) the books can be. And these people are quite insistent - Even when quoted with evidence.So what would you prefer to be called instead, if you take umbrage at this?If you claim something that does not match the evidence, you will be called on it. Even on the internet.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 23 April 2012 - 02:52 PM.
1054	Rohanne	2012-04-23	I understand if the directors did not want to go too far with Sansa seeing how Sophie is only 16. I also do not feel Joffrey was out of character with the following scene, but wasn't convinced it was necessary. I know what is in the books though, so hard to know what a non-reader needs to be shown in order to get the same effect.
1055	The Knight of Grasses	2012-04-23	TV/Film and books are two very different media.  Maybe I'm unique, but I find it much less graphic to read about these things than to see them.  I don't know what kind of reader or viewer that makes me, it just is.  
My problem with the scene is that it was needlessly graphic.  The story would have been better served if Sansa had received more abuse (not necessarily being stripped nude) at Joffrey's behest and the whore scene left out entirely.  Joffrey could have taken out his displeasure over Tyrion's interference in one of any number of ways.
The book had as many pages as GRRM wanted to tell his story.  He could have made them even longer if he wanted.  The TV show has a very limited window to tell the story and develop characters.  This scene was a waste of time, in my opinion.
1056	Blangadanger	2012-04-23	I'm sorry, but I didn't see this scene as sexual deviance. Joffrey clearly hates Tyrion's gift and wants to show his uncle that he holds more power than him. I did not feel that Joffrey was enjoying the beating in a sexual way; he simply wanted to humiliate the prostitutes and his uncle. That's the sole reason for this scene, not to make you hate him (because the audience certainly does already). I think it's also important to note that we never actually see any of the beatings; it takes place in our imaginations from the sounds we hear.
That being said, the scene was at the line, if not over it, in its depiction of violence. I do think a reaction towards Tyrion was necessary (especially since he's much older in the show than in the book), but could they have shown a different scene to get the same point across? Yes.
1057	Narayan	2012-04-23	TV/Film and books are two very different media.  Maybe I'm unique, but I find it much less graphic to read about these things than to see them.  I don't know what kind of reader or viewer that makes me, it just is.  My problem with the scene is that it was needlessly graphic.  The story would have been better served if Sansa had received more abuse (not necessarily being stripped nude) at Joffrey's behest and the whore scene left out entirely.  Joffrey could have taken out his displeasure over Tyrion's interference in one of any number of ways.The book had as many pages as GRRM wanted to tell his story.  He could have made them even longer if he wanted.  The TV show has a very limited window to tell the story and develop characters.  This scene was a waste of time, in my opinion.Why was it needlessly graphic I wonder?To me this was a good scene because it made me feel extremely uncomfortable with what was going on and that was the point of the scene and also the reason why it needed to be this graphic.I don't think any scene before this one has made me really feel this much revulsion towards TV Joffrey. So I felt this scene was perfect I don't mind being made uncomfortable by the things i watch.And seeing the producers are looking at this as a season by season project instead of the bigger picture we see as book readers they need to set up Joffrey as this larger then life psycho so his dead will be extremely satisfying for the viewers.
1058	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	Oh yes, I understand you. But I think two more blows would make the scene must stronger. In the book, she was quite hurt afterwards and could barely walk. Oh well, can't wait to see more of Sansa. She and Arya are by far my favourite characters. I just can't wait to see the remaining Starks reunite someday.I think it would have been perfectly strong enough (it was quite a well done scene) if it weren't immediately followed up by something that most members of the audience feel like is far worse of an abuse of power. I don't really have a problem with how vile Joffrey's prostitute scene was, I have a problem with it existing at all.
1059	Tadco26	2012-04-23	And seeing the producers are looking at this as a season by season project instead of the bigger picture we see as book readers they need to set up Joffrey as this larger then life psycho so his dead will be extremely satisfying for the viewers.Do they really NEED to though?  Most viewers already hate Joffrey and he has plenty of scenes directly from the book that illustrate what type of person he is between now and his death.  More importantly do they NEED to show this scene over showing Stannis brandish Light Bringer and Renly with his peach?  Or Davos and Stannis explaining exactly how Davos became the Onion Knight?  Or Arya wandering with her pack of Gendry, Hot Pie and Lommy after escaping Ser Amory, only to get caught by the Mountain's men?  There are so many scenes from the book that have to be cut or drastically reduced due to time, so it is pretty difficult for me to accept that this scene was "needed" when so many better scenes have to be cut or turned into cliff note versions of the original.
1060	Narayan	2012-04-23	Do they really NEED to though?  Most viewers already hate Joffrey and he has plenty of scenes directly from the book that illustrate what type of person he is between now and his death.  More importantly do they NEED to show this scene over showing Stannis brandish Light Bringer and Renly with his peach?  Or Davos and Stannis explaining exactly how Davos became the Onion Knight?  Or Arya wandering with her pack of Gendry, Hot Pie and Lommy after escaping Ser Amory, only to get caught by the Mountain's men?  There are so many scenes from the book that have to be cut or drastically reduced due to time, so it is pretty difficult for me to accept that this scene was "needed" when so many better scenes have to be cut or turned into cliff note versions of the original.Aside from Renly who isn't even that important in the book. There will be plenty of time to show Stannis brandishing lightbringer and letting us get to know these other characters better in the following seasons and episodes. Would i have liked seeing some of the stuff you mention you bet but I can understand why it's been left out or will be expanded on later.
1061	Travy1991	2012-04-23	I am not sure Sophie does topless stuff.Missed the Hound's reaction, tho he is the one who puts his cloak over her.Now wasn't it Tyrion, in the novel, who stopped all that nonsense?I doubt Sophie is allowed to do topless stuff as she is only 15/16 years old.
1062	ShadowRaven	2012-04-23	This is a tv adaption, many non-book readers don't know the extent of Joffrey's craziness, so the tv producers want to display what a character he is.
1063	teemo	2012-04-23	Well, I've been thinking about this, and you also have to consider that Joffrey is somewhat of a fan favorite.  Not like viewers love him, but love to hate on him.  Anyone I talk to about the show just can't get over what a little shit he is.  Maybe the writers think, "Hey, we can get some T&A in one scene while showing how crazy Joffrey is.  People will love that!"  That's not what I personally love, but I guess I can see where they're coming from....I would have honestly preferred an extended scene with Sansa.  They could have shown Dontos and the watermelon and how Joffrey wasn't pleased with that amount of humiliation and wanted more.  We could have heard more punching sounds from Meryn and Sansa's screaming.  Not that I like to Sansa get beat up (she's one of my favorite characters), but it would have been more true to the book and that stupid, drawn-out whore scene could have been chopped.  And honestly, if they're going to do the whore scene, go further with it.  Have Joffrey kill Ros with a crossbow and send her head to Tyrion.  Then we kill one bird with two stones - Ros is dead and Joff is more horrific than ever.
1064	LordMarani	2012-04-23	I'd say the Sansa beating was cut back, both to spare the viewers the sight and to make Tyrion arrive "just in time", not too late.
Afterwards, they probably felt that Tyrion "educating" Joffrey without any consequences for the rest of the episode didn't work, it would look like Tyrion had control over Joffrey and was keeping him in line. So the whore scene was added to clearly show what would have happened to Sansa without intervention, and to show that Joffrey is still out of control and sending Tyrion a message.
The only thing I felt was really missing was Cleganes protest, even if Sansa wasn't that badly beaten at all - IIRC, he was even smiling, which would be totally out of character.
I felt sorry for the actor playing Joffrey, they really tested his limits. Theres only so many scenes you can stomach playing the crazy sadist in increasingly disturbing scenes.
1065	DannySpud	2012-04-23	This was my "favourite" scene in the episode. There was never going to be as much detail in the show as there was in the books, so the important things need to get stressed. Joff needed a douche-boost this season. He's been a dick this season, but in ways that you can kind of see his reasoning. Having the whore scene on top of the Sansa stripping scene completely hammers home how much of a creep Joff is. When it comes to the purple wedding in season 3/4 the audience has to be completely 100% aware that this guy is a complete arse-wipe.
1066	Tadco26	2012-04-23	Aside from Renly who isn't even that important in the book. There will be plenty of time to show Stannis brandishing lightbringer and letting us get to know these other characters better in the following seasons and episodes. Would i have liked seeing some of the stuff you mention you bet but I can understand why it's been left out or will be expanded on later.There will be plenty of time to show Joffrey as well.  The scene would have been perfect in an extended directors cut dvd, but it was one of, if not the longest scene in the entire show counting Tyrion and Bronn's discussion prior and the Hound and Joffrey before Joffrey goes in the room.  Game of Thrones just doesn't really need "filler" scenes when there is so much brilliant book content to cover that they can't possibly get to it all even if they didn't feel the need to make up completely original scenes not related to book content.
1067	Dornish	2012-04-23	Regardless of how far it went the scene was needlessly redundant and there's no chance they couldn't have done something better with the time. We know Joff's a monster. They literally had him kill babies in the first episode, and the scene immediately preceding the one in question re-established his status as biggest shit in the known universe.
1068	Envie	2012-04-23	Well, I've been thinking about this, and you also have to consider that Joffrey is somewhat of a fan favorite.  Not like viewers love him, but love to hate on him.  Anyone I talk to about the show just can't get over what a little shit he is.  Maybe the writers think, "Hey, we can get some T&A in one scene while showing how crazy Joffrey is.  People will love that!"  That's not what I personally love, but I guess I can see where they're coming from....I would have honestly preferred an extended scene with Sansa.  They could have shown Dontos and the watermelon and how Joffrey wasn't pleased with that amount of humiliation and wanted more.  We could have heard more punching sounds from Meryn and Sansa's screaming.  Not that I like to Sansa get beat up (she's one of my favorite characters), but it would have been more true to the book and that stupid, drawn-out whore scene could have been chopped.  And honestly, if they're going to do the whore scene, go further with it.  Have Joffrey kill Ros with a crossbow and send her head to Tyrion.  Then we kill one bird with two stones - Ros is dead and Joff is more horrific than ever.This.  Completely 100% agree with your view on this. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Also, as others have said - I believe the producers may have decided to add a different way for Joffrey to be a 'sadistic monster' (as if we didn't already know that by now) because they were cutting out most of the 'beating' scenes with Sansa. If you recall from the book, poor Sansa's abuses went on for quite awhile until Tyrion found out and put a stop to it. Since they played that card already this season, there won't be anymore Sansa abuse scenes and they've got to find other ways to keep Joffrey's reputation building. Also remember, coming up soon is where Joffrey is mobbed in public while riding with the royal procession through King's Landing. The 'commonfolk' hate him (and now with the bastard slayings they have good reason to for the show too). Joffrey's now a baby slayer and a whore abuser as well ... without all of the other behind the scenes stuff from the books (the animal tortures and continued abuse of Sansa) most viewers may not see as clearly why he's so hated. In the books he just came across as a spoiled brat who ended up abusing power to hurt Sansa, but in the show he's truly a sadistic monster who isn't afraid to do anything and doesn't even realize it will eventually be his own undoing. He honestly isn't taking Tyrion's lesson about the mad king's demise at all to heart.
1069	Hyper	2012-04-23	I'd say the Sansa beating was cut back, both to spare the viewers the sight and to make Tyrion arrive "just in time", not too late.Afterwards, they probably felt that Tyrion "educating" Joffrey without any consequences for the rest of the episode didn't work, it would look like Tyrion had control over Joffrey and was keeping him in line. So the whore scene was added to clearly show what would have happened to Sansa without intervention, and to show that Joffrey is still out of control and sending Tyrion a message.This. 100% Agreement.
1070	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-23	Have Joffrey kill Ros with a crossbow and send her head to Tyrion.  Then we kill one bird with two stones - Ros is dead and Joff is more horrific than ever.Why aren't you writing this show?
1071	Queen Regent	2012-04-23	Maybe this is how they are bringing in the Layala's beaten whore (can't remember her name) to Tyrion??  That was what I thought they were doing when I watched it.  Since they aren't using the brothel as Tyrion's way out to see Shae, maybe this is how they get to beat a whore?
1072	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-23	I'm with the people who wanted to see more of the Sansa being beaten.  Not because I liked her getting beaten...I hated it, it was a very cringe worthy moment in the book that was very important to directly show how badly Sansa had it, and how the knights of Kings Landing weren't very "Knightly" which makes Sandor's opinion of Knighthood so much more relevant with him sort of sticking up for Sansa.
It's meant more to the story that just showing Joffery being a sick little cunt of a king. It effects the development of other characters.
1073	Brucolac	2012-04-23	I don't see why people think him ordering the bastard's deaths is worse then him sending someone after Bran.  I don't think the show is ever going to reveal that so I don't have a problem with him getting the blame for the bastards-something Cersei did atleast to a certain extent in the books.  They just changed the culprits.  
I kind of like the scene in the books where he is trying to shoot rabbits with the crossbow in the gardens, and wish they had just kept that instead of him threatening a whore with one while she beats another.  It was a nice mix of sadistic incompetence.
1074	towerofjoy	2012-04-23	Perhaps they're saving the bunny scene for when Littlefinger gets back, he had a great quip about hoping everyone liked rabbit since the Red Keep would soon be overrun (since Joff was such a bad shot).
I actually think they may have been forced to pull back on the Sansa beating not only because of Sophie's age, but also because of the perceived age of her character. In the books she starts out as 11, in the show 13-14. That's still too young to have anything too risque. I don't think this is a US rule but a British one, IIRC D&D and GRRM were interviewed about the need to age the children because of this.
1075	Morvran	2012-04-23	I have to think that just as they're establishing Joffrey to be even more sadistic and nasty than in the books, they're also giving him a little more in the 'smarts' department.  He's learning how to play the game of thrones, albeit in his own way.  He's not just running around being a little prick...he's also trying to outsmart the other players.  Now if it turns out that was just a random scene to make him seem nastier I'll be disappointed.
1076	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	This scene reminded me of that awfulness that Ramsay forced on Theon and Jeyne. Torture porn is in the books; and I think this scene fits right in with Martin's style /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> . The odd things is, I don't think they can develop Ramsay's character in quite the same way since they're already going down that road with Joff. I would think it would be repetitive.They clearly chose to give Sansa some agency. She made an impression by walking out of there with her head held high. If Tyrion is impressed, the audience should be as well. They aren't going to make her the sole vehicle for Joff's sadism (speaking of, I don't think Joff is a sexual sadist, maybe he's just a sadist. The whole thing appeared to be non-sexual for him).People talking about the cruel beating of Sansa vs. the cruel beating of prostitutes - I really don't see the problem, either way, the talk isn't about the victims. It's about Joff himself.I have a different critique of that scene; I hated the gag-inducing chivalry Tyrion displayed. If he was really chivalrous he wouldn't have sent the prostitute who he "tipped for her trouble" in Ep 3 to his disturbed nephew. So much for a "tip." So much for an "education." /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />To be honest, Ramsay is going to be flaying people alive. Joff is the tip of the iceberg.
1077	Envie	2012-04-23	Also, to think that the entire ship and shboodle was necessary to the scene is to misunderstand the importance of the scene, I feel.I agree with this too. There wasn't really any need to strip Sansa's dress completely down to her waist as was done in the book. The idea is to convey that she's being really cruelly abused and humiliated in front of the entire court - and the scene certainly conveyed that without any doubt.
1078	Leto Atreides	2012-04-23	That scene was a huge waste of time. There are so many things happening in a Clash of Kings, I can't believe the writers wastes 10-15 minutes per episode on scenes like that.
If they really wanted to show for the 101th times that Joffrey is cruel, they could have made Tyrion send a single whore to him and then show us a short scene where she returns to Tyrion all bruised and bloody. That would have had the same effect in less than 2 minutes.
1079	Holmes	2012-04-23	The major flaw with the scene is not Joff sending a message to Tyrion, it's Tyrion sending the same damn whore from Pycelle's room to Joff after paying her double.  He's got to know that's it's a bad idea.
Actually, the whole damn scene is flawed now that I think about it.
1. See above
2. He's the king.  Get him some hot whores.  Not chinless ones or 30 year-olds.  Every single woman in Sparatcus is hotter than every woman in GoT.  Time to even the score.
3. It's kind of a rip-off of the Pulp Fiction scene where Butch is selecting his weapon.
4. The purpose of D and D's scene here could have been much better served with him shooting rabbits or even worse, kittens.  Seriously.  I'd get super irate at Joff for crossbowing a kitten.  Way more than Roz or the chinless one.
OTOH, if their plan was just to make the audience uncomfortable, then mission accomplished;
					
					
							Edited by Holmes, 23 April 2012 - 09:27 PM.
1080	Keep Shelly in Athens	2012-04-23	OTOH, if their plan was just to make the audience uncomfortable, then mission accomplished;I think that was the plan, but making audiences uncomfortable has been going on for a long time in drama. To my mind D&D aren't contributing anything new to the art form but they are trying to see how far they can go with this--pushing our buttons, hoping that it makes us examine our own lives and wrestle with things. You know, to be provocative, maybe? I think the sex, violence, and violent sex is a mode of action for them--it's not the goal. In this last dreary ep, they seem like they're trying to revive the Grand Guignol. Fantasy that's the lowest of the low to contrast the high. A theater of cruelty.
					
					
							Edited by Keep Shelly in Athens, 23 April 2012 - 10:00 PM.
1081	Holmes	2012-04-23	Well any way you slice it, they wont be able to top GRRM vis a vis the famous ADWD scene.  So I say delete Roz and skewer rabbits.
1082	flame7926	2012-04-23	My dad who watches the show already hates Joffrey and he might stop watching because of this, just too graphic and gratuitous.
1083	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	Who are you delicate flowers who thought this scene was just "way too much"?
Scary?  Yes. Disturbing? Of course. Beyond the pale??? Hardly... you don't actually see anything. They didn't even do what everyone THOUGHT they'd do with that torture instrument. Remember, this is HBO where hookers were routinely beaten and murdered with bare hands on "The Sopranos" and "The Wire"
I can't believe any reader of a series of books so violent, gruesome and depraved as ASoIaF would balk at the *off screen* beating of a prostitute. Really? That's the most shocking thing that's ever happened in all of Westeros? Re-read Arya's chapters in ACoK and ASoS and tell me that again.....
1084	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	It wasn't even the most gruesome thing in the episode, actually. The Tickler was far worse, if you really think about it.
1085	Brucolac	2012-04-23	For me, it is just a problem of what you dedice to spend screen time on.   I think creating a scene with the whores over using the one with rabbits was a poor choice, and i do think it was to fill a nudity quota.  I don't have a problem with that as much as I have a problem with selection, and no I didn't want want to see Sansa stripped and beaten more severly-I wanted to see Joffrey trying to shoot rabbits with a crossbow.   Not only is it cruel, it is the wrong tool for the task, and he his bad at it, which pretty much sums him up perfectly.
1086	teemo	2012-04-23	Who are you delicate flowers who thought this scene was just "way too much"?Scary?  Yes. Disturbing? Of course. Beyond the pale??? Hardly... you don't actually see anything. They didn't even do what everyone THOUGHT they'd do with that torture instrument. Remember, this is HBO where hookers were routinely beaten and murdered with bare hands on "The Sopranos" and "The Wire"I can't believe any reader of a series of books so violent, gruesome and depraved as ASoIaF would balk at the *off screen* beating of a prostitute. Really? That's the most shocking thing that's ever happened in all of Westeros? Re-read Arya's chapters in ACoK and ASoS and tell me that again.....I was actually disappointed that it didn't go further than that.  Like I suggested earlier, Joff killing Ros with a crossbow and sending her head to Tyrion would have been great.  Not only would Ros be gone and mission accomplished of Joffrey being evil (duh), but it would have been a big FU to Tyrion, which is what he wanted.  But there will probably be more to add to this little story next week.  IIRC, in the promos it showed Joffrey kind of torturing or doing something to Ros that was making her cry.  Maybe he will kill her.  There's always hope.
1087	The Second Hand	2012-04-23	I agree with this too. There wasn't really any need to strip Sansa's dress completely down to her waist as was done in the book. The idea is to convey that she's being really cruelly abused and humiliated in front of the entire court - and the scene certainly conveyed that without any doubt.It didn't help, though, that there was an overhead shot that featured only five people. So not that many people...
1088	teemo	2012-04-23	Yeah, it couldn't have hurt to add a few more people in there to add to the humiliation.
1089	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	I agree. The throne room should have been more full than that. When I read that chapter in the book I assumed that most of the Royal Court was witness to it and did nothing, which adds to the disgrace of the scene.
1090	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	Have we ever seen a properly full court? The throne room scenes have always seemed rather sparse.
1091	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	That, my friend, is called budget. A concept that sometimes dawns, but apparently not at others.
1092	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-24	Damn, I'm sure they could find a few free extras to do those throne room scenes. Probably a lot of people would do this just to be in an episode of a top cable show.
1093	miguel sanchez	2012-04-24	I thought it was a great scene. There are so many excellent cases in the book of Joffrey's despicable, cowardly, heartless abuses of authority that haven't been in the show. This scene nicely made up for it. With the added bonus of the Joffrey/Tyrion tension beginning to rise.
I did NOT like Joffrey ordering the killing the bastards notion, simply for the fact that it reeeeeaaallly should have been Cersei to give that order.
I guess they're saving some big reveals about Cersei's wickedness for 
	Spoiler later on when she sends innocent and already grieving people down to Qyburn to be tortured
1094	Brucolac	2012-04-24	I don't think we are going to se sociopath Cersei- they have portrayed her in a more sympothetic light since episode 1.
1095	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	Damn, I'm sure they could find a few free extras to do those throne room scenes. Probably a lot of people would do this just to be in an episode of a top cable show.It's a SAG thing. You can't put someone in a costume, have them film for nine hours, and then not pay them. Even if they aren't with SAG, it's incredibly immoral and essentially cruel. However, the budget on this show is always going to be a problem -- mainly because the budget is directly affected by the inconsistency of David and Dan. I guarantee that Blackwater will be, in total, five or six minutes of loud fighting, one or two tracking shots, and a final overview of the ships laying in crumbles. Then, an unnamed soldier will shout some exposition -- the outcome of the battle -- and then that's the end.Sorry. That was a monologue.
					
					
							Edited by The Second Hand, 24 April 2012 - 12:28 AM.
1096	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-24	I don't think we are going to se sociopath Cersei- they have portrayed her in a more sympothetic light since episode 1.Once Joffrey and Tywin die and Tyrion flees to Essos, Cersei is completely left to her own devices with no check on her ever growing madness. The season that covers her chapters in AFFC is going to show the audience what a completely despicable, vile woman she is. There's no way the writers can soften up Cersei's chapters in that book. I, for one, look forward to the Cersei vs. Margaery dialogue from AFFC to be shown on the screen. Lena Headey and Natalie Dormer will be perfectly matched against each other.
1097	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	That, my friend, is called budget. A concept that sometimes dawns, but apparently not at others.That was my point. It was hardly exceptional, in other words. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1098	Brucolac	2012-04-24	Yeah, you just don't see big scenes like that in TV or even movies anymore unless it is all CGI.   They did Rob's most recent battle with less than 30 extras and only 6 actual actors.  But then they have a scene like Renly's melee with what looked like well over a hundred.   I just think they make some poor decisions on where to spend budget and screen time.
1099	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	Completely agree. I'd like to think that they are saving everything for Blackwater, but watch... just watch... Blackwater will amount to barely anything while we'll spend all of our time in church with Cersie and Sansa.
Wow. I need sleep. I'm so grumpy. It's more my passion for Martin, though. My passion, can't you see?
1100	Jakester	2012-04-24	I get that HBO wants T&A, but this isn't the T&A that most people are looking forward to (most) - whores being tortured by a 13 year old.  Wasn't him having Sansa stripped and beaten enough to show his cruelty this episode?I agree, over the top, unnecessary and a turn off to me in deciding to continue to watch the show or not. I dont want to watch constant twisted behavior. Really depraved people must LOVE watching these kind of scenes, Im sure people into torture, rape and extreme sadism, etc can get their rocks off watching this, but I'd rather pass and have a show that takes me on a journey and away from real life, not one that emphasizes all the evils in this world constantly.I think these types of scenes would be better left to the imagination, and less of them so they had more impact. We already saw him ordering babies being killed, it's enough. If they wanted to emphasize his vileness a few more smacks on Sansa would have been enough.
1101	Catastrophe	2012-04-24	For all the flak it's gotten, I actually didn't mind this scene, and I usually hate when the show adds in superfluous sex scenes. It was extremely disturbing, but that's the point, it shows just how much of a sadistic little shit Joffrey is. In the books we got to see Joffrey's horrific behavior on a day-to-day basis in Tyrion and Sansa's chapters, but since a TV show can't go into that level of detail, it works better to have a few truly horrifying scenes to showcase the depths of his depravity.
1102	Ser Sweets	2012-04-24	I actually rather approved of the scene's addition. The very fact that half the posters in this thread seem to be disgusted by the addition of the scene prove that it accomplished what it was trying to do; to me, it also offered another point of justification as to why Ros is around.I don't think it needed to be so long, though. My imagination would have actually done far worse things with that sceptre if, perhaps without the hoo-hah of crossbow, belt and overall elongation of the scene, they could have simply had him lay his eyes on the sceptre and given a wicked smirk.The scene was fine. It just didn't need to take up so much screen time.Also, I never stop being impressed by Gleeson's acting. He does such a great job as Joffrey - one of the better actors in the show, imho.
1103	Wonder	2012-04-24	I agree that it is a bit over the top, but it underlines a valuable point. That Joffrey doesn't learn and instead grow increasingly bitter. In this case particularly linked to the battle of will he just lost to Tyrion in the throne room about Sansa
1104	TheEvilKing	2012-04-24	I agree that it is a bit over the top, but it underlines a valuable point. That Joffrey doesn't learn and instead grow increasingly bitter. In this case particularly linked to the battle of will he just lost to Tyrion in the throne room about SansaYeah it's more of a petty rebellion against Tyrion than just for his own pleasure. Tyrion stopped him from doing it to Sansa, fine, he'll have this whore beaten instead. I'm King, I can do what I want.ETA: I also think it was kind of there to "make up for" the throne room scene with Sansa. For obvious reasons they can't strip her like in the books, and the audience would probably come away from that scene admiring Tyrion and pitying Sansa more than hating Joff. Thus, added scene.Also, the pent up frustration Tyrion talks about in Joffrey turns out not to be sexual, but from being restrained in his cruelty. So he takes that out on the whores rather than banging them.The more I think on it, the more in-character this scene was. Did it go too far? Maybe, it was certainly very disturbing ("what is she going to with that mace...") but it was totally in context for Joff to do that.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 24 April 2012 - 05:40 AM.
1105	BurnedCrow	2012-04-24	People, Joffrey does shit like this all the time in the books. It was more convenient for him to do it to Roz and a whore, for budget reasons (having live animals on a film shoot, or robotic ones, is costly and time wasting, if they were to try to put his crossbow shots on screen), plus it ties in with his enmity towards Tyrion.  In the books, there is mention of his frequent desire to watch men fight to the death, the frequent beatings of Sansa (if he will beat his betrothed in broad daylight, wtf do you think he is going to do when the door is closed with two whores?). He is an impulsive little monster, who happens to be King of the Seven Kingdoms.
1106	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	People, Joffrey does shit like this all the time in the books. It was more convenient for him to do it to Roz and a whore, for budget reasons (having live animals on a film shoot, or robotic ones, is costly and time wasting, if they were to try to put his crossbow shots on screen), plus it ties in with his enmity towards Tyrion.  In the books, there is mention of his frequent desire to watch men fight to the death, the frequent beatings of Sansa (if he will beat his betrothed in broad daylight, wtf do you think he is going to do when the door is closed with two whores?). He is an impulsive little monster, who happens to be King of the Seven Kingdoms.except that there is absolutely no impression to the viewer that kings landing is under any sort of danger, there's zero setup for Blackwater, I mean, tyrion hasn't started the chain yet, not has he met with the pyromancers, renly and stannis are in some distant land that hasn't really been explained and robb stark is beating the lannisters in their back yard, but no one seems the least bit concerned. kings landing is still a bunch of hookers and tricks, hanging out.  doing what they do. where is the starving city?  where is the food supply being cut off?  where's the people despising joff and tyrion?
1107	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	That scene made me sick, but didn't Joffrey shoot some of the people who were begging for food at the Red Keep's gate in the book as well? Although there is no corresponding scene in ACoK, I can see book Joffrey doing the same. The killing of the bastards bothers me a lot more because it makes no sense to me.
1108	Sam with Hooters	2012-04-24	CrypticWeirdwood wrote:Did you really expect even HBO to show a bare-butted Jackie Gleason doing a couple of whores? Sure, heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 18 now and all, but I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know that that would have gone over very well. I guess they could have shown him with some sort of unexplained scarring on his backside to help explain his wickedness.*shudder*  Jackie "Honeymooners" Gleason has been dead for years, so, no, no one wants to see that.As for the young Gleeson, however, if HBO wanted to show that he'd rather get laid than force one whore to beat the other up, it could've easily been implied rather than shown:Whore(s):  Happy nameday!Joffrey (interested, embracing): Remind me to thank my uncle for his gifts later.Fade out, next scene, no problem.
1109	Envie	2012-04-24	CrypticWeirdwood wrote:*shudder*  Jackie "Honeymooners" Gleason has been dead for years, so, no, no one wants to see that.As for the young Gleeson, however, if HBO wanted to show that he'd rather get laid than force one whore to beat the other up, it could've easily been implied rather than shown:Whore(s):  Happy nameday!Joffrey (interested, embracing): Remind me to thank my uncle for his gifts later.Fade out, next scene, no problem.[/font]I agree, seeing Joffrey having sex with whores would not have been nearly as effective as the scene they chose to do instead. Sure, lots of people have been annoyed with it in this thread, but more annoyed that it seemed unnecessary and redundant rather than disgusted or turned off. I think the running theme in many of the discussion debates which include the whore scenes or Ros seem to go that way, and if that's any majority poll indication, I think the producers should stop and listen to the fans a bit... seems most are getting a wee bit tired of all the whore scenes and would prefer to see more important storyline scenes. Yes, yes, I know - GRRM wrote lots of sex and violence too... so tell me again why exactly we need the HBO creators to add their own on top of what's already been written? We all understand visual plot devices, we get it. Some feel they're being bashed with a scepter too because apparently audiences need lots of sexual depravity to 'get it' in this show.
1110	johnnysd	2012-04-24	I think people are missing the point of this scene. It was only partly about reinforcing that Joffrey is a monster and nothing at all to do with sexposition.
A them of this weeks episode was the effect that the game of thrones and the decisions that all the key characters have on the average citizen.
We say it in several ways:
1. Robb wins a "glorious" battle to defend his father's honor and to rescue his sisters, but makes almost no thought to the thousands of common people he is killing to achieve that goal, regular people like fisherman that are thrust into battle without out really knowing which side is which and why they are even fighting. Robb, at least in this episode does not really care. He is king in the north and this was just one part of his ongoing fight.
2. Roose Bolton casually talks about flaying people to get information not caring at all about the people
3, Dany's entire khalasar faces starvation and death by thirst because of their association with the mother of dragons, when the reality is that any one of them like the bloodrider could just approach and be let in
4. Then the Joffrey scene: Ros and her associate are amongst the lowest class of Westeros but they are people with feelings and dreams. This scene showed that they were playthings for a king to do with as he pleased and they had no recourse to stop it or face death. More than demonizing Joffrey that scene was very much about humanizing the victims. I doubt any viewer cared what their professions was, but they completely empathized with the victim.
Interestingly there was a very interesting counterpoint to all of this in the episode. Stannis and Renly are at a standstill. Their armies could fight and hundred maybe thousands would die before one of them was a victor. Stannis takes another route and uses Melisandre and dark magic to take out the only noble that matters in this case and save thousands of peoples lives, yet he will likely be branded an evil man and a coward with no honor, when what he did is easily less evil than the alternative.
Of course all this ties in with one of major themes of the story. 
Jamie does the most honorable thing in the last was by killing he mad king, yet he is branded a traitor, a kingslayer and a man of no honor. While Robert leads an entire war killing thousands upon thousands of innocent people and is crowned king,
That is the purpose of this scene, and in that I think it is exrtremely successful and in line with one of the major themes of the book.
1111	voodooqueen126	2012-04-24	I think the whole Roz character is irrelevant and annoying.
Joffrey's sadism could easily be shown by having him beat Sansa frequently, this is not only in keeping with the books, but is also relevant: it doesn't matter if Joffrey sadistically tortures prostitutes, because nobody has any way of knowing that (except the Hound and Baelish), but the fact that Joffrey treated his betrothed, and the daughter of Lord Stark/a very important political hostage, in such a manner is the thing that definitively brings about his own downfall, since it is Sansa's testimony of Joffrey's evil that clinches the Tyrell desire to kill Joffrey before he has the oppurtunity to treat Margaery like that.
1112	Tadco26	2012-04-24	Some replies here have mentioned that they need to add more of Joffrey's evil actions because some of his have been cut from the book, but that ignores the fact that LOTS of stuff has been cut from the book for all the characters.  So why is this act necessary when so many other things that have been cut are not?  They already added Joffrey's unexplained murdering of his, what he believes to be, bastard step-brothers and sisters.  He has already threatened to kill his mother.  If people don't get the fact that he is evil by the time the Sansa scene is over, then they aren't really watching. 
As for getting back at Tyrion for showing him up in court, that warrants asking ourselves why Tyrion was able to stop him in the court in the first place?  In the books it's by threatening to tell his mother what he is doing which cows him, but TV Joffrey has already made it plain that he does whatever he likes and has threated to kill Cersei...  So why does TV Joffrey "allow" Tyrion to stop the beating?  Just because he has Bronn?  This is a plot hole that opens up from the changes of previous writer created scenes.  In fact I find it practically impossible to believe that TV Joffrey who appears to have the powers of a full king and no respect or curtailing from his mother, would let TV Tyrion live thru the events of Clash and Storm of Swords.  All because of simple writing changes that would have taken no longer to play out  if they followed the book.  Some how on the show we are supposed to believe that Joffrey has no regards for what Cersei says, but will be curtailed by Tyrion...
1113	Honey Badger	2012-04-24	I wish HBO never went through the Rome/Deadwood debacle where they overspent and had to go around canceling stuff not named The Wire.  We see the consequences of a weakened HBO with 10 episode seasons with only a 50 minute episode.  Might as well add commercial breaks at this rate.
The whore beating scene wouldn't be so bad with 13 episodes and a 110 minute run time each.  But with the condensed budget, it's getting grating with Ros.  End her life already, because I didn't like the shortened Sansa scene, and the rushed parley sucked.  It wasn't even a peach; Renly picked up an apple and bit before ever meeting Stannis.
1114	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-24	I think people are missing the point of this scene. It was only partly about reinforcing that Joffrey is a monster and nothing at all to do with sexposition.A them of this weeks episode was the effect that the game of thrones and the decisions that all the key characters have on the average citizen.We say it in several ways:1. Robb wins a "glorious" battle to defend his father's honor and to rescue his sisters, but makes almost no thought to the thousands of common people he is killing to achieve that goal, regular people like fisherman that are thrust into battle without out really knowing which side is which and why they are even fighting. Robb, at least in this episode does not really care. He is king in the north and this was just one part of his ongoing fight.2. Roose Bolton casually talks about flaying people to get information not caring at all about the people3, Dany's entire khalasar faces starvation and death by thirst because of their association with the mother of dragons, when the reality is that any one of them like the bloodrider could just approach and be let in4. Then the Joffrey scene: Ros and her associate are amongst the lowest class of Westeros but they are people with feelings and dreams. This scene showed that they were playthings for a king to do with as he pleased and they had no recourse to stop it or face death. More than demonizing Joffrey that scene was very much about humanizing the victims. I doubt any viewer cared what their professions was, but they completely empathized with the victim.Interestingly there was a very interesting counterpoint to all of this in the episode. Stannis and Renly are at a standstill. Their armies could fight and hundred maybe thousands would die before one of them was a victor. Stannis takes another route and uses Melisandre and dark magic to take out the only noble that matters in this case and save thousands of peoples lives, yet he will likely be branded an evil man and a coward with no honor, when what he did is easily less evil than the alternative.Of course all this ties in with one of major themes of the story.Jamie does the most honorable thing in the last was by killing he mad king, yet he is branded a traitor, a kingslayer and a man of no honor. While Robert leads an entire war killing thousands upon thousands of innocent people and is crowned king,That is the purpose of this scene, and in that I think it is exrtremely successful and in line with one of the major themes of the book.Very subtle read of the episode, good post.
1115	Envie	2012-04-24	As for getting back at Tyrion for showing him up in court, that warrants asking ourselves why Tyrion was able to stop him in the court in the first place?  In the books it's by threatening to tell his mother what he is doing which cows him, but TV Joffrey has already made it plain that he does whatever he likes and has threated to kill Cersei...  So why does TV Joffrey "allow" Tyrion to stop the beating?  Just because he has Bronn?  This is a plot hole that opens up from the changes of previous writer created scenes.  In fact I find it practically impossible to believe that TV Joffrey who appears to have the powers of a full king and no respect or curtailing from his mother, would let TV Tyrion live thru the events of Clash and Storm of Swords.  All because of simple writing changes that would have taken no longer to play out  if they followed the book.  Some how on the show we are supposed to believe that Joffrey has no regards for what Cersei says, but will be curtailed by Tyrion...This is a really good point - especially the part I put in bold font. Since they changed how Joffrey and Cersei behave. they've created a domino effect of other necessary changes in order to convey the same thing the book did in a much more subtle way and now they're contradicting some of those changes.I know it's impossible to make the show exactly like the book. Most of the subtle character portrayals just do not translate well to screen and actors without tons and tons of additional scenes to explain it. There's no 'narrator' and they've got to limit the amount of info crammed into each episode. That being said, I have to kind of agree that they're cutting the episode short while adding these scenes that may not have been necessary.
1116	Thunderfist	2012-04-25	My main objection to this scene is that it took time away from what I feel are much more interesting and important issues. If the point of the scene was to show that Joffrey is cruel, sadistic and mad as a hatter, there are other ways that this could have been done. They could have extended the Sansa beating scene a little bit, giving the Hound a chance to get some lines in. They could also have shown Joffrey shooting the hungry beggars with his crossbow which would really make the riots in KL (when they see Myrcella off) alot more understandable, at this stage in the show we havenÂ´t really seen much that indicates that the citizens of KL are hungry, frightened and angry.
1117	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-25	I think the whole Roz character is irrelevant and annoying.Joffrey's sadism could easily be shown by having him beat Sansa frequently, this is not only in keeping with the books, but is also relevant: it doesn't matter if Joffrey sadistically tortures prostitutes, because nobody has any way of knowing that (except the Hound and Baelish), but the fact that Joffrey treated his betrothed, and the daughter of Lord Stark/a very important political hostage, in such a manner is the thing that definitively brings about his own downfall, since it is Sansa's testimony of Joffrey's evil that clinches the Tyrell desire to kill Joffrey before he has the oppurtunity to treat Margaery like that.My immediate thought from that scene was that Ros is a pretty lousy whore. By that I mean that she's not very good at the 'acting' part of the job. Sizing men up and making them feel special, and making men feel like there's a connection between them and her. Instilling empathy is pretty important in the long run, keeps you from getting tossed around, makes you more money, and lets you spend less time on your back overall. It's more than half the job for an expensive whore.Ros did put in a token effort at getting Joffrey to get into the sex more than the torture, but that was a pretty weak effort. She just dropped one comment, and it wasn't at all seductive or convincing. It was more 'that's not how you do this,' which is going to fall on deaf ears when you're talking to a spoiled young king.Now Joffrey is clearly one sick puppy, and a decent person wouldnt beat whores or Sansa. But my point isnt that Joffrey was justified. My point is that Ros is NOT an effective high-end whore. Ros upset another customer in a recent episode with her crying over the assassinated infant. That's understandable, but its also bad whoring. She also didnt seem to get it when Baelish was teaching her how to 'act' last season, in a fairly painful scene that was well discussed here.It all makes me wonder if there's any consistency with this, or if the show just isnt paying attention to Ros as a character. Did Baelish offer Ros up to Tyrion knowing that she's not well suited for Joffrey? We never saw whether Ros came back the day after her crying episode, and didnt upset any more customers. If Baelish suspected that Joffrey would beat on whoever was sent to him by Tyrion, then the whole thing could be a punishment for Ros. It would be EXACTLY the kind of repercussion that Baelish told Ros she should expect if she didnt get her act together.On the other hand, if neither Tyrion nor Baelish expected any issues with Joffrey, it diminishes both those characters a bit. Baelish should know at this point how much of a lunatic Joffrey is. Sending Ros, who Baelish should know to be a fairly inneffective whore (outside of her looks), would suggest that Baelish is not that clever.I don't know if the show accounted for any of this at all though. For all we know, they may just like putting Ros on camera because one of the producers has something going on with the actress.
1118	Neffaria	2012-04-25	The scene made me feel physically ill, but it was important to the plot. It shows just how much danger Sansa, and later Margaery, are actually in.couldnt agree with you more. I have a few friends that watched the show and I asked them if they thought it was over the top and unnecessary or gratuitous. One said he always figured joff was a jerk but thought that was more of a power hungry ruler "Im the king and a bad one at that" kind of jerk.. the fact that he did it behind closed doors made them really afraid for Sansa...they're all pretty afraid for her. which i think is good, because up till this episode they werent really getting the fact that she is pretending to still be in love. Now, especially after the beating scene and small conversation with tyrion, they got it, and then they became scared for her.I didnt like the scene, thought it was too much, and I do think that if they could have extended the Sansa beating scene and it would have had the same effect, but it is possible that b/c sophie doesnt do nudity they went about it a different way
1119	Neffaria	2012-04-25	Completely agree. I'd like to think that they are saving everything for Blackwater, but watch... just watch... Blackwater will amount to barely anything while we'll spend all of our time in church with Cersie and Sansa.Wow. I need sleep. I'm so grumpy. It's more my passion for Martin, though. My passion, can't you see?I will bet that they did save a bulk of the budget for this one, Thank god george himself is writing this episode. I for one CANNOT wait. I think it will be fantastic.
1120	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	I will bet that they did save a bulk of the budget for this one, Thank god george himself is writing this episode. I for one CANNOT wait. I think it will be fantastic.The thing about Blackwater that's so great is the buildup.   There's absolutely none yet in the series, while in the books everyone was freaking out in KL.  Tyrion thought they were dead  meat until Stannis sailed against his brother and he was well into the chain building and pyromancer visits.
1121	Neffaria	2012-04-25	fortunately in TV land that kind of build up can happen in one or two episodes. and blackwater is four away. It's really going to depend on how they treat the whole part in kings landing after they see Myrcella off. the writers have their work cut out for them, but it is possible to do it. up to this point we really havent seen too much of what is going on right outside the red keep. so it isnt too far fetched that once that is revealed it will create the neccesary tension.
1122	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	fortunately in TV land that kind of build up can happen in one or two episodes. and blackwater is four away. It's really going to depend on how they treat the whole part in kings landing after they see Myrcella off. the writers have their work cut out for them, but it is possible to do it. up to this point we really havent seen too much of what is going on right outside the red keep. so it isnt too far fetched that once that is revealed it will create the neccesary tension.hopefully, but im not very optimistic with the way things are going so far.
1123	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-25	Don't mods here send PMs when they decide to delete your post?
So sorry that I found fault with the lustful angst of those who wished to see Sansa disrobed at 15.
I guess considering the source material I should expect that there would be pedophiles amongst the fans and those who protect them.
1124	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-25	Don't mods here send PMs when they decide to delete your post?So sorry that I found fault with the lustful angst of those who wished to see Sansa disrobed at 15.I guess considering the source material I should expect that there would be pedophiles amongst the fans and those who protect them.By definition, a pedophile isn't interested in a sexually developed 15 year old. Do you really not know that, or are you intentionally using the most dispicable description imaginable for people that simply disagree with you?
1125	Nukelavee	2012-04-25	Bastard....you'll have it happen again over teh ped comment, and, no, Mod's rarely ever let you know what it was that got you edited.
Besides, I think that's a pretty extreme take on the reasoning behind why people would want that scene handled differently.  I was disappointed with the scene (and then the use of the whore scene and teh scepter to achieve the same result, but, y'know, kinkier, with tits), and I was actually hoping they didn't have Sansa stripped.
Envie- I agree with your "domino effect" reading of things...most of the changes in S1 seemed to condense things, or make clear things too drawn out or subtle for the series; in S2, so many of those types of changes seem clumsy, and likely to have big effects causing changes to the story later on, unless the writers rein in fast, and correct.
Stannis banging Mel on the table?  Hugely bad, in that it takes a plot point that is important, because it hasn't been proven, and then makes it totally concrete and central, as an example.
1126	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-25	While he may have overeacted you can see where he's coming from. You're king of all of Westeros and getting excited about this great nameday gift and walk in to find... these two . In fact it would have been understandable to see him sending his uncle a note attached to Ros's head via crossbow bolt reading,Dear uncle got your gift. Next time make sure they're;A: Actually attractive.B. Younger than my motherSincerely, the ******* KING.P.S. Dear HBO, if you want people to enjoy these titillating scenes involving nothing and going nowhere cast women that are actually, you know, hot.Sincerely, the demographic you feel needs scene after scene of naked pointless whores.I'm not sure what sex you are but I can assure you, as someone who's been a teenage male virgin, they were more than hot enough.
1127	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-25	By definition, a pedophile isn't interested in a sexually developed 15 year old. Do you really not know that, or are you intentionally using the most dispicable description imaginable for people that simply disagree with you?Hebephiles, sorry.  Pedophilia is quite more disgusting just didn't think of the appropriate term sure liking underaged teen girls.It is still legally wrong and I just felt it was amusing that some would make the case that Sansa having her gown completely torn off was necessary for the scene to work, when really they just wanted to see some firm teen tits that they legally aren't entitled to be seeing in most countries.Bastard....you'll have it happen again over teh ped comment, and, no, Mod's rarely ever let you know what it was that got you edited.Besides, I think that's a pretty extreme take on the reasoning behind why people would want that scene handled differently.  I was disappointed with the scene (and then the use of the whore scene and teh scepter to achieve the same result, but, y'know, kinkier, with tits), and I was actually hoping they didn't have Sansa stripped.I wasn't arguing that anyone who felt the scene was badly handled complained because they felt it would be better if they'd gotten Sansa nipple action, but there was a handful throughout these 8 pages who did say that it would have been better for dramatic reasons or some other such horseshit.
1128	Isabella Stark	2012-04-25	I think people have made some good arguments in favor of that Joff & the whores scene.
However, I still think it's too over the top and causes two problems:
1) It overshadows the rest of the episode and took time away from more interesting and important scenes. I also think the beating Sansa scene felt rushed. I didn't necessarily want to watch Sansa get beaten longer, but that's an important scene in Sansa's story and it got lost in the whore beating.  I think it would have been more interesting to show more of Joffrey's enjoyment of her getting beaten, other characters responses, more of what the Hound does in that scene (and I'm not even a San-San fan).
2) They've shot their wad (sorry, couldn't' think of a better expression) as far as 'Joffrey is a sadistic monster.'  If Season 3 is only going to be the 1st half of ASOS, Joffrey's going to be around until season 4.  What are they going to do with his character in that time? Are they going to keep escalating his cruelty? How?  I hate to think of what would 'top' this scene.  I would have preferred they spend that time establishing his evil in a wider variety of ways such as animal cruelty and shooting starving rioters, and escalating it more gradually.
1129	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-25	As to the Sansa disrobing they could have hired older actors to get past all that stuff. You can find an older actor that looks like a teen for example
1130	Nukelavee	2012-04-25	Actually - you know what they messed up on with those two scenes?  Joffery's character.
In the books, the point WAS Sansa's breasts, and Tyrion pointed it out, that, really, Joff wanted a look and wanted to be a dick.
IMO, it gave a bit of insight into Joff, reminded us that he was still a boy, a powerful, spoiled, vile boy, but a boy.
This?  This gave Joff too much the appearance of somebody already confident in his power, and too mature.
Having said that, I think the actor is great, does an amazing job.
1131	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-26	Can't wait for the future scene when Tywin puts this little worm in his place. I'm predicting it will be a fan favorite.
1132	DornishKnight	2012-04-26	IT's ok but not how I would have dealt with joffrey's depravityI would have had done where following scene:myrcella and tommen knock on sansa's door ask if they can spent the next night(s) with her. and then we see myrcella throwing a bloody loincloth into the fire.maybe some bruises,  myrcella asks if Robb will spare her and tommen /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' /> /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />Twisted, dark, depraved, gets the point across, and subtle.  You are a genius. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1133	Tooker	2012-04-26	The show is just driving home the points from the book a little harder. It was implied that Joff was a sociopath. He cut out the baby kittens from the cat, he tortured Sansa physically and emotionally. He tried to finish Bran, which is interesting because it indicates not only does he have no problem killing but that he picked up on why Bran had fallen in the first place which is something almost no one ever figured out! He didn't seem able to connect with other people. He had Ned Stark's head chopped probably just for the opportunity to see blood and gore. The guy is not well. So since the show has to convey all this fast, it seems like they are exaggerating Joff. But they really aren't at all. Spread out over so many books, mixed in with other POVs and also never coming from the little sicko's own POV, it's easy to downplay the significance of his being a total crazyass when reading. He strangely is like King Aerys come again, way more than Dany, though she doesn't seem totally sane.
I know what you mean about the scene being twisted, though. He picked up that stick thing and I was really disturbed. The show always makes an excuse to have Petyr's whores in there too, every freaking episode. We get it, HBO, they're ladies who have sex for money. Soooo fascinating, except j/k, not really. Love that they found time for that but not to put Jon Snow or the Night's Watch in at all.
1134	The late lady stark	2012-04-26	I agree that they may have "shot it" with Joff and there's no place to escalate his cruelty. 
However, I do think that for the TV audience they have to sell that killing a "boy" is actually a very happy thing to the audience. So they have have him be vile.
1135	Abicion	2012-04-26	Part of me thinks they keep emphasizing how despicable he is to "off-set" how evil Cersei is, and make her more "likable," which is just ridiculous.I assure you, no one is trying to make Cersei likable.  Nobody can accomplish the impossible.
1136	Buckwheat	2012-04-26	I didnt like the scene, thought it was too much, and I do think that if they could have extended the Sansa beating scene and it would have had the same effect, but it is possible that b/c sophie doesnt do nudity they went about it a different wayIt was not needed to show nudity. They made the knight rip the dress on the back, and she still kept it over her breast, and it was horrible enough (that is actually exactly how I imagined the scene would be handled).The next scene took away from Sansa's suffering. And Sansa is a main character, one of the Stark children. It is stupid to take time from her and give it to some prostitutes nobody really cares about. And now Ros has more screen time than her?Some posters say that the scene showed what kind of sicko Joffrey was: But we already know that. I do not thnik it is necessary to show it once more, when they could show Dontos's and Sandor's interactions with Sansa or some other useful stuff that would move the plot forward.
1137	jarl the climber	2012-04-26	I think the fact that they are playing down the Sandor and Sansa relationship means that is probaly not as important as some people think. Sorry SanSan Sisterhood. King Caligula, I mean King Joffery, is shown doing this because it displays his contempt for Tyrion and women.
1138	jarl the climber	2012-04-26	couldnt agree with you more. I have a few friends that watched the show and I asked them if they thought it was over the top and unnecessary or gratuitous. One said he always figured joff was a jerk but thought that was more of a power hungry ruler "Im the king and a bad one at that" kind of jerk.. the fact that he did it behind closed doors made them really afraid for Sansa...they're all pretty afraid for her. which i think is good, because up till this episode they werent really getting the fact that she is pretending to still be in love. Now, especially after the beating scene and small conversation with tyrion, they got it, and then they became scared for her.I didnt like the scene, thought it was too much, and I do think that if they could have extended the Sansa beating scene and it would have had the same effect, but it is possible that b/c sophie doesnt do nudity they went about it a different wayI think it would be considered child porn in some countries since Sophie is under 18.
1139	Buckwheat	2012-04-26	I think the fact that they are playing down the Sandor and Sansa relationship means that is probaly not as important as some people think. Sorry SanSan Sisterhood. King Caligula, I mean King Joffery, is shown doing this because it displays his contempt for Tyrion and women.I think their relationship is important.But even if it is not, it gives Sansa something to do, some scenes to make with her during her stay in the keep. Now we see her so very little that Ros has more scenes than her.I do not mind THAT much if their relationship is omitted or toned down, but please give her something to do instead of showing us Ros and Joff.
1140	Nebmai	2012-04-26	LOUD NOISES.
1141	LordMarani	2012-04-26	First of all, I believe the people here didn't ask for a Sansa nudity scene, the cloth cutting we saw in the scene was enough, but they believe the beating by Ser Meryn should have continued, as that would be a lot more painful to watch for the viewers.The showrunners probably thought that it was too much, and decided to let Joffrey torture the prostitutes instead - while just as vile, the women were not children.Also, this may be the start of setting up Ros as a replacement for Alataya - in a future scene, we might see Tyrion apologizing to her for what Joffrey did. Cersei picks up on him talking to her, falsely believes that she is his whore and not Shae, and then whips her to hurt him. Tyrion, who feels responsible for dragging Ros into the middle of this, goes on the offensive.He tried to finish Bran, which is interesting because it indicates not only does he have no problem killing but that he picked up on why Bran had fallen in the first place which is something almost no one ever figured out!In the books, Joffrey never knew the truth about Cersei and Jaime. He believed Robert Baratheon to be his father (and even provoked Tywin in SoS, saying how Robert won all the battles while Tywin was hiding under Casterly Rock).He sent the cutthroat after Bran because he heard Robert talking about it being merciless to allow the kid to live, and that they should just end his suffering. Joffrey picked up on this and tried to fulfill Roberts wish, to impress him, not because he had any connection to Bran. I also really believe that Joffrey was a sociopath, i.e. simply incapable of feeling any empathy for others - him cutting up the cat and torturing Tommen are strong indicators - and just wanted to please his father and be a merciless and respected ruler like he believed Robert Baratheon was. Inflicting pain on others is the only thing he knew to have any effect. He was a tragic character, and died as an immature kid.In the shows, they seem to flesh this out a lot, probably because the actor plays the role that convincing.
					
					
							Edited by LordMarani, 26 April 2012 - 02:00 PM.
1142	Woman of War	2012-04-26	The Joffrey  actor is just great, close to Dinklage and Charles Dance. And here Joffrey is shown as being fifteen, he cannot be older, otherwise Cersei would not be Queen Regent anymore. So he must be aware of the rumours about his father, anything else would be rather unbelievable.
And the series have so much more possibilites to show the older juvenile as sociopath compared to a younger boy. Joffrey is of a calculated creepy cruelty that is performance at its best.
1143	Kittykatknits	2012-04-26	I think the fact that they are playing down the Sandor and Sansa relationship means that is probaly not as important as some people think. Sorry SanSan Sisterhood. King Caligula, I mean King Joffery, is shown doing this because it displays his contempt for Tyrion and women.I think their relatioship is critical to her storyline regardless of how a person may feel about SanSan. But the producers have already said in interviews that he is attracted to her and talked about the reasons behind it. And. in the DVD commentaries, one of the writers explicitly said their relationship will be played out. I am getting the sense that it will happen in the second half of the seaon.
1144	Neffaria	2012-04-26	I think it would be considered child porn in some countries since Sophie is under 18.It was not needed to show nudity. They made the knight rip the dress on the back, and she still kept it over her breast, and it was horrible enough (that is actually exactly how I imagined the scene would be handled). I think it would be considered child porn in some countries since Sophie is under 18. Just want to clarify somthing, I dont think extra nudity would have solved the dilema, it definately would be considered child porn in some counries. as a matter of fact thats why the gown was ripped from the back, because even if they had cleverly ripped the gown from the front and not shown anything it STILL would be considered child porn in some countries as actors under the age of eighteen cant even be "suggested to be" nude.I feel that the joff and his postitutes establish that he is far more depraved than previously imagined. However I too would have prefered the original scene, and for me the most important aspect of the original scene was the melon beating given by dontos, where everyone at court was laughing at her except joff, the humiliation in that moment is palpable where sansa and the reader are willing him to be satisfied, a couple of nervous glances by the hound between her and the king, followed by the beating and the "enough" line by sandor, followed by the dress being torn (even in the back like they did would have been fine) and then enter tyrion.that scene establishes Sansa's humiliation and fear, joffs depravity, and the hounds chivalrous nature.the scene as it stands (with the added prostitute scene) does the same with the exception of the hound info.I personally would have prefered the book scene. I can understand given HBO's proclivity towards nudity content that they decided to trade one nude scene they couldnt do for one they could. not what I would have done as a director but I dont work for HBO I dont see why they needed to change it other than nudity content. Unless there is going to be ramifications from what joff does to the prostitutes. if there is, then Im ok with the change, i dont mind deviating from the story if it serves a purpose.
1145	The Non-Human	2012-04-26	This scene was the most disappointing of all I've seen. They could have gone all sort of ways while keeping the spirit of the original scene, but no! They had to f*ck it up!
					
					
							Edited by The Non-Human, 26 April 2012 - 07:55 PM.
1146	jarl the climber	2012-04-26	I think their relationship is important.But even if it is not, it gives Sansa something to do, some scenes to make with her during her stay in the keep. Now we see her so very little that Ros has more scenes than her.I do not mind THAT much if their relationship is omitted or toned down, but please give her something to do instead of showing us Ros and Joff.It would have been better if they had just shown the girls going to Tyrion after Joff had abused them. Then we could once again see what a nice guy Tyrion is. /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' />  I'd have rather seen more Shae and Sansa scenes than that or Sansa and Dontos, or just about anything.
1147	teemo	2012-04-26	The Joffrey  actor is just great, close to Dinklage and Charles Dance. And here Joffrey is shown as being fifteen, he cannot be older, otherwise Cersei would not be Queen Regent anymore. So he must be aware of the rumours about his father, anything else would be rather unbelievable.And the series have so much more possibilites to show the older juvenile as sociopath compared to a younger boy. Joffrey is of a calculated creepy cruelty that is performance at its best.This is a good point.  Book Joffrey is about 3-4 years younger, so TV Joff is going to be a little different.  Another good example is Robb.  In the books I always saw him as a little boy that was very clever and quick in many ways, but was still just a boy playing king.  In the show, however, considering Richard Madden is playing a much older version Robb, a lot of things are different.  They have to tone down "you're just a little boy" thing tremendously, since he obviously looks like a full-grown man.  He probably will clearly not be a virgin when he sleeps with Talisa/Jeyne/whoever the hell.Jon is another example.  He cries a lot more in the books, especially the first.  He is way more of a baby.  I love Jon, but like Robb, he just turned 15 right around the beginning of the book.  I remember when he cried/almost cried when Tyrion was messing with him.  While book Jon eventually becomes much more stoic and mature, show Jon always kind of had to be this way because of his age.  If he was crying or screaming at Tyrion it would have looked ridiculousness.  There's a lot of subtle changes they have been made to the characters based on the age changes.  I still think the whore scene was stupid and should have been eliminated or at least heavily modified, but they are having to portray a 15/16 year old psycho instead of a 12/13 year old one.  Not to mention, I don't even think the show ever said what "of age" means.  It could mean 18 or something in the show, so Joffrey could actually be 16/17.  Book readers were exposed to Joffrey's craziness over short periods over a long time.  In the show, these scenes are going to have be more blunt and pronounced.  HBO would rather have him torturing hookers than shooting rabbits with a crossbow.  Still, hated it.  There must be better ways.  Oh, and the show doesn't even really seem to remind viewers that Joffrey really isn't even in charge of ruling the realm.  He can't have the Queen Regent's head off.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 26 April 2012 - 09:33 PM.
1148	hoelk	2012-04-27	Hmm what just came to my mind is that...
[expectable spoiler]
	Spoiler maybe killing of (lead-actor) children in TV shows is still a kind of taboo thing, so they don't want to leave any doubt that he might be a redeemable human being?

Also the actor is amazing and I would totally support a Joffrey spin-off series. Possibly featuring Wil Wheaton as his sidekick
1149	Lyeder	2012-04-27	Well, I thought that the whole scene showed more than the Joffrey's sadism: the hatred he has for his uncle. He wants the whores to be hurt because Tyrion intervened when he had his fun with Sansa. Also, by sending them back to Tyrion, he makes sure that his uncle will know how cruel he really is and that he is totally unwilling to respect any gift of him. So, the whole scene becomes a message to his uncle - which is imho quite interesting regarding SoS when Tyrin gets accused of killing Joffrey: if their mutual dislike is know to court longtime beforehand, it is quite understandable why everybody would easily believe Tyrion's guilt.
1150	Ser Tom Tarly	2012-04-30	I thought this scene was deeply disturbing, it really shows Joffrey for what he is and allows non-readers to see how evil he is. Sending the women back to his uncle will only deepen the animosity between them. You could see there was no love lost in season one, I think it will escalate nicely for next season and a certain wedding.
1151	Volantis	2012-11-04	Just another reason to show Ros' tits, I'd wager
1152	Volantis	2012-11-04	This is a tv adaption, many non-book readers don't know the extent of Joffrey's craziness, so the tv producers want to display what a character he is.They've already seen it in the last few episodes
1153	Eira Seren	2013-01-17	have just rewatched the second season and i skipped the Ros scenes.  the only one i kept was the one where littlefinger gives her the day off. 
i can honestly say i did not miss them, and i think that this episode in particular was much better without the prostitute beating.  it kept my focus on sansa's misfortune.  maybe it's easier for me to go without because i already KNOW what joffrey is, i don't require that scene to show me.
now if only dany at the gates of qarth (and sumai) weren't still so awful. . . .
1154	rustypaladin	2013-03-13	I am going to agree with the original poster. This scene was disturbing and unnecessary. There was so much more they could have added just by leaving out a few of these irrelevant and pointless scenes. Of course they added more sex, it's HBO - however this story doesn't need it. I generally think that they add sex scenes to sell films and shows with no real plot to hold it afloat...Don't get me wrong, some sex, provided it fits snugly into the story is great...But this was over the top. We know Joffery is sick and twisted, we saw this when he attacked Mycah, called for Ned's head, commanded that Sansa be beaten (various times) and didn't care at all about his starving people in the city. What more do we need? It's not as if we thought he had a fraction of empathy or kindness to begin with. Plus we already hate him.
I do feel however that they are trying to soften Cersei's character. Perhaps they mean to give her some redeeming qualities, although I'm not quite sure why.
					
					
							Edited by rustypaladin, 14 March 2013 - 08:52 PM.
1155	teemo	2012-04-23	Nitpick anything you want in this episode, no matter how trivial it is.  And you can't get annoyed with someone for being too critical.  This is the place to rant about anything...no matter how silly it sounds to write it out!I'll start:-I was pissed off that Renly didn't have a peach.-I didn't like how Tywin was walking around talking to the prisoners - he would never do that.-Melisandre suggesting that Davos wanted him, when that was as far from the truth as possible (and I'm sure she knew that)-LF saying "I've loved you since I was a little boy..."
1156	Addam	2012-04-23	I won't be critical of your nitpicks, but I will say that I enjoyed Tywin talking to the prisoners, as it showed him as smart.  Not sure I am going to like Arya being his cup bearer, and still having her not choose him to be killed.
Melisadre sees what she wants to see.  She wants Davos to want her, so she can use him for shadows.
1157	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	Even though I am a vocal supporter of changes made in the show, there are places in the narrative that I will always miss not seeing adapted.
This week's choice would be Renly's peach.
1158	Pellaeon	2012-04-23	The Tywin scence wa sgreat and show that he isn't a monster or some warlord who wants to rule over everything, it's shown that he is smart and plan for the time after the war and that he don't admire cruelty, and Arya as his cup bearer give us the opertunity to look into his interaction whit his men and a look into his council of war
1159	Bride of Winter	2012-04-23	Joffrey's scene with the whores was a complete waste of time. His Sansa scene showed well enough how horrible he is, and I don't even know what they're doing with his character anymore. it seems like they're trying to make him the biggest monster in the show to make Cersei an angel in contrast. it's just such a waste. 
also, I'm interested in what they're doing with Jeyne I guess, but part of me just wishes it would happen exactly how it did in the book. even if they make her the greatest character ever, I just sort of resent the change on principle of being a nitpicker. even if she is Jeyne Westerling, she's definitely not Jeyne from the series.
1160	Crown	2012-04-23	Renly and Stannis confrontation was great, but I also missed the peach.
1161	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	Davos seemed too terrified in the shadowbaby scene.
1162	boojam	2012-04-23	Nitpick anything you want in this episode, no matter how trivial it is.  And you can't get annoyed with someone for being too critical.  This is the place to rant about anything...no matter how silly it sounds to write it out!I'll start:-I was pissed off that Renly didn't have a peach.-I didn't like how Tywin was walking around talking to the prisoners - he would never do that.- I guess peaches are hard to come by in Northen Ireland? (They have a Whole Foods in Belfast?)- Now come on! If Tywin can skin a deer he can and will do anything he damn well pleases!
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 23 April 2012 - 09:10 AM.
1163	wolverine	2012-04-23	Joffrey's scene with the whores was a complete waste of time. His Sansa scene showed well enough how horrible he is, and I don't even know what they're doing with his character anymore. it seems like they're trying to make him the biggest monster in the show to make Cersei an angel in contrast. it's just such a waste.I would agree that the show seems to be making Cersei not so bad.  I would also say that the show is very kind to Catelyn.
1164	Flayed Starkman	2012-04-23	No peach
That Cat-Littlefinger scene was not good.
Why have they changed HarrenHAL to HarrenHALL?
1165	boojam	2012-04-23	Davos seemed too terrified in the shadowbaby scene.As I remember that's the way it played out in the book, tho the sequence of events was different.
1166	David Selig	2012-04-23	How come Cat knows that LF betrayed Ned but doesn't know that the Lannisters don't have Arya? I mean if the Starks are supposed to have spies in court, shouldn't she know both things?
1167	kungtotte	2012-04-23	I think she's just inferring that he betrayed Ned. Seeing as how LF still has a fairly important role in Joffrey's government, he must be in cahoots with him, and anybody who is on Joffrey's team was part of betraying Ned.
1168	Laohu	2012-04-23	I will admit I was slightly disappointed with the gates of Qarth scene. It received a passing grade from me, but I felt they could have done much more with it.
1169	The Smiling Eye	2012-04-23	- The whore scene with Joffrey was pointless and annoying to watch
- Cat/LF scene was a bit boring.
That's about it for me, I didn't mind the peach stuff.
1170	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-23	I miss the peach & Stannis' crownWhy did Tyrion talk so much trash to his coz, without pulling the trump card? Lancel killed the King!!!Robb is in love with Jigsaw (from the saw movies)That's about it. Every episode I love Dany more and more.ETA.!!!Wait, how can I forget? My favorite quote in ASOIAF was not in the episode!!A king doesn't have friends, only subjects and enemies
					
					
							Edited by Ndrew of Typhgarian, 23 April 2012 - 10:07 AM.
1171	Natmus	2012-04-23	I think the set designers and the script guys don't talk together much, and the supervising producers aren't supervising very much. Renly has changed his banners to the green-and-gold of his Tyrell sponsors, but he still asks about Stannis' change, and afterwards remarks that it's good that Stannis changed his banners, otherwise people would get confused during the battle. With his own new green-and-gold banners in the background. Didn't anybody in the entire cast or crew ask what that was about?
1172	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	And why does the Baratheon stag look like Bullwinkle /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1173	a shadow	2012-04-23	-Melisandre suggesting that Davos wanted him, when that was as far from the truth as possible (and I'm sure she knew that)This. Arya being his cup bearer, and still having her not choose him to be killed.And this.And Jeyne.
1174	Hot Pie Targaryen	2012-04-23	Why have Dontos in the opening episode and not have any conspiratorial scenes with Sansa afterward?
1175	Umber	2012-04-23	Why did Harrenhal look like THAT?
And why are they choosing a common girl for Robbs fling?
1176	Lady Octarina	2012-04-23	I didn't like what they did to Jeyne Westerling, turning her into a strong woman that does what needs to be done (though that would help with some theories about Westerling motivations in the books...) instead of a silly little girl. I'll be pissed if HBO actually manages to make me care about Robb's storyline, though I doubt that will ever happen.
And I was more disappointed than I would imagine that they didn't show Renly's peach.
Last, why are all Stannis scenes so rushed? /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />
1177	ViennaGirl	2012-04-23	Jeyne Westerling, Undercover ER Doc
No peach
Tywin's cupbearer instead of Roose's?
Picking Gendry to torture
Torturing with rats? Seems kind of random
Repellent scene with Ros and the other prostitute. Gratutious. Joffrey is already hideous to Sansa.
Item that made me laugh: Wussy Lancel wearing clothes
1178	Dementia	2012-04-23	This was my least favorite episode in the whole series.  /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Jof..what?  Why?
No peach.
Jeyne?
Shado baby?  I have to rewatch it.  Are they AT Storm's End...and did they explain WHY?
Cat and Baelish.  HORRIBLE.  They've alread undercut her character so much and now freeing Jaime is HIS idea?
1179	Dracarya	2012-04-23	Not a lot to nitpick about, and what I will say has probably been said loads of times already, buuuuut:
The peach should have been in.
Joffrey and the whores - just, no. Stop it now, HBO. Stop it.
The LF-Cat scene was only saved by the immense acting on Michelle Fairley's part - book-LF would never have pulled that kind of shit.
I actually liked Dany's scene in Qarth, I think it showed her age and inexperience a bit more, put her in her place a little bit. I also loved it when she went mad at them, I thought she looked strangely like Viserys. 
I have no problem so far with the way they're portraying Jeyne. I wasn't expecting her to go all Jigsaw though!
1180	teemo	2012-04-23	I just thought Tywin talking to the prisoners was out of character.  Like all of the other high lords, Tywin barely even acknowledges the existence of small folk.  For him to jump off his horse and immediately start talking to the prisoners like he's some kind of nice guy was out of character.  Arya never even got close to him...she only saw him far away, like some mythical figure.  The only reason Roose ever noticed her was because she was involved with Weasel Soup somehow, and that got his attention.  I don't mind her being Tywin's cupbearer, however.
1181	teemo	2012-04-23	double post
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 23 April 2012 - 05:28 PM.
1182	Reposado	2012-04-23	Are they AT Storm's End...and did they explain WHY?this. where are they that, Renly was going that was on the coast.And that needs to be landed in secret at night, but stannis has no problem coming ashore in the day.
1183	celery	2012-04-23	Why did Harrenhal look like THAT?What do you mean? I thought the shot of Harrenhal was the coolest part of the episode, tbh. Am I missing something?Anyway, I was really looking forward to the scene with Stannis, Renly and the peach, so I was pretty disappointed that all we got was Littlefinger, Renly and an apple.Also really wish Roose was wearing his signature pink flecked with red, it's such an intrinsic part of him in my head, it was a little weird to see him without it. Otherwise I was pretty pleased with the casting though.And since this is the nitpicking thread and I get to be petty, can I just say how much I hate Littlefinger and wish he would stop getting extra scenes? He's even worse in the show than in my head! Not sure if thats a compliment to the actor or not hahaOh and... Ned's bones? IIRC, as far as we know currently Ned's bones are presumably on their way to Howland Reed, right? Catelyn never received them, did she? Maybe I'm remembering wrong.
1184	Serr Parker	2012-04-23	Why no Lightbringer, I've been looking forward to that part since I read it in the book
1185	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-23	The whole arriving at Qarth sequence. Lines were silly, and I'm getting really tired of Dany saying nothing but "I wall take what is mine!" in twenty different ways. The sequence just didn't feel tonally right at all, especially with everything else that was happening in the episode.
Not enough setup for Stannis and Renly. The scene comes out of nowhere with almost no setup, and I don't even think they ever had a scene where Renly discovers that Stannis has brought his army. Also, they haven't done a great job of explaining the disparity between their armies, and I feel like they should have had more seasoned commanders with Renly, like Randyll Taryly, even if they just used extras. His army seems to just consist of random knights, Loras, and Brienne.
Too much Littlefinger. This is actually starting to annoy me. I think aside from Tyrion, Littlefinger is the only character (maybe Bronn) that's appeared in every episode thus far this season. He's just being used too much, and I don't really care for most of his scenes. The thing I liked a lot about ACOK was that Varys appears a lot more than Littlefinger, who was more prominent in AGOT. Not here; Littlefinger is everywhere, and giving him the idea to tell Cat to free Jaime was not to my liking. Have the feeling they're going to have Catelyn release him early now.
1186	Serr Parker	2012-04-23	Are they AT Storm's End...and did they explain WHY?This baffelled me as well, have they actually said where they actually are? If Renly was at Storms end why is he in tents and not in Storms end, and if they're not why is Renly near a random coast and not at Highgarden. Saying that I haven't actually heard anyone call Renly 'King in the Highgarden'
1187	Serr Parker	2012-04-23	Have the feeling they're going to have Catelyn release him early now.If you look in the front of Storm of Swords though, he says that some of what happens at the start of that is during the battle of Blackwater though do it maybe right for Jamie to be released before the end of the series
1188	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-23	If you look in the front of Storm of Swords though, he says that some of what happens at the start of that is during the battle of Blackwater though do it maybe right for Jamie to be released before the end of the seriesNo, I mean they might have Catelyn release him really early, like within the next couple episodes and before she finds out about the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon.
1189	MaJose	2012-04-23	I'm new here and I pretty much came to check this board just to see if anyone else was pissed about Renly's peach. So yeah, I'm irrationally disappointed it got cut off. I know it's just a detail and it changes nothing but Stannis and Renly's parley is one of my favorite scene in the book and that peach is one of it's highlights. I just love how it shows that Renly doesn't take anything seriously enough and Stannis takes everything way too seriously. Plus, Stannis' subsequent obsession with it is hilarious. It also bothers me that there's no mention of Storms End getting siege or anything similar. It's like that parley came out of nowhere. 
I'm not sure how I feel about this Jeyne..... I just hope they don't drastically change that story.
I also feel that Joffrey is being portrayed as way too cruel and Cersei not cruel enough. It's ok to humanize her a bit like with that scene with Robert in S1, but lets not forget that she's still a bitch and capable of very cruel things when it comes to protecting her family.
1190	Bastard Walder	2012-04-23	I won't be critical of your nitpicks, but I will say that I enjoyed Tywin talking to the prisoners, as it showed him as smart.  Not sure I am going to like Arya being his cup bearer, and still having her not choose him to be killed.Melisadre sees what she wants to see.  She wants Davos to want her, so she can use him for shadows.Maybe she wouldn't kill Tywin since he treated her fairly. Or Tywin leaves before Jaqen comes to Harrenhal?
1191	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-23	flatulence - show hits a new low
1192	Morvran	2012-04-23	The Tickler didn't scare me one bit (and really wasn't even focused on).Gregor is almost comical.  He should command a scene, but it's kind of like they're trying to hide him behind his helm.No good explanation as to what Davos and Mel are doing and why there's a gate on a random cave.Sansa scene freaked out my non-reader girlfriend so I guess it served its purpose, but I felt cheated.But the Joffrey/prostitute scene, I thought, was great.  It wasn't about painting him as being evil (they're done that enough), but rather it  showed that he's thinking and trying to play the game.
1193	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-23	Sansa scene freaked out my non-reader girlfriend so I guess it served its purpose, but I felt cheated.it was just too brief, shoulda been harder to stomach, shoulda been more effective
1194	Brucolac	2012-04-23	I don't like that the show is is making Caetyln's release of the Kingslayer a planned event rather than spontaneous.   In the books she was acting out of anguish over losing her sons but now she will be acting out of deceit.
1195	Leto Atreides	2012-04-23	My nitpicks:
- Again, the intro didn't match the locations of the episode. It's like they are not even trying.
- The Mountain is deflated.
- Dany needs to start acting thougher and fast.
- Davos and Melissandre sneak into a cave...to reach Renly' camp which is on a open field. Did they film that scene before cutting Storm' End out of the show?
- Another long, useless scene featuring Ros.
					
					
							Edited by Leto Atreides, 23 April 2012 - 09:34 PM.
1196	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	The Hound and his token line to Joffrey before he finds the two whores.
Seriously, he's the Hound, not a bellhop.
1197	Holmes	2012-04-23	1. No peach.  Though he was reaching for one in the tent, but it was only an apple.  Bah.  Then no peach.  Stannis agonizes over that one for the rest of the series.
2. The Tickler's questions.  Make them right, dammit.  Where is Lord Beric?  We have no idea since Season 1.
3. Shadowbaby should have looked like Stannis, kinda.  And been silent.
4. Mel's onion story.  Have we been told why Dave is the Onion Knight yet?
5. Tyrion sending Joff whores.  (Another thread).
6. Arya's hitlist.  Get it right!  "Ser Ilyn.  Queen Cersei, etc.."
1198	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-23	- Again, the intro didn't match the locations of the episode. It's like they are not even trying.ha! I didn't even think about that, but you're right
1199	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-23	Seriously, he's the Hound, not a bellhop.this is becoming one of the most disappointing aspects of the show for me, this Hound is definitely not The Hound of the book...who is supposed to be abrasive, obnoxious, and extremely TALKATIVE!  so much to the point you wish he'd shut the hell up after a while, loland their failing with The Hound can't be attributed to budget limitations and time restraints and whatever other excuses they throw out there, just lazy writing, give him a few of those great brash lines from the book to at least enhance his character a bit! and at least 'try' to act the part, it's not that difficult to act like a loudmouthed jerk!
					
					
							Edited by TheTrueMithrandir, 23 April 2012 - 11:01 PM.
1200	teemo	2012-04-23	I was annoyed how Renly kept looking at that apple while talking to LF.  I thought maybe it was foreshadowing the peach.  Damn you, D&D.
1201	Brucolac	2012-04-23	I assume the hound is quiet because they cast him poorly.   I gave up hope on him as a character when Littlefinger told the story about him getting burned instead of him doing it himself.   Maybe he will come around in season 3 when he is on the road with Arya, she is by far the best of the child actors they cast.
1202	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	They should tell Davos and Stannis story in greater detail. The TV only watcher would have gotten more out of the scene on the boat which mentioned the knuckles and the scene on the rowboat which mentioned onions if the show had already told that story. I don't think they made it clear why Davos trusts Stannis or is so loyal to him yet either.
1203	redriver	2012-04-23	What I love about Jackie Gleeson as Joffrey is the way he uses his body as much as his face as an actor.
An underrated skill,but a pretty powerful one.
1204	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	Another noteworthy and I believe unsustainable nitpick!
Not addressing characters by name;
in the show, I am not sure, correct if wrong, but has anybody uttered the words...
Dolorous Edd?
In season 2,
Lancel?
Gregor Clegane (only referred to as The Mountain)
Rakharro?
Probably some others, but I know non-readers who have been watching and say "who's that again?" or "That's Gendry right?" ***WRONG***
I just feel characters who are nameless are far less memorable, but I know who they are, and have to explain to others.
I have tried to direct them to online viewers guides, with an overwhelmingly *meh*.
I guess I'm too fanboy for some of my friends/colleagues!
1205	Brucolac	2012-04-23	It is easy to lose a character with the way the show is done.  Even main characters aren't on every episode.
					
					
							Edited by Brucolac, 23 April 2012 - 11:34 PM.
1206	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-23	No, I mean they might have Catelyn release him really early, like within the next couple episodes and before she finds out about the "deaths" of Bran and Rickon.They can save themselves here a bit. If Cat leaves Bitterbridge determined to keep hold of Jaime, cussing out LF for a cur, trying to weaken Robb's position. Only to be overcome with grief after hearing of B&R's death and out of desperation she clings to the hope that Tyrion will be the honourable imp and do the right thing if she delivers Jaime. Cat slams the door in LF's face. But chooses to open it for her own reasons later.A reasonable slavaging of Cat's independant mind.
1207	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2012-04-23	1. No peach.  Though he was reaching for one in the tent, but it was only an apple.  Bah.  Then no peach.  Stannis agonizes over that one for the rest of the series.2. The Tickler's questions.  Make them right, dammit.  Where is Lord Beric?  We have no idea since Season 1.3. Shadowbaby should have looked like Stannis, kinda.  And been silent.4. Mel's onion story.  Have we been told why Dave is the Onion Knight yet?5. Tyrion sending Joff whores.  (Another thread).6. Arya's hitlist.  Get it right!  "Ser Ilyn.  Queen Cersei, etc.."He saved Stannis life, basically.  After being under siege for a year, eating rats, etc, Davos took it upon himself to smuggle a shipment of onions and other items, to Stannis.  When he was made a Lord, he took the Onion for his sigil.
1208	Jaehaerys I	2012-04-23	Everyone seemed to already hit on all of my nitpicking, except for one thing I haven't seen anyone mention.
It seems like everyone knows about Renly and Loras. It just doesn't seem right. I didn't even really notice their relationship in the book. Also, it removes any question about if Margaery is still a maiden. If everyone in Westeros seems to know Renly is gay then it isn't too hard to prove Margaery is a maiden.
1209	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-23	Another noteworthy and I believe unsustainable nitpick!Not addressing characters by name;in the show, I am not sure, correct if wrong, but has anybody uttered the words...Dolorous Edd?In season 2,Lancel?Gregor Clegane (only referred to as The Mountain)Rakharro?Probably some others, but I know non-readers who have been watching and say "who's that again?" or "That's Gendry right?" ***WRONG***I just feel characters who are nameless are far less memorable, but I know who they are, and have to explain to others.I have tried to direct them to online viewers guides, with an overwhelmingly *meh*.I guess I'm too fanboy for some of my friends/colleagues!At least Polliver got a mention. Though he was the least active of the Mountain's entourage, of those who obviously appeared on screen.- Randomly throwing out "born amidst smoke and salt". Where's the context for that? Means absolutely nothing to the characters on Renly's side, or the uninitiated viewer. Simply served as a set up line for the ham come back. Funny I totally forgot about the peach, but that would have been vastly superior to smoke+salt=ham..Why couldn't someone have come to Renly and just said "Stannis has laid siege to Storm's End, and is demanding a parlay." And then the convo with Davos and Mel could have included the whole need to get "inside" the walls of Storm's End for her magic to work. No need to even CGI the actual castle, just a mention will do. All of 15 seconds of dialogue (which could have been given space by having 15 seconds less of Joff and the 2 whores) which would have put much more narrative context to the parlay.
1210	teemo	2012-04-23	yes, way too many people know about Renly/Loras.  Those guys at the beginning of the show should know nothing about that.  I guess it's to remind us that THEY'RE GAY!!!
Oh, and it was really, really ridiculous how Renly was criticizing Stannis' banners and how things would get confusing if they used the same banner....um, Renly, your banners are not even Baratheon colors, and that doesn't even look like a stag.
1211	The Anti-Targ	2012-04-24	Everyone seemed to already hit on all of my nitpicking, except for one thing I haven't seen anyone mention.It seems like everyone knows about Renly and Loras. It just doesn't seem right. I didn't even really notice their relationship in the book. Also, it removes any question about if Margaery is still a maiden. If everyone in Westeros seems to know Renly is gay then it isn't too hard to prove Margaery is a maiden.That's not too big of a deal, except that Renly himself keeps trying to deny it. Cersei knows Renly is gay, but is still convinced that he did his duty by his wannabe queen, because, well, it's his duty as king to get himself an heir, even a gay king. It's not like no gay man ever has had sex with a woman.
1212	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-24	It looked like Mel and Davos were rowing to a cave under Renly's camp?No Pembrose or Storm's End seige then...hmm..
1213	Marjie Eilie Myatt	2012-04-24	At least Stannis is not bald.  I wasn't looking forward to that.
Miss the peach.  I recently read that scene to my tweens.  (Don't call Social Services on me:  I skip most references to sex and rape and some of the violence and language.)
Agree with everyone who said prostitute beating scene took time away from other actual scenes from the book that could have been staged for no apparent additional cost.  I mean, if it's nudity that's wanted, give us a real sex scene with some other invented characters why don't cha?  If you need to get viewers to hate Joffrey more, let's have him target-practice with rabbits.  And doesn't he catapult people from the walls in the book?  Or kill them when they come begging for bread?
I want more battle scenes, however expensive, I admit it.
1214	teemo	2012-04-24	lol i wonder if joff will actually catapult people off the wall on tv during the battle of the blackwater.  hah.  talked about psycho!
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 April 2012 - 01:14 AM.
1215	Davos55	2012-04-24	The dialogue between Davos and Mel didn't sit well with me. I don't like her saying "You want me" and Davos having no real reply..way too out of character for him.
Tickler not doing the tickling.
Hound being butchered still.
Cave scenario in general, cutting of Storms End, Edric Storm, and Cortnay Penrose
Episode being way too short
1216	K-Raptor	2012-04-24	I still don't understand why they have to show locations in the intro that aren't relevant to the particular episode. The music for the intro is awesome, but I cringe everytime I here those sound loops just to "keep the music going" while showing the locations. The Joffrey scene bothered me too. It'd be better if that scene was cut, to give more important characters more screentime. I also thought the cave where Melisandre gave birth to her shadowbaby was weird. If they don't go with Storm's End then the cave with bars is just so out of place. But who knows, we might see something of Storm's End next episode?
1217	Sensuki Dorjan	2012-04-24	Regarding those complaining about The Hound being rather docile, I am with you but I do not think it is Rory McCann that is the problem. I think it is the showrunners writing him down.I don't know if I am allowed to do this here, but if you have seen his audition video, you will know that he definitely CAN do The Hound as he is in the book.I have not liked a single episode of season 2 so farthis episode had many issuesThe Lannister soldier's cowlick in the opening sequence sigh at the hair stylist who did that /sleep.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='-_-' />The replacement of Jeyne Westerling - horrible decision, and the scene felt soooo out of place in GRRMs world, not only that GRRM himself mentioned that such relationships in medieval/fantasy pieces irritate him.The Hound not barking at Sansa's disrobal like he did in the books Littlefinger showing up at Renly's camp and every scene he was in being terrible, from a writing and performance perspective. Michelle Fairley was good in hers though.Condensing of Arya's Names in Harrenhal, didn't make sense not to already have Polliver in there for killing Lommy, but when he hit an old woman he made itCondensing of The Tickler's tickling, the scene where Arya stabs him repeatedly won't hit home quite as much in the show I don't thinkStannis and Renly's parlay scene was very flat, Catelyn's being there seemed pointless after the cutting of her lines as well. Not to mention NO PEACH but I wasn't surprised due to the 'style' of which Renly is being portrayedAgree that Stannis has yet to have a scene with any weight whatsoever. Half of the reason being that all the scenes are so short.The gates of Qarth seemed a bit silly. The whole sequence was just very awkward. I don't think "The Thirteen" would walk out of the city gates guarded by a few soldiers to greet a Dothraki horde, albeit a ragtag one. I also didn't see anyone atop the walls.Nicholas Blane as The Spice King was good, but the dialogue given to Daenerys was a bit of a yawn, and it just seemed a bit weird that Xaro turned to walk back into the city after the Spice King turned down their entry, yet the second time he spoke up :/The original scene where the Xaro, Quaithe and Pyat Pree ride out to see her was better in my opinion.I didn't mind the Joffrey and the whores scene, I saw it's purpose (even if cleverly disguised as to give Ros another scene) although once again, the LONGEST Scenes are always the added ones. In stark contrast the book scenes are cut down to the bone. It seems as if they lack the ability to edit their own writing.I didn't think the Shadow Baby scene was that bad either, I guess the location was meant so that no one would see or hear what Davos and Melisandre set out to do, but the Iron Gate was a bit silly.
1218	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	Regarding those complaining about The Hound being rather docile, I am with you but I do not think it is Rory McCann that is the problem. I think it is the showrunners writing him down.I don't know if I am allowed to do this here, but if you have seen his audition video, you will know that he definitely CAN do The Hound as he is in the book.I had never seen that video before and I want to cry. Why was that scene cut from the show? Why, oh why? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  Less Littlefinger and Ros, more Hound, please!
1219	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	I would like to know how Bronn can lead the gold cloaks and play Tyrion's bodyguard at the same time.
1220	Queen of Winter	2012-04-24	I had never seen that video before and I want to cry. Why was that scene cut from the show? Why, oh why? /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />  Less Littlefinger and Ros, more Hound, please!I heard somewhere (perhaps on here on the board) that they're supposed to write that scene back in at some point? Or am I imagining this?
1221	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	I heard somewhere (perhaps on here on the board) that they're supposed to write that scene back in at some point? Or am I imagining this?Dare I hope? But they'll have to change it a bit because Sansa (and everybody else apparently) already knows how Sandor got his face burned.
1222	Queen of Winter	2012-04-24	Dare I hope? But they'll have to change it a bit because Sansa (and everybody else apparently) already knows how Sandor got his face burned.Seriously, I have no idea how that would work! /unsure.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />  (But like I said, I could be totally wrong. Perhaps someone else knows for sure?).
					
					
							Edited by Queen of Winter, 24 April 2012 - 10:47 AM.
1223	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	once again, the LONGEST Scenes are always the added ones. In stark contrast the book scenes are cut down to the bone. It seems as if they lack the ability to edit their own writing.Very much this. Their self-editing has always been somewhat uneven, but this season especially.
1224	Davos55	2012-04-24	LifeRuiner: great profile picture /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
I have to agree about added scenes this season. They have taken too much time and don't add valuable content to the show or depth to any important characters.  I really don't see the point of Ros anymore, and I wish the producers would stop spending so much time with her, and start to properly develop important characters in KL like the Hound and Sansa.
1225	The Faceless One	2012-04-24	Even more so this season than last, I am getting increasingly frustrated with the 'added' material.  The show is still quite fantatstic, but they leave out a lot significant events and characters while adding a bunch of crap, or at least dragging out insigificant 'added' material scenes, while cutting short more significant and interesting scenes.
I understand budget concerns and time constraints, but why add so much unnecessary fluff to an already flawless source material?
Harrenhal looked cool with the dragonfire burned towers, but I pictured it much darker and much more haunting.
The Tickler was not scary at all.  Too clean and he wasn't doing the torturing.  Gregor's whole crew seems underplayed.
It took awhile to realize who the tall goober was and when i realized it was Gregor I cringed with disppointment.
The Joffery and whores scene was too long and not really necessary. Too much Ros.  She's easy on the eyes, but way too much screen time. Fluff.
The gate was not needed in the Davos and Melissandre scene since it apears Storm's End has been written out.  Mel telling Davos "You want me." is so far from his thoughts in the books,it was laughable.  I thought the shadow was more man-like and resembled Stannis in the books, but liked the concept in the show.  Very creepy.
Littlefingers scenes were terrible and virtually pointless.  The acting was bad, only second in bad acting to Alfie's/Theon's  scenes in the last episode.
The Jeyne/Volantene girl scene just felt contrived and out of place.
Liked Tywin's scene.  Hated the Qarth scene.  Way too comical and farcical with bad acting.
Everything, other than Tyrion's scenes and story, seem a bit rushed and many seem out of place and convoluted.
1226	The Black Wolf	2012-04-25	I don't know if anyone's pointed this out yet, but... I just realised that you'd only pronounce Qarth the way Dany does if you saw it in writing first. If someone just came to you and told you that the city is called Qarth, why would you pronounce it "Quarth"?
And just as (apparently) many others I have issues with their long added scenes when they cut out things in the books "because there's not enough time to show everything", and also with the whole Talisa/Jeyne thing...
ETA: just saw the audition video...just plain awesome /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by The Black Wolf, 25 April 2012 - 06:58 AM.
1227	DragonSpawn	2012-04-25	I felt really cheated with the Baratheon parely scene...No mention of Edric Storm as proof of the incest. No peach and no fake lightbringer! - This was the main thing i was looking forward to seeing in this episode!
1228	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-25	I loved the episode, but yeah, the parley scene was particularly poor. A few gripes:We aren't even told Stannis is coming to visit. It's a plot point in Clash where Renly learns his brother is moving against him, and sets up their meeting with a lot more tension. Here, we just... aren't told either way. He's just there.I couldn't really care less about that peach and its connotations (the fruit in the tent was enough of a shout out, and I suppose we can live without Stannis reflecting on it), but Renly came off as a petulant smug snake either way. He didn't make any offers or try to win his brother's loyalty in the same capacity Robert had, but instead found himself content to sit there and talk complete shit for his minute or two of dialogue. Disappointing."Is he a ham?" Please don't quote this in your signature. Please don't reblog this on tumblr. Please don't repeat this utterly horrible line of dialogue ever again for as long as you do live. Just... ugh. We missed brotherly bickering about Maid Margaery for this? /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />The dialogue as a whole was snipped and altered in a way that can only be detrimental to the development and characterization of those involved. Why did Cat not put forward her offer of a great coalition and alliance of high lords to fight the Lannisters, and let the people choose their king afterwards? Why did Stannis not promise to give Cersei and Joffrey's heads to Cat, yet still make it abundantly clear that Robb is "no less a rebel than my brother here"? In fact, Cat may as well not have been there at all, whereas her presence and suggestions were key in the book.The lack of "proper" conflict was a shame, too. I was looking forward to Stannis being incensed enough to leap off his horse and draw Lightbringer on Renly, but... nope.A pity. I was looking forward to that scene ever since S2 was greenlit.
					
					
							Edited by Jamie Lannister, 25 April 2012 - 08:55 AM.
1229	The GreatRon	2012-04-25	agreed, the parlay scene for me was a major bummer.  That is one of my favorite parts in ACoK and I was stoked to see it and let down.
1230	boojam	2012-04-25	I just thought Tywin talking to the prisoners was out of character.  Like all of the other high lords, Tywin barely even acknowledges the existence of small folk.  For him to jump off his horse and immediately start talking to the prisoners like he's some kind of nice guy was out of character.  Arya never even got close to him...she only saw him far away, like some mythical figure.  The only reason Roose ever noticed her was because she was involved with Weasel Soup somehow, and that got his attention.  I don't mind her being Tywin's cupbearer, however.I got the impression we was not so much talking to the prisoners as he was commanding  his men.In the book we don't know who made the practical decision to use the prisoners as slave labor, but it was probably Tywin.So now he gets to make it.Anyway I never presume to say what Tywin would do in any situation, he's an alpha male and does as he pleases.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 25 April 2012 - 08:46 AM.
1231	boojam	2012-04-25	Boy everybody missed the peach , funny the things we remember , but me too I missed it also.Someone has to ask D&D about this!
1232	Reposado	2012-04-25	On second watch this angered me more. Why on earth would robb be strolling around the battlefield, with no body guards and no grey wind, and strinking up conversations with lowborn trash? And helping with random surgical procedures? if this is what he was doing in the book, im glad this was offscreen
1233	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	.Not enough setup for Stannis and Renly. The scene comes out of nowhere with almost no setup, and I don't even think they ever had a scene where Renly discovers that Stannis has brought his army. Also, they haven't done a great job of explaining the disparity between their armies, and I feel like they should have had more seasoned commanders with Renly, like Randyll Taryly, even if they just used extras. His army seems to just consist of random knights, Loras, and Brienne.The army thing is annoying me too. Lots of mentions about Renly's 100k but nothing about Stannis', what 3k? It's a couple of throwaway lines but explains that he has no hope of winning by fighting, which makes shadow baby all the more important. What's tywin got, 25-30k? Robb has about 15-17k? This is all significant. Plus where they fight. If I hadn't read the books I'd have no idea whee Robb is or what he's doing. There's been no explanation that the army he fought at the start of thf ep is fresh levies from casterly rock. Last season there were two lannister armies, tywin's and jamie's. Jamie was defeated. Tywin wasn't. So wouldn't a general viewer think that was tywin's army Robb fought?
1234	Reposado	2012-04-25	here's another. it's fine if they are going to switch the scene of the interrogation from the village to harrenhal. but then they should ummmm come up with new questions maybe. they keep asking if there's gold in the village. what village? god knows how far it is from where they are now. why is that a major concern?
1235	congokong	2012-04-25	The show writers have taken the opposite view from the books in some ways.
- Renly acts more like Stannis (stiff and serious); Stannis more calm at their meeting. And there was almost no dialogue for a parley. And no peach!
- Renly directly states he doesn't like Petyr despite them often joking together at council in the books
- Petyr telling Tyrion to "waste someone elses time" when he suspected Tyrion might suggest Petyr go to Catelyn to suggest trading the girls for Jaime (which is exactly what happens in the show)
I get annoyed when the show takes out good scenes/characters and instead adds shit ones.
-That Daenerys scene where she has her dragons in air tight baskets and won't let them out almost like an HBO exec came out and whispered in her ear. Then that weird scenario with Xaro cutting his hand...
- We know Joffrey is evil. But the writers want some excuse to put in Ros.
Oh, and how they said Harrenhal did not have the SPACE for the prisoners.
1236	Davos55	2012-04-25	Oh, and how they said Harrenhal did not have the SPACE for the prisoners.I never thought of that, but it really makes no sense now that you say it.  It is an absolutely enormous "castle" and there are plenty of places for prisoners to be held.
1237	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-26	it was just too brief, shoulda been harder to stomach, shoulda been more effectiveSo far in the TV series, Sansa has been hit twice and (this time) menaced with worse but saved from it.  In the book, it was implied that she was slapped around at least hard enough to leave bruises fairly often; and in the scene where Joffrey tried to strip her, she was struck by a sword (I think on her legs) with enough force to require medical attention (I think there were welts, though she did recover, physically).  Sansa's physical suffering and constant stress, and how she endured and survived it was a key element in her storyline; but HBO seems to be far more interested in showing naked prostitutes and more and more Roz scenes.  Excuse me if I believe that Ned Stark's older daughter is a far more important character than Roz.  And how much time would it have taken for the Hound to say "that's enough"?  They could have cut three seconds from the prostitutes' foreplay, or cut out the scene with Joffrey abusing the prostitutes altogether.  I don't know why they had to send Littlefinger to Catelyn?  Littlefinger really isn't stupid enough to think that Catelyn will just forget the last 20 years of her life and fall into his arms as if she never met, married, loved Ned Stark and bore him five children.  Well, at least book-LF wasn't that stupid.  This Littlefinger is dumb enough to reveal intimate details about his motivations and early life to the hired help (last season; one of the scenes I can't fast-forward quickly enough).Renly and Stannis are neither charismatic nor interesting.  (Natalie Dormer's Margaery is both; I thought it rather funny that poor Renly seemed scared to death of her proposed consummation of the marriage, especially when she offered to bring Loras in to help)
1238	teemo	2012-04-26	here's another. it's fine if they are going to switch the scene of the interrogation from the village to harrenhal. but then they should ummmm come up with new questions maybe. they keep asking if there's gold in the village. what village? god knows how far it is from where they are now. why is that a major concern?perfect nitpick...winner.
1239	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-26	1. That Dany Scene, it was getting interesting until Xaro pulled off some ancient Klingon rite to give Dany access to the city. It was such a contrived plot hole it sticks out like a sore thumb amoungst the book scenes. GRRM would never write something so cliche.
2. It's like they don't care about Stannis's story, they've become attached to Robb & Tyrion's that they don't want to add a new character to take the limelight. Have they not read all the books, do they not know how important Stannis becomes? In my opinion they should have spent most of the first episode in Dragonstone really fleshing out Stannis and Davos instead of giving us that catchup episode. They could have had Stannis receiving dispatches on the situation recapping Robb and Tywin and adding Renly's situation on that amazing table they built. That way we'd be told clealy what battles happened where and when and it would be a great catchup with Robb's situation without a pointless scene that told us nothing.
3. The Mountain needs to gain weight, quickly.
4. Could they not have had a scene of Tyrion/Cersei finding out Stannis's ships have left Dragonstone, cue panic, "we not ready for an attack". Viewer believes Stannis is going to attack KL then a couple of scenes later at Renly's camp it's announced they are beseiged by Stannis. That's what happens in the book, it would add tension and surprise for the viewer.
(edited to add point 4)
					
					
							Edited by RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon, 26 April 2012 - 04:09 AM.
1240	birdsong66	2012-04-26	Suggesting that Chinese Dumplings will trump Twelve of The Thirteen at the gates of Qarth."I invoke Shu Mai"--XaroSeriously.  Funny.  That.The dialogue as a whole was snipped and altered in a way that can only be detrimental to the development and characterization of those involved. Why did Cat not put forward her offer of a great coalition and alliance of high lords to fight the Lannisters, and let the people choose their king afterwards? Why did Stannis not promise to give Cersei and Joffrey's heads to Cat, yet still make it abundantly clear that Robb is "no less a rebel than my brother here"? In fact, Cat may as well not have been there at all, whereas her presence and suggestions were key in the book. bolding mineWith what they (D&D, HBO) have done to her character, in what could well be described as the infancy of this series, she may well not be a character at all.  Personally, I'm fairly well entrenched in the "GoT producers don't like Catelyn, the character, the idea, the necessity" camp.  Perhaps if Esme B. had been cast as Catelyn it would all be different.  LOL.
					
					
							Edited by birdsong66, 26 April 2012 - 08:53 AM.
1241	Natmus	2012-04-26	How does Tyrion keep himself updated on the whereabout of Catelyn? In episode 3 Cat arrives at Renlys camp, and later the same episode Tyrion dispatches Petyr (who manages the brothel meanwhile, one wonders?) to Renly. And Tyrion must be aware of Catelyn being at Renly's camp, because Petyr is able to bring Ned's bones to Cat there in episode 4. No reason for Petyr to bring them along if Cat wouldn't be there, but how did they know?Also, why is Cat there at all, according to the show? In the book she had a reason and a mission, but I'm not really sure what the show is pretending she is doing there.
1242	Buckwheat	2012-04-26	1. No peach!
2. Joff, Ros and the whateverhernameis scene.
3. Too little Sansa.
4. Volantene whoever who might be Jeyne in disguise.
5. Now Catelyn is not intelligent enough to think of releasing Jaime himself? LF needs to spell the plan out for her? What.
6. Littlefinger wearing a toga or whatever that was. I have no special reason, but it annoyed me.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 26 April 2012 - 01:26 PM.
1243	secretninjaboy	2012-04-26	My biggest beef with this season: the complaints about having not enough hours to tell the story, but they waste so much screen time! We now have Talisa (WTF IS THAT) and Ros is becoming this incredibly huge character in every fucking episode. It was annoying, and then the Joff scene with her was just too much. Cut the bull, HBO, and get your act together, because the next two seasons cover a lot of material, and they don't have time to replace characters and spend half the time on fucking Ros.
1244	White Raven	2012-04-26	I don't know if anyone's pointed this out yet, but... I just realised that you'd only pronounce Qarth the way Dany does if you saw it in writing first. If someone just came to you and told you that the city is called Qarth, why would you pronounce it "Quarth"?That's interesting, does Jorah pronounce it "Qarth" or "Quarth" when he talks to Dany? i can't remember.
1245	Davos55	2012-04-26	He pronounces it Qarth, and so does Dany when she replies. Then for some reason later she says Quarth.  Perhaps it was meant to be a metajoke about people mispronouncing it or something.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 26 April 2012 - 03:05 PM.
1246	Xander Baratheon	2012-04-26	because Petyr is able to bring Ned's bones to Cat there in episode 4. No reason for Petyr to bring them along if Cat wouldn't be there, but how did they know?I knew reading this thread was a mistake because now the episode has become an even bigger disappointment to me. Every episode this season has been me at the end going, "Meh. Well, next week things will straighten out and this show will get back on track..."  Also, I'm just going to add Stannis and company in general as a letdown. If I hadn't read the books since last season I don't think I would have any idea who any of those characters really are . Davos in particular.
1247	RaiyneStark	2012-04-26	My nitpick is the modernization of the female characters. I'm a modern woman and enjoy being so, but part of the appeal of ASoIaF for me is how different the medival lifestyle and sensibilities are. In the scene where Robb meets Talisa, she shows him no respect (He is a KING) and then she says something sassy to Roose Bolton! Gasp! We all know how Talisa would have faired with book Lord Bolton had she spoken to him that way.
1248	teemo	2012-04-26	My nitpick is the modernization of the female characters. I'm a modern woman and enjoy being so, but part of the appeal of ASoIaF for me is how different the medival lifestyle and sensibilities are. In the scene where Robb meets Talisa, she shows him no respect (He is a KING) and then she says something sassy to Roose Bolton! Gasp! We all know how Talisa would have faired with book Lord Bolton had she spoken to him that way.Bolton could have shown viewers the meaning of flaying right there.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 26 April 2012 - 11:46 PM.
1249	birdsong66	2012-04-27	Also, I'm just going to add Stannis and company in general as a letdown. If I hadn't read the books since last season I don't think I would have any idea who any of those characters really are . Davos in particular.So.  Much.  This.  I've actually encouraged non-readers to wait in reading the books, until after the HBO season completes, or altogether...I mean, if you're already unsullied, why open that pandora's box of frustration? /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />  Just watch with someone who has read them and is willing to fill in the blanks.I'm a problem solver. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1250	Tadco26	2012-04-27	He pronounces it Qarth, and so does Dany when she replies. Then for some reason later she says Quarth.  Perhaps it was meant to be a metajoke about people mispronouncing it or something.I'm sure it was, but it contributed to the whole thing coming across as almost a parody of the show between that, the spice king declining to give his name "as too hard for foreigners to pronounce" (who really thinks their own name is too hard to pronounce?), Dany saying she would starve to death and then threatening to come back when her dragons were grown and the whole hand cutting ritual they made up.  It was everything that gives fantasy a bad name.  I understand the reasons for not wanting to show the dragons this episode, but the thing is the only reason they "needed" to show the dragons is because the writers made the thirteen insist on it.  As I said before, they could have easily rewritten it as follows:13 recieve Dany and refuse to let her enterDany offers to reward those who help her now once she comes into her kingdomSpice King wants to see dragons firstDany offers to show them all after they have eaten and restedXaro agrees to host them
1251	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	My nitpick is the modernization of the female characters. I'm a modern woman and enjoy being so, but part of the appeal of ASoIaF for me is how different the medival lifestyle and sensibilities are. In the scene where Robb meets Talisa, she shows him no respect (He is a KING) and then she says something sassy to Roose Bolton! Gasp! We all know how Talisa would have faired with book Lord Bolton had she spoken to him that way.Actuality there is documented evidence that peasants use to be rude and lippy to their kings.
	Spoiler True story /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />
1252	RaiyneStark	2012-04-27	Actuality there is documented evidence that peasants use to be rude and lippy to their kings.
	Spoiler True story /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' /> 
Good one!
1253	RSasoiaf	2012-04-28	I'm sure it was, but it contributed to the whole thing coming across as almost a parody of the show between that, the spice king declining to give his name "as too hard for foreigners to pronounce" (who really thinks their own name is too hard to pronounce?), Dany saying she would starve to death and then threatening to come back when her dragons were grown and the whole hand cutting ritual they made up.  It was everything that gives fantasy a bad name.  I understand the reasons for not wanting to show the dragons this episode, but the thing is the only reason they "needed" to show the dragons is because the writers made the thirteen insist on it.  As I said before, they could have easily rewritten it as follows:13 recieve Dany and refuse to let her enterDany offers to reward those who help her now once she comes into her kingdomSpice King wants to see dragons firstDany offers to show them all after they have eaten and restedXaro agrees to host themThe issue here is that they wanted Dany to go all "Fire and Blood" once again. They did get she looks cool and they seem to think itÂ´s the only thing they can have her do so far this season. Therefore, they just needed some excuse for her to go "I will burn you all with my dragons". ItÂ´s something this show has been quite consistent with, they pic a few bits and they keep reinforcing the same idea each episode. It was like that with DanyÂ´s dragon eggs last season, it is like that with Baelish, it is like that with Dany this season. Only now the idea is: You see, she has dragons and she will burn everyone who stands in her way, dont forget she has dragons and she will kick hass.I think they could have got something better for her to do and Dany would be a good character to expand from the books. I would be ok if they expand Dany at the sacrifice of other characters. But what they do is also in line with book Dany so i guess itÂ´s ok, but it is not perfect writting.
1254	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-04-28	I also feel that Joffrey is being portrayed as way too cruel and Cersei not cruel enough. It's ok to humanize her a bit like with that scene with Robert in S1, but lets not forget that she's still a bitch and capable of very cruel things when it comes to protecting her family.Too be honest, I really like Lena's Headey portrayal of Cersei. Humanizing her now may make her "fall" in AFFC and ADOD have more impact for the non- book viewers.The only think that somehow bothered me was the brother's Baratheon parlay but not that much. I am a fan of the books but I have already contemplated that some things in the TV series will be different (unless they change dramatically the plot).
1255	boojam	2012-04-28	Oh, and how they said Harrenhal did not have the SPACE for the prisoners.That's a good observation. We have not really gotten to see the inside of Harrenhal , all that much yet, even tho from afar it looks large, the interior last episode looked kind of cramped to me.Thought CGI was supposed to fix that.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 28 April 2012 - 05:42 AM.
1256	boojam	2012-04-28	Renly and Stannis are neither charismatic nor interesting.They were in charismatic the books? I didn't notice.They seemed interesting to me in the books tho.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 28 April 2012 - 05:46 AM.
1257	boojam	2012-04-28	That's interesting, does Jorah pronounce it "Qarth" or "Quarth" when he talks to Dany? i can't remember.I swear, if the teleplay writers are no having a go at us, then the actors are ad libbing.....'cause seems that Dinklage is doing it each episode, Cunningham and Dillane (the grammar thing) last episode, now this Qarth thing...
1258	RSasoiaf	2012-04-28	I dont know if anyone did speak about this before, but again with RobbÂ´s storyline:
- First Robb was the one telling is mother to go find Renly and try to broke something with him.
- Next episode they try to make Robb look like he doesnt know what he is doing and he doesnt have a plan.
Hmmmm.....he does have a plan /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
Robb wants the North to be independent
In order to achieve that he is trying to get the Greyjoys on his side
He is willing to get some deal with Renly because I guess he spots Renly as the most likely to let him get away with is King in the North stuff....and i dare say that may be the best horse to bet on considering neither Jofrey or Stannis are keen on having one kingdom less.
So....whatÂ´s that whole deal about Robb NOW being a child and having no plan???
You see...they just made him all responsible and mastermind the previous episode when HE was the one responsible for sending his mother to RenlyÂ´s camp.
So...does Robb have a plan or not? Looks to me he has.......
Also, another thing that doesnt add up is:
It is not true that Robb can just go home and run away from Tywin. ItÂ´s not like they will let him run back home and stay there. Everything that we have seen previously and everything book readers know from future events clearly says that Robb is in a death match with Tywin and this will only end when one of them is dead. Tywin will not spare him even if he is no longer threatening the South, Tywin will try to get him anyway.
So, RobbÂ´s portrayal in episode 4 really doesnt make sense considering everything that has been established thus far and everything that should happen if they want to follow the book
1259	Dott	2012-04-28	Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s pronunciation of Qarth really bugged me, especially since we've already heard her pronounce it correctly.Season 1 episode 2:Why did the trader from Qarth tell you these stories?Season 2 episode 4:The beauty of Quarth is legendary...Bitch, please
1260	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-28	I don't know if anyone's pointed this out yet, but... I just realised that you'd only pronounce Qarth the way Dany does if you saw it in writing first. If someone just came to you and told you that the city is called Qarth, why would you pronounce it "Quarth"?See I don't get this.  If you saw Qarth written without a 'u' following the 'Q', you would pronounce it Karth.  How do you pronounce Qatar???? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />  I really didn't see the point of that  little exchange in the whole scene.  And that scene was woefully directed too.
1261	Davos55	2012-04-28	It definitely was a bizarre scene. Judging from the previews it looks like we will get a good bit of Dany next episode; I am hoping the scenes will be good. I am curious to see how they present Xaro's personality and his desire for Dany's dragons.
Plus we should finally get a look at all 3 dragons!! (I really hope so atleast..)
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 28 April 2012 - 11:18 AM.
1262	teemo	2012-04-28	One word:
SOUMAI
1263	Rider of Zorses	2012-05-05	Something really small that damn near infuriated me and shows just how much Vanessa Taylor should not be writing episodes for this series: in Robb's dumbass conversation with that girl (which on the whole I didn't like, makes absolutely no sense that a common foreigner would get to talk to a bloody king like that), Robb says "You'd have us end this bloodshed, I understand. The country would be at peace."What country? This is not the 18th century, there are no countries in this series! There are kingdoms, realms, Free Cities, slaver cities, islands... But never countries! Unless Robb means the countryside regions of Westeros, this is a stupid mistake that shows off how little the writer cared about preserving the little details that make this series what it is.GAH. Didn't like this episode. /rant
1264	Bride of Winter	2012-05-05	I didn't like what they did to Jeyne Westerling, turning her into a strong woman that does what needs to be done (though that would help with some theories about Westerling motivations in the books...) instead of a silly little girl. I'll be pissed if HBO actually manages to make me care about Robb's storyline, though I doubt that will ever happen.And I was more disappointed than I would imagine that they didn't show Renly's peach.Last, why are all Stannis scenes so rushed? /bawl.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bawl:' />I agree. HBO can have a blast writing Cat, Cersei, Asha, etc. as 'strong women', considering that's how they're supposed to be in the series anyway, but they need to leave Jeyne alone. she's supposed to be young, scared, innocent, and sort of clueless. but that's what makes her and Robb's relationship (if you can call it that) stand out. I actually loved Robb's storyline just because everything was so wrong and realistic and pretty much opposite of how everything should stereotypically pan out in a fantasy series. And having Jeyne as some fierce enigma of a woman just really throws that theme off.
1265	the_stormborn	2012-06-17	First and foremost, I've been an avid supporter of the changes made for the sake of the show pretty much up until this point.  I'm not gonna lie, I absolutely hated the scene with the whores.  Joffrey is an arrogant little S.O.B. Yes. We know. We get it. We hate him.  Why are we wasting time on establishing things that we are already well-informed of?  It upsets me watching scenes like this because I feel as if they're cutting things from the book for stupidity like that. My boyfriend joke that this episode should be titled "Sex and Violence" because that's all it was.
And Renly's peach. THE PEACH!  Probably one of my favorite passages in the book and everyone I talk to who's read it loves it too. Why why why of all the scenes to cut did they have to cut the peach?!  I'm still not over it. 
Overall, I have to say that this was the most disappointing episode for me in the series so far.
1266	Draco_Dracul	2013-02-20	The cast change for The Mountain. Conan Stevens was tall and very wide, he looked like someone that would get the nickname of "The Mountain."  Ian Whyte is tall enough, but he's too skinny.
1267	Pliskin	2012-04-24	I'm sorry if this has already been discussed, but...
Davos had to smuggle Melisandre to give birth to a shadow... But they cut Cortnay Penrose and they merged the two deaths by shadow baby.
So, since the assassination does not seem to take place at Storm's End, why do they need to smuggle like they did in the book ?
The justification in the book was that Storm's End had the magical protection of Brandon the Builder. The shadow could not pass this magical barrier, and so Melisandre had to give birth inside Storm's End.
But there is no such protection for Renly's camp...
No need to smuggle. Melisandre can just give birth wherever she wants, and the shadow manages by itself to do what's needed to be done.
I understand the need for a scene like this, an interaction between Melisandre and Davos like in the books. But they seem to not care about incoherences that result from cut-offs in the adaptation.
Maybe we'll get an explanation next week ?
1268	Proudwing	2012-04-24	I got the impression that Stannis didn't want people to know what he was doing. Is Melisandre had have birthed the shadow on his ship, men would have seen it and put two and two together when they heard of Renly's death. Smuggling Melisandre to a secluded cave means that nobody sees her, and Stannis gets off blame free for his brother's murder.
1269	ClashOfTheAsh	2012-04-24	I tought the cave was supposed to be under Storms End?!?
1270	Pliskin	2012-04-24	I got the impression that Stannis didn't want people to know what he was doing. Is Melisandre had have birthed the shadow on his ship, men would have seen it and put two and two together when they heard of Renly's death. Smuggling Melisandre to a secluded cave means that nobody sees her, and Stannis gets off blame free for his brother's murder.Thanks, it makes sense !Well, the whole thread is pointless now /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />I should have posted this on the episode thread.
1271	boojam	2012-04-24	I'm sorry if this has already been discussed, but...Davos had to smuggle Melisandre to give birth to a shadow... But they cut Cortnay Penrose and they merged the two deaths by shadow baby.So, since the assassination does not seem to take place at Storm's End, why do they need to smuggle like they did in the book ?Even in the book George was speaking metaphorically, well Stannis was speaking that way to Davos, in fact , kind of tongue in cheek.Surely you don't take this to mean literally 'smuggling' Stanis is asking Davos to 'sneak' Melisandre ashore in some spot were they wont be noticed. From Davos's reaction it seems to be an old place he used to know as a smuggler.It's a play on words.
1272	Pliskin	2012-04-24	Even in the book George was speaking metaphorically, well Stannis was speaking that way to Davos, in fact , kind of tongue in cheek.Surely you don't take this to mean literally 'smuggling' Stanis is asking Davos to 'sneak' Melisandre ashore in some spot were they wont be noticed. From Davos's reaction it seems to be an old place he used to know as a smuggler.It's a play on words.Yes, I understood the reference to Davos' past, but sorry I'm not a native english speaker. I thought we could use "smuggle" as "sneak" like Stannis did.
1273	miguel sanchez	2012-04-24	umm but what about:
"There didn't used to be bars here"
"they can't stop me"
I don't remember the dialog very well, clearly, but didn't that mean that Davos thought he was supposed to be taking her further? Also, what is further on in the cave? Where does it lead? I can't understand the necessity for some iron bars to block the passage, we have no idea where it leads, it can't lead into Renly's camp? That aspect only makes sense for the original Storms end smuggling.
1274	Leto Atreides	2012-04-24	I think the scene was filmed with Storms End in mind, which was later cut out. Why would they need to sneak in a cave blocked by metal bars while Renly's camp is on a open field?
1275	_Oberyn_	2012-04-24	Basicaly they just wanted the background, or they had different plans when the scene was filmed that did not work out after all.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 24 April 2012 - 04:05 PM.
1276	Bambi	2012-04-24	Obviously the two kills will be merged, OR there will be only 1 kill: Renly, and they are at Storm's End. Renly dies --> baratheons open the gate for the another baratheon, tadam
1277	Spidey	2012-04-24	I understand the need for a scene like this, an interaction between Melisandre and Davos like in the books. But they seem to not care about incoherences that result from cut-offs in the adaptation.Maybe we'll get an explanation next week ?It's simple. On the show, the shadow babies have a very short lifespan. So Mel has to be as close as possible in order for the baby to reach and kill its target in time.At least that's how i would explain it...
					
					
							Edited by Spidey, 24 April 2012 - 06:49 PM.
1278	boojam	2012-04-24	I think the scene was filmed with Storms End in mind, which was later cut out. Why would they need to sneak in a cave blocked by metal bars while Renly's camp is on a open field?The scene is 'borrowed' from the Storms End sequence in the novel, Storms End will never explicitly occur in the limited time they have on the show.
1279	Tadco26	2012-04-24	Hopefully we find out that there is some sort of secret tunnel into Renly's camp or something to make it more understandable.  Obviously since Davos did not need to smuggle Mel in to kill Renly in the books, such an action can only be explained by the show and not from any information gathered from the books.
1280	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	There is no explanation. It doesn't make any sense. It was a big gaffe by not making time for Storm's End, especially considering how important it is to both the world building and later novels. Plus, I think the Penrose confrontation would have made fantastic television.
1281	Honey Badger	2012-04-24	Kinda weird.  Renly died in a grand pavilion in an open field.  The bars weren't necessary.  Something happened where they needed to cut Storm's End and they're forced to fit them together.  Otherwise they could have better explained that Renly was camped in a small fort somewhere for the time being, and the Onion Knight happened to know the layout for midnight smuggling.  
For the smaller scope of the show, Margaery is now the mix between herself and the QoT, while Renly's death needs to cover the castellan at Storm's End and the side story with using Edric Storm as a blood sacrifice.  All of it is being condensed.
1282	CladInShadows	2012-04-24	I pictured that they'd landed in a small cove, the only way up to the fields from which was through that cave. It seems like the first thing that Renly's men would bar off to prevent a sneak attach from that angle. Davos probably thought they were going to sneak through the cave/tunnel up to Renly's camp.
1283	boojam	2012-04-25	I pictured that they'd landed in a small cove, the only way up to the fields from which was through that cave. It seems like the first thing that Renly's men would bar off to prevent a sneak attach from that angle. Davos probably thought they were going to sneak through the cave/tunnel up to Renly's camp.Was not the implication that this was an old smugglers route (one of many) that Davos knew about, that would give access to Renly camp? The bars were there because it had been discovered and sealed off.Actually as was noted else where that was a real cave in Nort Ireland and those were real bars put up by some authority for some kind of safety reasons.I think they lucked into a ready made 'location' , worked out well.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 25 April 2012 - 06:02 AM.
1284	Pliskin	2012-04-25	I pictured that they'd landed in a small cove, the only way up to the fields from which was through that cave. It seems like the first thing that Renly's men would bar off to prevent a sneak attach from that angle. Davos probably thought they were going to sneak through the cave/tunnel up to Renly's camp.It's not the topic.I should have entitled the thread "Why do they need to access to Renly's camp ?In the books, it wasn't necessary, since there was no magical protection. The shadow made it to the camp by itself.The only kind of satisfying explanations for now are :this :I got the impression that Stannis didn't want people to know what he was doing. Is Melisandre had have birthed the shadow on his ship, men would have seen it and put two and two together when they heard of Renly's death. Smuggling Melisandre to a secluded cave means that nobody sees her, and Stannis gets off blame free for his brother's murder.(though this wasn't necessary in the books, so why in the show ?)and this :It's simple. On the show, the shadow babies have a very short lifespan. So Mel has to be as close as possible in order for the baby to reach and kill its target in time.I prefer the second one.
1285	legba11	2012-04-25	Being that we don't know anything about shadow assassins,  At least I don't, maybe I missed that day in biology,  any explanation can really suffice.  Maybe they have a very limited range. Maybe they are not that easy to target, so she needs to be close to Renly.  The Stannis not wanting his men to see it makes sense.  Maybe they need to be birthed in a special type of place. Maybe Stannisshadow is very specific and will kill something similar to what birthed him, and that's how it finds Renly. (since he is closer than Stannis)
1286	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-25	I got the impression that Stannis didn't want people to know what he was doing. Is Melisandre had have birthed the shadow on his ship, men would have seen it and put two and two together when they heard of Renly's death. Smuggling Melisandre to a secluded cave means that nobody sees her, and Stannis gets off blame free for his brother's murder.Stannis doesnt necessarily know anything. Melissandre may have told Stannis that R'hallor needs her to be carried to a specific spot for a specific purpose. And it has to be done in order for Stannis to achieve victory over his brother. She could say that no one must know, for R'hallor works in secret. So Stannis needs to use only his most trusted man for the job and they can never speak of what goes on.That's the impression that I got from the way things happen in the books. It seems like Stannis did not know anything about the shadow-baby. In the TV show he seems more knowledgable, but it could still be kept from his eyes. Melissandre intentionally keeps things from Stannis. She's answered his questions about why things need to be done with the generic 'because we serve R'hallor' before.
1287	Blangadanger	2012-04-25	To me, Renly's imminent assassination needs to be kept secret, especially since the assassin is some sort of demon spawn from Lord Stannis, who's always announcing how honourable he is, and Melisandre. If anyone saw what happened in the flooded passageway, I doubt Stannis would take over late Renly's remaining armies so readily. Stannis trusts his most loyal man to do a frightening deed far away from others that could hear or see it, so he sends Davos to a secret, dark place that few know about.
Obviously from a book-reader's perspective, we have to ask questions about Storm's End since the shadow baby chapter was introduced there (after Renly's death). But from strictly a show-watcher's perspective, I think it makes sense that a dark, magical birth needs an equally dark and isolated setting.
1288	Travex	2012-04-25	Hmmm it was actually weird that Stannis and his army was on a ship. Is it that Renly has the shore which would necessitate sneaking Mel to land via the cave/tunnel?
1289	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-25	That might freak his men out, hell i dont think he wanted to see it either
1290	Sworn Shield	2012-04-25	Its a shame they are doing it this way, in the book it was definitely a massive shock when a shadow comes out of nowhere a stabs Renly in the throat. I doubt there will the same suprise and shock moment now, although I did enjoy Davos' reaction though
					
					
							Edited by kazad, 25 April 2012 - 03:28 PM.
1291	NomadicDirewolf	2012-04-25	yh first so his army doesnt see, it would defeat the whole point of killing renly if it was blatantly obvious stannis did it. And secondly i think it was Storms End but they didnt tell the viewer so as not to confuse them or something, but dropped hints to tell the reader that it is storms end, like when davos says that "they've blocked up the passage since i was last hear" or something along those lines, so it implies he was smuggling and thus storms end, as the place would have to be on the sea anyway
1292	Arkash	2012-04-25	I agree, sad we wont get the shock of Renly's death like in the books.
1293	boojam	2012-04-25	I agree, sad we wont get the shock of Renly's death like in the books.How it breaks down:(1) If you read the book , no shock.(2) If you have not read the book, probably wondering what the hell is going on.(Depending on how smart one is.)
1294	boojam	2012-04-25	Hmmm it was actually weird that Stannis and his army was on a ship. Is it that Renly has the shore which would necessitate sneaking Mel to land via the cave/tunnel?If I remember it's not clear even in the novel. Stannis and his main entourage could have been on boats while his main army was encamped on shore.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 25 April 2012 - 06:59 PM.
1295	jugdesh258	2012-04-27	Combining two Character POV chapters seems par for the course in every comparison thread we discuss.  It should not be so surprising at this point.
The cave scene is a great part of the book come to life on screen.  I liked it.
Matters not to me if it is Renly or Whatshimname.......since we know the whatshisname was going to be dropped we would otherwise be cheated.
It is where Davos is sure the Red priest is evil....although the rest of us are still wondering at that.  I am sure there are plenty of other threads about that
1296	Volantis	2012-11-04	I think the scene was filmed with Storms End in mind, which was later cut out. Why would they need to sneak in a cave blocked by metal bars while Renly's camp is on a open field?Its called bad writing
1297	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-04-25	Hello.  Long time reader, first time poster.
I've been noticing that a lot of people are complaining about the inclusion of the prostitute Ros in the show. I can understand that - the character seems to come out of left field.
However there is one character in the books who was mentioned in A Game of Thrones and REALLY became important in A Dance with Dragons, even though she doesn't get a lot of 'screen time'.  And that is Jeyne Poole.
My theory is that they have excluded Jeyne Poole and added this Ros character so that the Theon storyline will be even more poignant.
	Spoiler 
Given that Theon is castrated, and his relationship with Ros during Season 1, his willingness to overcome his fear of Ramsey Snow is given an extra needed push.

Thoughts?
1298	Balefont	2012-04-26	Are you trolling?
If not, I suggest you go back and read the season 1 threads and then go through the season 2 threads.  I'm sorry but it's not a new theory nor have is been collectively decided a plausible one.
1299	Woman of War	2012-04-26	@Librarian of Lannisport
Welcome to the forum /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
@Balefont
You are incredibly impolite with a first time poster, but maybe you are only trolling and in RL you are totally nice.
					
					
							Edited by Woman of War, 26 April 2012 - 05:44 AM.
1300	The Monkey	2012-04-26	It could work, but I think that part of the tragedy of Jeyne Poole's character was that she was a young, innocent girl who suddenly got thrown into a nightmare. I think the effect of the viewers would be diminished if it was experienced by a whore instead, even though obviously it's the same level of horror for the actual person.
That made my sound like a cold-hearted bastard, but I hope you get my point.
1301	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-26	How is anyone going to think Ros looks anything like Arya?
1302	David Selig	2012-04-26	Welcome to the forum, Librarian of Lannister. I've seen this theory before and I strongly disagree with it. Ros is way older than Arya and looks nothing like her at all. Nobody would be fooled which totally defeats the point. Jeyne Poole in the books is similar age to Arya and was raised in Winterfell and knew Sansa, Arya, and everyone in the castle well, and probably received good education too since she was a noble and a close friend of Sansa. None of this applies to Ros. Why would the Boltons accept her, they'd be better off taking a random peasant girl Arya's age for that role instead, at least then they'd have a chance to fool someone.
1303	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-26	It does seem like that's the way the show is heading though I don't think they've made any definate plans that far ahead. It would be totally unrealistic and not keeping with the books but no more I guess than a noble woman treating soldiers alone on the battlefield after victory by her enemy.
1304	Kittykatknits	2012-04-26	I've heard this before but that she would pretend to be Sansa as they both have the red hair.
1305	Sera dy Relandrant	2012-04-26	Sansa does not look thirty years old.
1306	Buckwheat	2012-04-26	I've heard this before but that she would pretend to be Sansa as they both have the red hair.Sansa is legally married to Tyrion at that point. She cannot marry Bolton as well.Another argument against this theory: ADWD, when we learn about Jeyne Poole's fate, was released after they have already shot the first season. They could not be thinking that far ahead, because they did not even have the necessary information.Some theories are terribly far-fetched.
1307	TheHunt	2012-04-26	It does seem like that's the way the show is heading though I don't think they've made any definate plans that far ahead. It would be totally unrealistic and not keeping with the books but no more I guess than a noble woman treating soldiers alone on the battlefield after victory by her enemy.Is she a noble woman? I don't remember it being mentioned. And she isn't on the Lannisters side, she is from Volantis.
1308	TheHunt	2012-04-26	Jeyne Poole is in the first series very briefly but doesn't have any speaking parts that I recall so it seems unlikely that they'll have that same actress come back to play the roll. I did think she had some resemblance to the actress who plays Arya though so it is possible they'll bring her back.
1309	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-04-26	That you all for replying.  And the short answer is no - I am not trolling.  Although I did search through some of the season 2 threads, I didn't see this addressed or mentioned.  So I wanted to bring it up. I apologize if I've annoyed anyone.  It may be hard to believe but I just don't have much time to go through all the threads.
I agree that it doesn't fit with the books at all and there are multiple reasons why it doesn't fit with Martin's vision.
However, I'm trying to think about what makes sense in an HBO series and where the producers of the SHOW might be going. 
In the books, it is at the very least implied that Jeyne Poole was kept in one of Littlefinger's brothels as a whore during her time in Kings Landing.  Thus the whore aspect of Jeyne is there.  Add that to the obvious connection with Theon during season 1 and it does appear to me that Ros as a replacement for Jeyne Poole is at least plausible.
Also, in the books pretty much everyone who was close to the Stark family and knew them well enough to know them personally is dead - courtesy of Theon and Ramsey Snow.  Just because someone worked at Winterfell doesn't mean that they would be able to identify one of the Starks after several years and going from child to adult.
If Ros does not end up being the replacement for Jeyne Poole, then the build up of her character makes NO sense and should be killed off.  In which case, I too hope she goes.
I was only trying to figure out a reason for featuring Ros as much as she has been so far.
1310	ace	2012-04-26	Ros doesn't exist for any storyline reason. She exists for one and only purpose: to strip. When/if she grows tired of stripping or becomes too old to make virgin teens horny she'll die (no doubt naked) and be replaced with another stripper. I don't understand why so many people keep discussing the storyline value/deeper meaning of these T&A scenes. Love them of hate them at least be honest with yourself about what they're there for.
1311	Nebmai	2012-04-26	Ros doesn't exist for any storyline reason. She exists for one and only purpose: to strip. When/if she grows tired of stripping or becomes too old to make virgin teens horny she'll die (no doubt naked) and be replaced with another stripper. I don't understand why so many people keep discussing the storyline value/deeper meaning of these T&A scenes. Love them of hate them at least be honest with yourself about what they're there for.Silly and fairly sexist thing to say, ofc she is there for story line reasons; just because you don't like the reasons or the storylines doesn't mean they magically aren't there.I hate to say it, but I think they will use Ros for something like this.  GRRM has stated that he has told D + D his general endgame ideas, this could of included some things from book 5 before it was published so they could of been planning using Ros as a Jeyne type thing from the start.  I don't like the idea of it, but it would make the character make way more sense overall.I don't think her being Arya would work, but if they did away with the Tyrion / Sansa marriage her being used to be Sansa would be semi reasonable.  I do think the imposter Stark daughter story is a bigger thing in the books then the Tyrion and Sansa get married but they don't consumate it and it really doesn't do anything but further get Joffrey to antagonize both of them.I don't want this to be what they do, but I could see it happening and it would explain some of the so far confusing choices made on the series.
1312	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-26	I think Ros is basically an original character, not there to replace an existing character (like Talisa) but with her own plot arc. Her plot arc sucks at the moment, but who knows? It might be going somewhere.
1313	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-26	I really don't see how they could use her as a Jeyne Pool stand in.  We did get a shot of Jeyne Pool at the feast for King Robert in the very first episode, and I am pretty sure Sansa mentioned her by name too.
I'm as annoyed as everyone else by the Ros character.  I wondered this year whether she would be taking the Chataya/Alayaya roles, but that would only make sense if they'd gone along with Shae hiding in her brothel.  They may still drag her into the Tyrion beating Tommen if Cersei harms Ros (Alayaya) sideline, but I think that would be a bit pointless too.  They have far too much story to cover.  I really think her role lies within Littlefinger's future storylines.  I did read on a blog somewhere that D & D said she was going to be very important this series.  We're still waiting, Dan and David.  We're still waiting....
1314	Woman of War	2012-04-26	I cannot believe that they might leave out the Sansa/Tyrion marriage . This is far too important for describing both characters, apart from that the wedding night is a sophistically written psychological study, embarrassing, sad and awkward at its best, simply good writing - nooo ..... don't leave that out!
And, sorry, I think that the Ros actress is not bad. I do not mind nudity and sex as long as as it's not only the women that get presented and as long as it truly promotes the story. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> But then I am European (sorry couldn't resist /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> )
And I am aware that undressing may not be part of the contracts of the more important actors. But since people need not be stereotypically attractive and young to be sexy and charismatic I would definitely like to see the sex scenes between the characters as they are in the books, as beautiful, ugly, cruel or awkward as they are.
1315	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-26	Sansa and Tyrion's wedding night doesn't need any nudity at all, since the whole point is that nothing happens. It should be a nice little character scene.
1316	Happy Ent	2012-04-26	Welcome to the board, â<U+0080><U+0099>sport.
1317	Fragile Bird	2012-04-26	Hello.  Long time reader, first time poster.My theory is that they have excluded Jeyne Poole and added this Ros character so that the Theon storyline will be even more poignant.I'm always impressed with 1st time posters who start threads, lol!  Perhaps you should change your name to Ser Librarian of Lannisport!My theory is that Ros is around for Cersei's dark side - she'll be the prostitute whipped when Tyrion takes away Tommen, and she may end up with Qyburn.
1318	Warhammer	2012-04-26	I was thinking she may be a Sand Snake on some kind of recon mission in deep cover. (Crackpot)
I don't really think the Sansa swap for Ros would work. It would really throw a wrentch into Littlefinger's plans, would be much harder for him to produce the real Sansa if this one gets firmly established.
Plus, I watched enough tv to know hookers know how to fight back, proper ladies don't. 1:1 I'd give an angry hooker a shot against the Bastard of Bolton.
					
					
							Edited by Warhammer, 26 April 2012 - 05:53 PM.
1319	boojam	2012-04-26	Hello.  Long time reader, first time poster.I've been noticing that a lot of people are complaining about the inclusion of the prostitute Ros in the show. I can understand that - the character seems to come out of left field.However there is one character in the books who was mentioned in A Game of Thrones and REALLY became important in A Dance with Dragons, even though she doesn't get a lot of 'screen time'.  And that is Jeyne Poole.My theory is that they have excluded Jeyne Poole and added this Ros character so that the Theon storyline will be even more poignant.
	Spoiler Given that Theon is castrated, and his relationship with Ros during Season 1, his willingness to overcome his fear of Ramsey Snow is given an extra needed push.
Thoughts?How many people don't own the DVD's with the commentary?David Benioff and D. B. Weiss point out the Jeyne Poole character explicity in the cometary for episode 1 , Season 1, at the banquet scene.Who the actress is , I don't know.(This keeps coming up would people please go out and buy the DVD and watch it with the commentary.)
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 26 April 2012 - 06:46 PM.
1320	Nebmai	2012-04-26	Just because there was a Jeyne in one scene doesn't mean Ros won't be the "Jeyne" fake Stark daughter.
1321	Balefont	2012-04-26	@BalefontYou are incredibly impolite with a first time poster, but maybe you are only trolling and in RL you are totally nice.Sorry.  You're right.  I was short with the new poster.  Patience wears thin with people who don't take te time to lurk before blowing their load on starting a New Theory Thread.Kids these days not doing their homework and all that.
1322	Harimad	2012-04-26	I think using Ros as a Chatya/Alayaya (spelling, apologies, I'm too lazy to reach over to the bookshelf) makes the most sense. That said, the show has already deviated in a few ways from the books and I'm doing my best (and often failing) to trust GRRM and D&D. I think the Arya-Jeyne-Bolton story line is really interesting and hasn't played itself out yet. I guess we have to remember that the character list does...shrink...somewhat later on so it is plausible that Jeyne could reappear. Her relationship with Sansa could be explained in a few words (if necessary) or she could simply be a girl they found that looks like Arya. 
I understood the use of her and the other whore to show Joffrey's real sadistic side and that if they start showing him shooting cats with crossbolts in the next episode, that will be just another facet to his twisted little mind. I have not understood some of the Ros scenes and though they were somewhat gratuitous, not necessarily in nudity but more in that they seemed out of place --I guess i'm deviating back to the Littlefinger scene. Not a huge fan of her either, but GRRM has all sorts of tricks up his sleeve and he's running this crazy ship. 
How is everyone feeling about the changes in the Qarth-Danaerys storyline?
1323	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-04-26	Again, my apologies for having upset or offended any 'keepers of board' due to my inadequate diligence in looking at threads before posting.
Harimand - I guess part of my concern is that I'm not really sure how much of the series ship GRRM is really running.  But I imagine we'll all know in time - if HBO sticks with the series through the bitter end.  But the use as Chatya/Alayaya stand in does make sense.  I just can't get past her northern origins.
I'm not sure how I feel about the changes in Danaeys storyline.  I'm really interested to see how they handle the House of the Undying.  But then, I must admit that Danaery has never been my favorite chapters of the book to read. :-)  I don't really know why, except to say that she doesn't seem that much of an inspired leader to me.
1324	Khal-a-bunga	2012-04-26	I totally agree that Ros is being set up to take the place of Alayaya in the show, especially after the last episode (Garden of Bones). I imagine Tyrion will visit Ros in the brothels (or possibly have her brought to his chambers) where one of Cersei's spies will witness this and tell her. They're not going to have that scene with Joffrey and not have it pay off somewhere down the line, and I'm pretty positive this will be it. As far as Ros having different origins than the original character - does it really matter?
1325	teemo	2012-04-26	Welcome OP.  This isn't aimed at you directly (it's not even what you said, exactly).  
I don't know much I can express the ridiculousness of the idea that Ros may be fake Arya Stark.  Now if they decide to scrap the idea of a fake Arya Stark marrying Roose Bolton altogether, well, I don't like that idea either....but maybe they could do something with Ros, since D&D love her so.  
But if Ros actually replaces Jeyne Poole, that's just plain idiotic.  Maisie Williams is 15 and not only that but looks like a bit younger (and she's supposed to be, even in the show), while the woman who plays Ros is 30 and looks it.  The idea that anyone thinks Ros could pass off as a fake Arya just baffles me.
1326	Librarian of Lannisport	2012-04-26	Welcome OP.  This isn't aimed at you directly (it's not even what you said, exactly).  I don't know much I can express the ridiculousness of the idea that Ros may be fake Arya Stark.  Now if they decide to scrap the idea of a fake Arya Stark marrying Roose Bolton altogether, well, I don't like that idea either....but maybe they could do something with Ros, since D&D love her so.But if Ros actually replaces Jeyne Poole, that's just plain idiotic.  Maisie Williams is 15 and not only that but looks like a bit younger (and she's supposed to be, even in the show), while the woman who plays Ros is 30 and looks it.  The idea that anyone thinks Ros could pass off as a fake Arya just baffles me.I agree with you about the ridulousness of idea.  It DOES seem stupid given their age discrepancies.  The only way around it might be the fact that once the fake Arya is married, no one really sees her because Ramsey keeps her imprisoned in 'their' chamber. *shudder*   So who's to say Ayra's time under the 'tender' care of the Lannisters didn't age her prematurely. As for the hair color issue - if Sansa can dye her hair for Littlefinger, so can Ros.Personally, I think it would have been just as easy to include Jeyne in scenes with Sansa prior to Robert's death (never like the Septa) and shown her being 'educated' by Littlefinger - even beaten by Joff (wouldn't THAT have thrilled him?  He would have gladly have used Jeyne as a scapegoat) - in order to keep her in people's minds.  But Jeyne did not have that sexual connection with Theon (thank god!), and I feel that D&D are setting up the Theon storyline.Not saying it's a good idea - I don't think it is.  I just think this is where the producers are headed.  But I could easily be wrong and they're only including Ros for the sex scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Librarian of Lannisport, 26 April 2012 - 10:02 PM.
1327	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-27	It could be that Ros will flee back to the North; and wind up in the Dreadfort as Ramsey's favorite whore; so that she can have poignant scenes with Reeky Theon there without masquerading as Arya.  Of course, Ramsey doesn't have favorite prostitutes/concubines; we know what he does to the ones he likes; but they've already changed the story, what's one more tweak?  Or, they could have Ros and Theon sub for Kyra and Theon, with the escape/hunt occurring much later; and have Ros either be killed and Theon escape or both of them make it to Stannis' forces - but then why would he put himself out to do anything for a prostitute?  As I recall, Stannis is not particularly sensitive to the difficulties faced by prostitutes, even prostitutes who have been abused (as she would have been to some degree by Ramsey).  They really should have kept Jeyne Poole with Sansa; which would have not cost much money; she didn't have much dialogue in King's Landing, more like a lot of crying after the Lannister coup, poor thing; and then she would have been taken away by Cersei and  Littlefinger would have placed her in one of his whorehouses (which didn't have to be shown, just mentioned), where she would have stayed unseen until they needed her to be fake-Arya.  
					
					
							Edited by Raksha the Demon, 27 April 2012 - 05:08 AM.
1328	Balefont	2012-04-27	See this is another reason why this made up character must go: She's the subject of overmuch discussion and speculation.
/wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1329	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-27	See this is another reason why this made up character must go: She's the subject of overmuch discussion and speculation.Since she's the only character we don't know the general fate of, this is inevitable.
1330	Tadco26	2012-04-27	I totally agree that Ros is being set up to take the place of Alayaya in the show, especially after the last episode (Garden of Bones). I imagine Tyrion will visit Ros in the brothels (or possibly have her brought to his chambers) where one of Cersei's spies will witness this and tell her. They're not going to have that scene with Joffrey and not have it pay off somewhere down the line, and I'm pretty positive this will be it. As far as Ros having different origins than the original character - does it really matter?It's possible, though the only resemblance to Alayaya would be her being beaten.  Shae is already inside the castle as Sansa's hand maid, and Cersei "catching" Tyrion with Ros could easily be explained truthfully as him visiting her because he paid her to visit Joffrey.   Also it was Varys who helped orchestrate Tyrion's secret get togethers, Littlefinger owns Ros' brothel.  Ros taking a beating because Cersei believes it will hurt Tyrion when Ros has no idea why she is being punished, is not the same as Alayaya knowingly helping Tyrion and getting punished for it while protecting Tyrion and Shae.The Alayaya substitution would have made more sense if they had kept Tyrion sneaking around to see Shae, but so far he has already had her in his room in the Tower of the Hand (where he comments how Ned slept on this bed to her), and despite his comments that he wants to keep her hidden from the queen, we have seen no evidence of him sneaking around to see her so far.  Certainly they COULD rewrite the story so that she is necessary again, but why move up Shae becoming Sansa's handmaid, instead of sticking closer to the original plot and having Tyrion have to sneak thru the brothel secret passages?  They also have not given any clues to the secret tunnels inside the Red Keep yet.  Ros has had an awful lot of scenes setting her up, if her only resemblance to Alayaya is to take a beating from Cersei.
					
					
							Edited by Tadco26, 27 April 2012 - 09:45 AM.
1331	Balefont	2012-04-27	Ros has had an awful lot of scenes setting her up, if her only resemblance to Alayaya is to take a beating from Cersei.Don't forget all the sexposition!
1332	BoldAsYouPlease	2012-04-27	Ros doesn't exist for any storyline reason. She exists for one and only purpose: to strip. When/if she grows tired of stripping or becomes too old to make virgin teens horny she'll die (no doubt naked) and be replaced with another stripper. I don't understand why so many people keep discussing the storyline value/deeper meaning of these T&A scenes. Love them of hate them at least be honest with yourself about what they're there for.Actually, I don't remember seeing Ros without clothes this season - I saw another poster mention that the actress might have been pregnant during filming. So they're bent on continuing with the Ros character, clothes or not, which makes the reason for the character's existence all the more mystifying.
1333	Khal-a-bunga	2012-04-27	It's possible, though the only resemblance to Alayaya would be her being beaten.  Shae is already inside the castle as Sansa's hand maid, and Cersei "catching" Tyrion with Ros could easily be explained truthfully as him visiting her because he paid her to visit Joffrey.   Also it was Varys who helped orchestrate Tyrion's secret get togethers, Littlefinger owns Ros' brothel.  Ros taking a beating because Cersei believes it will hurt Tyrion when Ros has no idea why she is being punished, is not the same as Alayaya knowingly helping Tyrion and getting punished for it while protecting Tyrion and Shae.The Alayaya substitution would have made more sense if they had kept Tyrion sneaking around to see Shae, but so far he has already had her in his room in the Tower of the Hand (where he comments how Ned slept on this bed to her), and despite his comments that he wants to keep her hidden from the queen, we have seen no evidence of him sneaking around to see her so far.  Certainly they COULD rewrite the story so that she is necessary again, but why move up Shae becoming Sansa's handmaid, instead of sticking closer to the original plot and having Tyrion have to sneak thru the brothel secret passages?  They also have not given any clues to the secret tunnels inside the Red Keep yet.  Ros has had an awful lot of scenes setting her up, if her only resemblance to Alayaya is to take a beating from Cersei.I forgot to mentioned that Tyrion would be visiting Ros to inquire about what happened with Joffrey (or something along those lines), but Cersei wouldn't realize that (as you already mentioned; Ros isn't as complicit as Alayaya had been in the novels). But again, this is an adaptation of the novels, so it may play out a bit differently while retaining the same function to the plot. If anything, I think this makes the most sense both from an economical storytelling stand-point, and from how Ros has been developed throughout the course of this season. A lot of people have mentioned that Ros may have gained weight or that she may be pregnant, which is why we haven't seen her portrayed as she was last season for the most part (i.e. naked). I'm of the thinking that she's kept her clothes on so the audience is more easily able to focus on her as a character, and provide a bit more legitimacy when she's taken by Cersei (or whatever ends up happening). Ros a Jeyne Poole on the other hand... Incredibly stupid (no offense meant, but it is dumb).
1334	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-27	ADWD, when we learn about Jeyne Poole's fate, was released after they have already shot the first season. They could not be thinking that far ahead, because they did not even have the necessary information.No, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s untrue.  David and Dan read the draft of Dance before they shot the first season, and also conferred with Martin extensively.  They certainly knew of Jeyne Pooleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eventual rA´le in Dance.
1335	Tadco26	2012-04-27	I forgot to mentioned that Tyrion would be visiting Ros to inquire about what happened with Joffrey (or something along those lines), but Cersei wouldn't realize that (as you already mentioned; Ros isn't as complicit as Alayaya had been in the novels). But again, this is an adaptation of the novels, so it may play out a bit differently while retaining the same function to the plot. If anything, I think this makes the most sense both from an economical storytelling stand-point, and from how Ros has been developed throughout the course of this season. A lot of people have mentioned that Ros may have gained weight or that she may be pregnant, which is why we haven't seen her portrayed as she was last season for the most part (i.e. naked). I'm of the thinking that she's kept her clothes on so the audience is more easily able to focus on her as a character, and provide a bit more legitimacy when she's taken by Cersei (or whatever ends up happening).Ros a Jeyne Poole on the other hand... Incredibly stupid (no offense meant, but it is dumb).I don't think Ros is a bad actress, and some of her scenes have played out fine for me.  But even the original Alayaya is a very minor character in the grand scheme of things, and I always saw her point being the go between for Shae, which is no longer needed.  If you cut out Alayaya's original purpose, then dropping her entire story completely makes sense from a time saving aspect. That being said I wouldn't be shocked if you were right and they ended one of the episodes with Cersei confronting Tyrion and saying "I have your whore", cut to the credits and find out it is Ros next week.  Which could be fine, but I won't accept that as a good justification for the number of other scenes she has been in if that is supposed to be the big pay off.
1336	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	Sorry.  You're right.  I was short with the new poster.  Patience wears thin with people who don't take te time to lurk before blowing their load on starting a New Theory Thread.In his defence i have a sneaky suspicion alot of people have been "blowing their load" at this Ros thing /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1337	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-27	How is everyone feeling about the changes in the Qarth-Danaerys storyline?I re-read ACoK recently and I thought they would/should play Qarth a little differently. For me, something that was very underplayed in the book was Dany coming to the Elders of Qarth (can't remember their actual title) and asking for help and being denied. At this point in her story, she's in desperate need of allies and the fact that she asked for Qarth's help and didn't get it didn't form a major part of her time there. I think merging Xaro/The Thirteen with the city elders was a good way to bring that aspect out more.People are, somewhat understandably, a little suspicious of any deviation from the books. For example, someone, somewhere will end up bitching about TV Xaro not being gay (or being from the Summer Isles) or the Qartheen not crying constantly. What Qarth really needs to do is take her in, hear her ask for help, deny her then force her to turn to the warlocks. Adding in Qaithe and her eventual meeting with Barristan. If it does this whilst being good, dramatic TV, it'll be good.
1338	Ororo727 Jon Snow Fangirl	2012-04-28	Sansa does not look thirty years old.Neither does little Arya. It appears the Ros and Daisy are a variation of Chataya and Alayaya.
1339	teemo	2012-04-28	People are, somewhat understandably, a little suspicious of any deviation from the books. For example, someone, somewhere will end up bitching about TV Xaro not being gay (or being from the Summer Isles) or the Qartheen not crying constantly. What Qarth really needs to do is take her in, hear her ask for help, deny her then force her to turn to the warlocks. Adding in Qaithe and her eventual meeting with Barristan. If it does this whilst being good, dramatic TV, it'll be good.So you don't think he'll be gay in the show?
1340	Harimad	2012-04-29	So you don't think he'll be gay in the show?I thought he was from the Summer Isles? i only watched the episode once so i could be wrong but he is the only black guy and i THOUGHT i remembered him saying "Even someone such as I from the Summer Isles can become on of the Thirteen..." or something to that effect. But please someone correct me if i'm wrong!!I think he could still be gay, that didn't come out until a little later when she knew him better from what i remember.I think it's good that they moved the show along instead of her wandering around in the desert for another episode..or 2..or 6....honestly, I've never been a fan of Dany's story line in the books OR show. i think they're beautifully done but the only person I like in them is Jorah Mormont now that Jason Momoa has sadly been killed off /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I can't wait for Barristan to show up, it's going to be interesting to see if non-readers catch on to who he is or if they'll disguise him enough with the beard and different clothes. I always thought that was a good twist, although I might have just been slow on the uptake
					
					
							Edited by Harimad, 29 April 2012 - 09:32 PM.
1341	Buckwheat	2012-05-02	No, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s untrue.  David and Dan read the draft of Dance before they shot the first season, and also conferred with Martin extensively.  They certainly knew of Jeyne Pooleâ<U+0080><U+0099>s eventual rA´le in Dance.Whoops, sorry, did not know that. But, anyway, I would not want Ros taking a bigger role than she already has.
1342	Volantis	2012-10-29	How is anyone going to think Ros looks anything like Arya?Besides the actress playing Ros is twice the age of Maise Williams
1343	teemo	2012-04-22	There wasn't much of him, but he's pretty close to what I've always pictured.  Of course there remains a lot more to be seen, but so far so good.  Liked the flayed comment they threw in there.  Wish he was wearing proper colors.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 22 April 2012 - 09:56 PM.
1344	ckal	2012-04-22	Basically exactly how I pictured him. Didn't see a lot of him, but pretty sure he had those pale eyes and plain face GRRM likes to reference. I also like how he got to get in a line about flaying men =P
Good cast.
1345	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-22	I'm disappointed that he isn't softspoken and creepy but I guess that would paint him as a villain too clearly.
I like how they've already fleshed out the Bolton way of thinking...
1346	Trebla	2012-04-22	I liked that he paralleled The Mountain like Robb did to Tywin. Sometimes a lord has to rein in his bloodthirsty men. That scene also had a ring of the books as well. Ned mentioned that Roose wanted to have Ser Barristan's throat slit after the Trident.
1347	wolverine	2012-04-22	I think his eyes could have been a more pale but otherwise he looked good for the role.
1348	BondJamesBond	2012-04-22	They are just warming up the audience to the full horror that is Roose and Ramsey.
1349	Fat Mac	2012-04-22	I liked him. He showed the Bolton way of doing things quite well, and probably informed non-book fans that not all Northmen are like the Starks.
1350	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-22	Less imponent than I thought reading the books, but looks promising.
1351	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-22	He should have been wearing pink, but other than that no complaints. It's odd watching those two walk side by side, discussing strategy, while knowing that Roose will be the one to deliver Robb's coup de grace
1352	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	As soon as I saw him, I feared him.  He's Vladimir Putin, looks just like him, only taller.  Compelling voice.  Dead eyes.  He scares me.  Perfect!
1353	TheHedgeWizard	2012-04-22	Thought his look was great,but yeah could of been more soft spoken. Why the heck was he in the west with Robb though?
1354	LauraD	2012-04-22	Yeah, the softspoken, demure thing was really what defined him in the books.  Made it clear that his cruelty was not some extreme outward aggressiveness, but rather something twisted deep inside.  It just added a whole level of creepy.
1355	Iron Captain	2012-04-22	Other than him being a little louder than expected (as many of you have already said), I thought he was near spot on.  In just a few lines they really seemed to portray how Roose thinks.
1356	Winterfell is Burning	2012-04-22	Great casting; there wasn't a lot of him yet, but just to see him talking so calmly about flaying men alive, even a non-reader will understand this guy is dangerous.
1357	MegasAV	2012-04-22	I agree well cast, in my mind in the book I always pictured him as a John Malkovich look alike and the show accurately showed that.
1358	The  Halfhand	2012-04-22	Well cast, but I got angry as soon as I saw him. I knew instantly it was Roose Bolton. I guess that's a good thing for the show writers.
1359	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-22	too little so far, but glad to see him finally introduced
1360	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2012-04-22	I expected him to be taller
1361	Tewks44	2012-04-22	I imagined him to be more pasty and soft spoken.  I love how the show interpreted his character, don't get me wrong, but in my mind I picture him talking almost like he's in some kind of constant daze.  I'm looking forward to seeing more of him though.
1362	jsjoslin18	2012-04-22	perfect.
1363	congokong	2012-04-22	I don't recall him being bald in the books. He's also not soft spoken or wearing his pink. Can't tell if he has pale eyes. And what the hell is he doing with Robb?
1364	Independent George	2012-04-22	Loved the voice. I think it's too easy to get hung up on differences from the books - even if it's not a whisper, it carries a certain gravity that suits the character well. He had maybe five lines, yet he stands in immediate contrast to the bombast of the Greatjon. He's obviously intelligent, yest speaks so casually of flaying the prisoners... All in all, I thought it was extremely well done.
1365	Caro99	2012-04-22	i imagined him shorter, but that actor was just BRILLIANT! the face, the voice, the pale blue eyes... it gave me chills to see him talking with robb when we know what he'll do later on, but i loved that jeyne/talisa shut him up. i can't see jeyne from the books doing that much as i love her... if they cast the acurate actor for the role of ramsay, then i say we have two potential main villains for the fourth season and beyond...
1366	Oberyn King	2012-04-22	His voice is too powerful, but he's a perfect Roose.
1367	IronSuitor	2012-04-23	When complaining about the volume of his voice it's useful to remember how annoying it would be to have one character, who delivers relatively important lines pretty regularly, being nearly inaudible.
1368	Ser Hippie	2012-04-23	When complaining about the volume of his voice it's useful to remember how annoying it would be to have one character, who delivers relatively important lines pretty regularly, being nearly inaudible.Pretty much this. Wearing pink would have been a nice touch but I think he conveyed the "boy this guy is creepy" well with his lines about torturing and flaying as well as hinting at his disagreement with Robb's standards.
1369	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	Very good i though, the voice is good for tv its the calmness that maters not the volume.
1370	Francisco R. Fonseca	2012-04-23	ICAM, he looks almost exactly as how I pictured him, whuch is always nice haha. I also liked the flayed man referrence.
1371	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	Perfection. There's something mildly creepy about his presence. He's practically cadaverous but still not entirely threatening. Establishes the mindset of House Bolton and that not all Northmen are good guys. As far as the clothing color, I don't think the common tv fan is ready for a pink swathed warrior...
1372	Davos55	2012-04-23	I was so pumped, he was Excellent!!! Great voice, looked almost exactly like I pictured him, great presence, and made an immediate memorable impression! I can't wait to see more of him.
As far as him wearing pink, I think maybe they will give him a light faded pink cloak later on or something. They could pull that off.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 23 April 2012 - 02:51 AM.
1373	strifed169	2012-04-23	I was expecting Roose to have long hair
1374	Honey Badger	2012-04-23	Didn't leave too much of an impression as he only had 45 seconds to get some work in.  I like that he wasn't soft spoken as it'd be too cartoon villain-like for it to show properly on television.  Also expected the pink but glad they left it out.  Too many preconceptions of him being gay or prissy for the audience to overcome.  They could reintroduce elements of pink when they establish the exposed flesh, the severed fingers, the casual nature of a Bolton flaying.
In the books I think Bolton can get away with whisper quiet and pink, but on a visual medium it'd be cheesy.  Remember that they were outside, and asking for the atmosphere of a Bolton quietly creeping you out wouldn't work in that scene.
1375	Lady Stormheart	2012-04-23	Somehow I pictured him more plain, more Geoffrey Rush-ish.
1376	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	He was perfect
1377	Bajaz	2012-04-23	Good choice for Roose Bolton.
1378	Addam	2012-04-23	I thought he was great.  He was long haired in the books I believe, but that doesn't matter at all to me hear.  Whether or not he had pale eyes wouldn't really show up I don't think.  He is also not the first to have a different hairstyle from the books, nor is he the first to not drape himself in the house colours he was described as wearing in the books.  I did find that he spoke a little more quietly, or perhaps, just without emotion when compared to the other northerners.   Having hims significantly quieter would have been detrimental to the show.
1379	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-23	I really liked him. It sets him up as the slightly "darker" ally of good-guy-Robb, and he looks great -- imposing and cool. 
Very good cast.
1380	Bride of Winter	2012-04-23	he couldn't have been better IMO. you have to take into consideration how silly a pink cloak and extremely soft voice would seem on tv. they got his character as good as they could - and it was great.
1381	Crown	2012-04-23	I though he was perfect, hopefully he gets more screen time so people know who will betray Robb at the RW and Theon in Winterfell (Yes, I think they'll be merging Roose and Ramsay).
1382	WinterWarrior	2012-04-23	I think he was good and the fact that they had him talking about flaying right away shows me they are setting up the Ramsey/Theon story already. I don't agree that they will be combining the Roos/Ramsay characters.
1383	hombay	2012-04-23	Didn't like him. Then I saw the eyes...
1384	IronSuitor	2012-04-23	Obviously slightly different from in the books, but not in a bad way. I just hope the set his character up sufficiently , maybe another war council scene with Robb just to make him stick in non-reader's minds.
1385	zep	2012-04-23	Agree with what the concensus seems to be. He definitely looks the part (I agree with the choice to hold off on him wearing pink), but the voice could have been done better. I always had a very specific idea as to what Roose would sound like, and that definitely was not it. Good casting nonetheless I suppose.
1386	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-23	Knew immediately he was Roose Bolton, so I guess the casting was well done.
1387	Blangadanger	2012-04-23	My immediate impression of him was somewhat hampered by my own questions about why he was there on the battlefield next to Robb. Nonetheless I do think he fit the role perfectly. It did seem to be a very subtle introduction to the character; I'm curious if tv-only viewers really thought much of him at all.
1388	Lord Martin	2012-04-23	Voice was spot on.... i felt myself straining to listen, which is exactly as Roose Bolton should be.
I always envisioned Roose a little taller, a little younger looking and a little more fancy.   But the actor they have is superb, no complaints.
1389	Greenseer Stark	2012-04-23	Thought he was really good. Didn't mind that he wasn't in pink at this stage.  I thought they had him looking slightly ill (possibly a nod to leeches and being pale, etc.) and the eyes were great! In my head he had a quieter voice, but still in the same tone as the actor. I get why they changed these minor things for television though. Looking forward to seeing how they develop him in the show.
1390	Lord Damian	2012-04-23	Seems very well cast. He cuts a very muscular fit and his voice seems very much like I imagined Roose would be. Never raising his voice. Same tone, always.
1391	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-24	He looked pale and gaunt, and that says leeches.I thought it was great casting, and as previously said the volume level of his voice was appropriate.I wonder how long before non-book viewers get what Flaying is? /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Not meaning that in a condescending way, but it's not exactly a common word or used in any modern day context.
1392	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-24	To those who think they're going to merge Roose/Ramsay...I don't think so. Only because you have to remember that during Season 4(?) we will lose two of the biggest villains on the show: Joffrey and Tywin. That leaves a huge gap in the "people we love to hate" quotient. So I think fitting in Roose AND Ramsay will be necessary.
1393	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-24	I think once we see him at war council or banquet he'll be wearing a pink velvet sash or caplet. No need for him to be donning full-on pink in battle.
1394	Clariana	2012-04-24	Thought "Bloody hell, that's Roose"! Expected the pink, I also envisioned him as slightly flabby... "That's Roose Bolten!" I said to hubby the non-reader who just shrugged and sort of rolled his eyes in that 'my wife's crazy' kind of way he has. It sounded lame to explain that he's a very important character later on but there you go such is my fate as an avid reader shacked up with a non-reader...
1395	Ser Sweets	2012-04-24	Really liked the look of the actor they chose and look forward to seeing enough to judge his acting; I'm hoping the volume of his voice was situational, because for a strolling war council amidst a bloody battlefield he could hardly have been whispering.
I hope that when inside and in a more suitable situation, his volume is a little more hushed.
1396	Nebmai	2012-04-24	I liked the actor so far, I pictured Roose to be a little older and smaller but the actor's demeanor and gaze seem to be perfect.  He fit the pale eyes bill well enough for film, and had a creepy dead stare as he was trying to talk Robb into getting some Tickler type action going on the prisoners.  From the Reek chapters there was a lot of focus on Roose's eyes from Theon, and I think they got it right here.
The voice volume being normal makes sense for film, as long as they keep it that level of emotionless I think it will have a close enough effect.
It was a low key introduction, but I think that is very fitting and right from the books.  At first Roose really doesn't stand out much from the other bannermen who aren't Greatjon or Walder Frey, only later on does he start to grow and become a bigger and bigger villainous figure until he is right up there with Cersei.
1397	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Great casting; there wasn't a lot of him yet, but just to see him talking so calmly about flaying men alive, even a non-reader will understand this guy is dangerous.Bravo.  Roose may not have been softspoken enough if u want to nitpick but his nonchalance about flaying and killing off captives did it for me.  Even though Roose wasn't at that battle, i think they did a fantastic job introducing him.I look forward to a lot more roose over the next few seasons, sooner the better
1398	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-24	First opinion of Roose Bolton was; that can't be him (i.e. no pink coloring anywhere or soft spoken speech), but I guess he will do. Now as for the aforementioned line about 'flayed men', I did like that little bit of the Bolton way of doing things. Wouldn't it have been even sweeter to hear him say that the wounded soldier in that scene; "Should be treated with leeches, to cure any bad blood he may have had". Now that would truely have been a proper Roose Bolton appearance /drunk.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drunk:' />
1399	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	In my mind, Roose and Stannis were very similar; gaunt and balding, one speaking in hushed tones and the other in sharp, angry growls. Suffice to say I'm pretty pleased on both fronts this season.
1400	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-24	Roose Bolton looked good.  Very short time but looked like a very good casting choice.
I wonder if they will merge his and Ramsey's character in the show ?
1401	IronSuitor	2012-04-24	Roose Bolton looked good.  Very short time but looked like a very good casting choice.I wonder if they will merge his and Ramsey's character in the show ?I would hate it, because I really think Ramsay is what makes me so interested in Roose's character, plus I think that actor would be great in expressing Roose's weird sociopathic regret about Ramsay. That being said the show is already almost at critical character melt-down.
1402	Elundin	2012-04-24	He's creepy enough for my taste. I could see pain on his skin, actually.
1403	jdp13	2012-04-24	I really liked him.  I had a bigger problem with the recasting of the Mountain.  The new guy just didn't seem physical enough.
1404	GreenAppleFossoway	2012-04-24	I feel like if this show ever made it to a sixth season, and Stannis and Roose ever come face to face, I'll be confused as absolute shit on which guy is which.
1405	Rhaegar The Rocker	2012-04-24	When I first saw the shot of him walking with Robb I thought, "Is that the Blackfish?"   It wasn't until the closeup and he began to talk that I realized it was Roose.  The actor definitely had a creepiness to him.  It will be interesting to see where they take him since Ramsay isn't around.
1406	Dornish Hen	2012-04-24	but the voice could have been done better.I completely disagree.  I thought as soon as he spoke, he was perfect!!  I can't wait to see him when he's displeased with someone.  That quiet, angry voice will be very scary!
					
					
							Edited by Dornish Hen, 24 April 2012 - 05:31 PM.
1407	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	That was not the episode or the way to introduce a character as substanial as Roose Bolton. Why couldn't he have been included in the final two episodes of season one?
1408	jarl the climber	2012-04-24	That was not the episode or the way to introduce a character as substanial as Roose Bolton. Why couldn't he have been included in the final two episodes of season one?Because they did not know how the show woud do.When I first saw the shot of him walking with Robb I thought, "Is that the Blackfish?"   It wasn't until the closeup and he began to talk that I realized it was Roose.  The actor definitely had a creepiness to him.  It will be interesting to see where they take him since Ramsay isn't around.Has it been stated that they mean to drop Ramsey?
1409	kwak76	2012-04-25	I have to keep seeing this actor who is playing Roose Bolton more. I'm not sure if he is the right casting but time will tell.....
Honestly I always picture Anthony Hopkins to play Roose Bolton....I mean from the movie "Silence of the Lambs", as Lecter he has some of  Roose in there maybe it's just met.
1410	DemiNymph	2012-04-25	I think this actor is quite suitable. But I had always wanted Malfoy aka the Captain in the Patroit movie who killed Heath Ledger aka Jason Isaacs to play Roose Bolton. The best villain actor for the best villain character, I say!
1411	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-25	I actually pictured Roose Bolton way different.  This actor reminds me of Tywin Lannister for some reason.  I always imagined Roose a slim ball looking guy with softer facial features.
1412	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-26	I think this actor is quite suitable. But I had always wanted Malfoy aka the Captain in the Patroit movie who killed Heath Ledger aka Jason Isaacs to play Roose Bolton. The best villain actor for the best villain character, I say! Wow that actor Jason Issac was a good choice for playing the villian in 'The Patriot'. One of the best bad guys in a movie, he would make a nicer Roose Bolton
1413	White Raven	2012-04-26	I was happy to see the sigil on his armor. I always am when they include the sigils and house colors somehow in the show.
1414	Nucky Thompson	2012-04-28	The character was very well played, but why was he armed with nothing but a dagger? Robb was carrying a big badass sword - is the dagger there to foreshadow what he will do in the future, or was he supposed to not look more threatening than the king in this scene?
1415	Chronicler	2012-04-29	Didn't he have hair in the books?
1416	Ghost from Winterfell	2012-10-08	My immediate impression of him was somewhat hampered by my own questions about why he was there on the battlefield next to Robb. Nonetheless I do think he fit the role perfectly. It did seem to be a very subtle introduction to the character; I'm curious if tv-only viewers really thought much of him at all.Yes I was bothered about that too but then I remembered that his first appearances in the books are not exactly glorious. He was only a creepy bannerman, apparently not really invested in the mail conflict. By A Clash of Kings the Boltons started their ascend being constantly mentioned until the time he captures Harrenhall and then we have a detailed description of the character that practically screams to the reader that this "new" guy is dangerous and is being set up to play a major role.I think the introduction fit Roose very well. With him everything is about being subtle and not attracting too much attention. I think the viewers will be more surprised that the cool semi-background character will gain such prominence. I saw mimes explaining who is who in AGOT (which has lots of characters, of course) and defining Joffrey, for example, as the worst king, Stannis as the douche king and Theon as "the other Robb". Obviously they didn't read the series and probably aren't very avid watchers. Then we get to Roose Bolton and it simply says: "who the hell is this guy?" I was pissed but that's the effect the producers wanted to make, IMO. Roose just needs to be a bit unsettling given he is a guy on the "good" side suggesting his king to kill or torture simple soldiers for information. He delivers the common words about his house just to illustrate. Roose should not scream evil by every pore. Everything else do it for him (his House, the Flayed Man, Dreadfort) so they have to keep it down so he doesn't become a caricature. For now he is just a wise right man/ adviser to Robb.
1417	Thunderfist	2012-04-23	Tywin Lannister is a big douche, probably the biggest douche in the ASoIaF universe.
But damn, Charles Dance is rocking it as Tywin Lannister in every effing scene. His presence in each situation, his appearance in full armor and his stone-faced expressions. You can really feel the enormous amount of fear and respect that everyone has for Tywin. So hats off to Charles Dance, I am already 100% certain that I will miss him.
1418	Nakraal	2012-04-24	The man seems to "radiate" orders by just walking...I loved his presence from his first scene in S1 and his premiere in this episode was astonishingly commanding. The directors and the cast do an incredible job of portraying the characters with every screen second, even when they don't speak.
Is Dance so much tall IRL?
1419	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	I think he's perfect and Tywin is a badass. 
I always read his chapters and every conversation he has more than once because he's so on point and ruthless.
this dude playing Tywin kicked ass last season and same story until that overrated little Imp that should have been long dead shoots him in the gut.
1420	Howland Reed	2012-04-24	I think he needs to be more of an elitist.  I think the guy playing him is perfect though.  He is too likable, when I always thought he was a smart, elitist, overly proud prick.
1421	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-24	I think he needs to be more of an elitist.  I think the guy playing him is perfect though.  He is too likable, when I always thought he was a smart, elitist, overly proud prick.This is what's beautiful about bringing these characters to life. The actors dig deep and bring truths about the character to the surface. These are traits that the written word cannot convey. Tywin may seem like an elitist to readers, but Dance gives him a dimension of dignity and respect.
1422	Chelly	2012-04-24	I agree. I mentioned this in the episode 4 thread how I don't approve of this newly discovered liking I might have for Tywin. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> I feel wrong just typing it. Tywin is one of the characters I truly disliked in the books and I cheered when he died. Literally. Damn it all though, because Dance is just downright magnificent as Tywin Lannister. The way he rode into Harrenhal on his horse... /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> Then he starts showing peeps how shit gets done. I think Tywin is a character who really benefited from the show adaptation, imo.
1423	Howland Reed	2012-04-24	I agree.
We'll see what happens when he interacts with Tyrion later on in the story.  It will be hard to make him seem that likable at that point.
1424	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-24	Was great to see him verbally tear down the Mountain's men. 
Dance is a brilliant Tywin; I genuinely like the character, despite knowing what we know. I wonder how he took his book fate...
1425	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	I have a fondness for Tywin too. Wouldn't want him as an enemy but damn he's the epitome of a "patriarch".
Dance is playing him to perfection.
1426	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-24	He was a bit normal in the last episode, IMO. I've imagined him even more scary, he should have scared Arya, not congratulated her for having traveled like a boy.
1427	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	Nah, Tywin isn't a monster. He's ruthless, harsh and a hypocrite, but he isn't a monster. Even the things he does to Tyrion come from his longing to restore the Lannisters to greatness. He understands that lesser men (and girls) have their place in the grand scheme of things and uses them all in his game.
Funny you should mention last season; my favourite single scene in terms of defining a character was Jaime and Tywin's first scene. Charles Dance absolutely NAILED that character in that scene, one that wasn't from the book no less.
1428	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	Tywin seems way to nice in season 2. Those are his dogs, he lets them off his leash, I don't see Lord Tywin Lannister coming to the aid of a peasant, nor do I see him taking a peasant girl for cupbearer. He is Tywin Lannister, he is accompanied by an entourage of servants wherever he goes, he does not need scum to serve him!
1429	Queen Regent	2012-04-24	Tywin seems way to nice in season 2. Those are his dogs, he lets them off his leash, I don't see Lord Tywin Lannister coming to the aid of a peasant, nor do I see him taking a peasant girl for cupbearer. He is Tywin Lannister, he is accompanied by an entourage of servants wherever he goes, he does not need scum to serve him!I don't think they were scum... they looked like it because of the way they were being treated & the conditions they were living it at Harenhal, but they were villagers and potential Night's Watch people.  People captured, some with skills as Tywin pointed out.I want to hate him, bc I know how he is in the books... but he saved Gendry, so that makes it super hard now!
1430	Ser Graymax	2012-04-24	Dance plays Tywin as a man you just know you shouldnt fu*k with.  When he is on screen He is in charge of everything.
1431	So1ar	2012-04-24	he was just amazing. i laughed for a good 5 minutes when he told polliver, "this one is a girl...you idiot"
1432	Rockroi	2012-04-24	If liking Tywin Lannister is wrong then I don't want to be right. Rooting for Tywin Lannister is like rooting for Goliath to defeat David or for the House to win at Blackjack.  Its shallow, its easy and its completely fucking awesome. Tywin Lannister was the only thing that is holding this realm together right now
	Spoiler  and when Tyrion gets all bitchy at the end of book 3 that theroy becomes a stark, raving reality. 
Tywin is commanding, deeply effective; strong, smart (as Dan says in Deadwood about Al Swearengen, "No, Johnny, Al's really fucking smart."), calculating, cold and intollerant of incompetence.  What does that sound like to you?  Oh, that's right, it sounds like somebody capable of winning a war, keeping a peace and ruling a kingdom.  In other words, Tywin Lannister is every enemies worst nightmare and every allies darkest wish.  You hate him as an enemy and desire him as a friend.  Ask all the winners what its like to treat with Tywin Lannister
	Spoiler  In other words ask -as of the end of Book 5 -the Warden of the North Roose Bolton and the Lord of the Riverlands, Walder Frey what its like to make common cause with Tywin Lannister.  Then ask the current Hand of the Seven Kingdoms Mace Tyrell and the current Lord of Ships Paxter Redwyne what its like to go over to Tywin.  And when you are done doing that ask EVERY SINGLE PERSON who made common cause with Robb Stark what its like following a man that cannot keep his word.  How'd that work out for them?" 
That's the key here- from Robert Baratheon all the way to the series with Arya Stark, ask all of them what its like to work and live with Tywin Lannister.  He's mean (boo).  He's cruel (Whaa! Whaa!...) and he says bad things about his kids (cry.me.a.river.).  And he's possibly the most capable leader in the books/series.Dance is terriffic because he bring sthat reality to life in words and actions.  He's Tywin made flesh.  And when you see all that come together, in the immortal words of Colonel Jessup, "And (his) existence, while grotesque and incomprehensible to you, saves lives. You don't want the truth because deep down in places you don't talk about at parties, you want (him) on that wall, you need (him) on that wall." And finally: "Because you need me, (Westeroes). Your guilty conscience may force you to vote (Stark), but deep down, you secretly long for a cold-hearted (Lannister) to lower taxes, brutalize criminals and rule you like a king. "That's why you love Tywin Lannister.  Because you know he's right.
1433	Sword in the Morning	2012-04-24	Tywin (book and show) is a selfish utilitarian. He plays his game making the optimal use of every piece presented before him, seeing right through to any potential use they might have and then taking advantage of it. The only exception to this is in the case of Tyrion, where Tywin is so blinded by his own emotions that he can't see the usefulness of his son.
As far as taking Arya as a cupbearer, that *might* be out of character for him. I feel that he wants to present an image of prestige and would thus not pick someone off the street to serve as his cupbearer. The rest, though, makes sense. He knows that his captives can be put to use around Harrenhal--they're stuck in a giant ruined castle with an army at war. There's more work to be done than everyone there combined could accomplish, and killing off those extra hands for little gain is foolish.
1434	IronSuitor	2012-04-24	I always liked Tywin. Then again I was a Darth Vader fan when I was little, so perhaps I'm just screwed up.
But some of the older actors on this show are epic. I think the guy who plays Roose is going to end up with a similar screen presence.
1435	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-24	He is teaching one his top management skills. "People have skills, find out what they are and put them to work." While doing this it occurs to him to show an example of this. You dolt's can't see that this is a girl and she has the skill of going unnoticed. "Hmm, girl, her age, good diction, goes unnoticed, could be a servant. That cupbearer of mine is ready to be promoted to squire. Bingo. Job done. Onto the next item on my agenda.
1436	Ser Elfor the Landstander	2012-04-24	(snip)And finally: "Because you need me, (Westeroes). Your guilty conscience may force you to vote (Stark), but deep down, you secretly long for a cold-hearted (Lannister) to lower taxes, brutalize criminals and rule you like a king. "(snip)Excellent Simpsons reference.
1437	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	Book Tywin is a capable administrator (being a good Hand during peace time seems to me not like that big a deal/accomplishment), and a ruthless Lord/noble man. He never actually won a war if you look closely at the books (that is, if you do not count the Reyne Rebellion and the Sack of King's Landing a war). Tywin apparently did not participate as a commander during the Greyjoy Rebellion.
And during the War of the Five Kings he sat at Harrenhal, and did nothing besides ravaging the surrounding lands and slaughtering the civilians. Instead of marching to King's Landing to save his daughter, son, and his royal grandson, King Joffrey, he actually tried to return to the Westerlands, and only ended up marching to save Joff's ass because Edmure prevented his return. All the while knowing that Renly and Stannis threatened/marched on King's Landing. Robb was a nuisance, nothing more. Yes, he captured Jaime and took his army to the Westerlands, but capturing/killing him would have changed nothing. His dynasty was at King's Landing. There the war would have been won. After Stannis and Renly were defeated, he would have all the time in the world to beat the North back into submission. Robb could not hope to stand against a united Westeros.
And the way he ended 'winning his war' after the Battle on the Blackwater (which was won due to the Tyrells declaring for Joffrey, and the devastating effect 'Renly's ghost' had on Stannis's men) shows even less competence. Any man would have realized at once that the Red Wedding would backfire on House Lannister eventually. A competent man would not have entrusted Walder Frey with the whole operation but would have sent his own agent to oversee the whole thing. Realizing the devastating effect the break of the guest right had on Westerosi society, he would have punished House Frey severely for this atrocity.
As I see Tywin, the man was always more appearance than substance. He had the reputation of being ruthless and stern, and that's why a bunch of people approached him during the War of the Five Kings (i.e. Sybelle and Rolph Spicer, Walder Frey, Roose Bolton, Littlefinger etc.) which in turn enabled him to make use of them.
The War of the Five Kings ended on the Blackwater. Even Selyse Baratheon or Lysa Arryn could have 'won the war' after the deciding battle was fought and won.
1438	Morvran	2012-04-24	I have to agree with the original post.  The HBO Tywin is seriously badass, and there isn't all that much not to like.  I mean, he's mean to his vertically challenged son...so what?  Beyond that he's commanding, capable, cunning, charismatic...everything you'd want in a battle commander.  They're going to have to do more to make the audience hate him or his demise is going to come off the wrong way.
1439	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-24	How is he a 'douche'? He is one of the most competent people in the series
1440	So1ar	2012-04-24	I have to agree with the original post.  The HBO Tywin is seriously badass, and there isn't all that much not to like.  I mean, he's mean to his vertically challenged son...so what?  Beyond that he's commanding, capable, cunning, charismatic...everything you'd want in a battle commander.  They're going to have to do more to make the audience hate him or his demise is going to come off the wrong way.Tywin's demise wasn't "celebrated" because readers hated him. It was his treatment of Tyrion which made it that much better to see Tyrion stand up to his father. There is still plenty of story to go before his end and plenty of scenes between Tyrion and himself to make the audience feel for Tyrion. Like when Tyrion finds out his wife was not a whore, or seeing Shea in the same bed, or a particular trial. Not to mention a certain scene of him writing a letter..."some wars are won with ink and parchment".
1441	Nebmai	2012-04-24	Tywin was a very effective ruler, but he was brought down by his awful parenting skills.  Not just the obvious crossbow thing but incompetent parenting lead to incompetent parenting that lead to a terrible king who managed to alienate half the country and drive them to arms, over a stupid whim.
1442	Songlian	2012-04-24	Charles Dance deserves a lot of praise, yep! He's flawless.
1443	miguel sanchez	2012-04-24	How is he a 'douche'? He is one of the most competent people in the seriesThis:Book Tywin is a capable administrator (being a good Hand during peace time seems to me not like that big a deal/accomplishment), and a ruthless Lord/noble man. He never actually won a war if you look closely at the books (that is, if you do not count the Reyne Rebellion and the Sack of King's Landing a war). Tywin apparently did not participate as a commander during the Greyjoy Rebellion.And during the War of the Five Kings he sat at Harrenhal, and did nothing besides ravaging the surrounding lands and slaughtering the civilians. Instead of marching to King's Landing to save his daughter, son, and his royal grandson, King Joffrey, he actually tried to return to the Westerlands, and only ended up marching to save Joff's ass because Edmure prevented his return. All the while knowing that Renly and Stannis threatened/marched on King's Landing. Robb was a nuisance, nothing more. Yes, he captured Jaime and took his army to the Westerlands, but capturing/killing him would have changed nothing. His dynasty was at King's Landing. There the war would have been won. After Stannis and Renly were defeated, he would have all the time in the world to beat the North back into submission. Robb could not hope to stand against a united Westeros.And the way he ended 'winning his war' after the Battle on the Blackwater (which was won due to the Tyrells declaring for Joffrey, and the devastating effect 'Renly's ghost' had on Stannis's men) shows even less competence. Any man would have realized at once that the Red Wedding would backfire on House Lannister eventually. A competent man would not have entrusted Walder Frey with the whole operation but would have sent his own agent to oversee the whole thing. Realizing the devastating effect the break of the guest right had on Westerosi society, he would have punished House Frey severely for this atrocity.As I see Tywin, the man was always more appearance than substance. He had the reputation of being ruthless and stern, and that's why a bunch of people approached him during the War of the Five Kings (i.e. Sybelle and Rolph Spicer, Walder Frey, Roose Bolton, Littlefinger etc.) which in turn enabled him to make use of them.The War of the Five Kings ended on the Blackwater. Even Selyse Baratheon or Lysa Arryn could have 'won the war' after the deciding battle was fought and won.Edit: he is a douche for ordering the slaughter of common folk (not to mention rapin' and pilagin') in order to evoke the response he desired from the lords who protected them for his war plans. He did a bunch of other douchey stuff, but ordering the slaughter of innocents to win at war is... actually pretty common for the equivalent earth time period, but still. Ned wouldn't do it! Also what about the red fucking wedding, although he wasn't personally involved, but then again, he is never personally involved in any of his really immoral plans. He keeps himself as distanced as possible.Now personally, I feel like book Tywin was a little bit more competant than how the above post portrays him. Or maybe that's just the influence of his incredible reputation, as stated above?Anyways, on topic for the thread, Charles Dance is phenominal in this role. More screen time for Tywin please.
					
					
							Edited by miguel sanchez, 24 April 2012 - 04:19 PM.
1444	The Monkey	2012-04-24	I read the books after season the first HBO season, so I was biased by Charles Lance badassry when reading about book-Tywin. Thus I never saw him as a true villain, and was actually pretty sad when Tyrion killed him.
Him bossing around Joffrey in season 3 was one of my favourite moments, and no doubt the TV-crowd will fall in love with him even more afterwards. Because of this, it's very important that they keep the scenes of him insulting Tyrion so that they understand and sympathize with Tyrion's decision to kill him.
1445	dreamcatcher	2012-04-24	I HATED Tywin in the books, but Charles Dance makes Tywin... <3
1446	Morvran	2012-04-24	Him bossing around Joffrey in season 3 was one of my favourite moments, and no doubt the TV-crowd will fall in love with him even more afterwards. Because of this, it's very important that they keep the scenes of him insulting Tyrion so that they understand and sympathize with Tyrion's decision to kill him.This is what I was trying to get at.  They're going to have to lay it on real thick (which I'm sure they will) to make sure that viewers despise him.  If he comes across as an overly stern and sometimes abusive father it won't be enough to justify his demise (assuming they keep it as it was in the books).
1447	Rockroi	2012-04-24	Book Tywin is a capable administratorIâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll take â<U+0080><U+009C>Remarkable Understatementsâ<U+0080><U+009D> for $1000, Alex .  Tywin Lannister gave a new birth of dominance to the West, a  household that had fallen into complete disrepute with his fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s disastrous command.  With senior households in open rebellion and inner turmoil in his fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own household, Tywin Lannister took the lion by the reins and catapulted the Lannister Family to a position of dominance.  Briefly, Tywin Lannister not only was Hand to the KIng for 20 years, but was the defacto power behind Robert Baratheon for another 15.  During his time with completely crazy Aerys Targaryen, Tywin lead the realm with plenty and prosperityl even Ned Stark knows that the Targaryens left the coffers "swimming in gold."  When the war ended, Tywin knew how to set things right with Robert and made it so his daughter was queen (exceptional move, btw); his grandson(s) the next King.  He then kept his family ensconced in power even though he never lifted a finger for Robert during the Rebellion.  What's that line again?  The one about, "Its not the battles you win, but the battles you decide NOT to fight that show how intelligent you are"?When he returned as Hand with Robert's death, Tywin immediately defeated Robb Stark and Stannis Baratheon.  Not bad at all.  He then was bringing Dorne back into the fold and had secured the loaylty of Highgarden, copwed the North and brought the Roiverlands to heed when Tyrion went bitchy and killed him. Oh well.  At least it was a Lannister who did it.  (being a good Hand during peace time seems to me not like that big a deal/accomplishment),Funny, Ned Stark couldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t master that, no?  He never actually won a war if you look closely at the books (that is, if you do not count the Reyne Rebellion and the Sack of King's Landing a war)False.  First of all, do not minimize the Castemere Rebellion etc; that sort of thing doomed Robb, after all.  Tywin was not just Hand in peace; he was Hand during the Defiance at Duskendale and commanded the Loyalist forces, ultimately sending Barristan Selmy in to rescue the King and utterly ruining the rebellion.  Tywin was almost certainly a commander in the War of the Ninepenny Kings (he would be of an age with the Blackfish and others in that age cohort).  Tywin apparently did not participate as a commander during the Greyjoy Rebellion.We donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t actually know this for certain.  Its never said in the books.  And during the War of the Five Kings he sat at Harrenhal, and did nothing besides ravaging the surrounding lands and slaughtering the civilians.And then he defeated Stannis at Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing.  You neglected that part.  See, part of the reason Highgarden did not join Stannis was because Tywin was lurking out there and Highgarden knew that Tywin would give a better deal than Stannis.  And also that Tywin would ultimately be a worse enemy against Stannis than Stannis would be an enemy against Tywin.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m just saying this because ultimately the Tyrells sought Tywin out for a reason.  Tywin, of course, lead the ultimate routing of Stannis when it mattered most and when it was most opertunistic- when Stannis had his jaws burried in the Blackwater.  At that moment, Tywin knew when to strike and that was that.	Any man would have realized at once that the Red Wedding would backfire on House Lannister eventually.But it never did.  Ever.   The Lannisters are not suffering because of the Red Wedding; they are suffering because Cersei is incompetent and Tyrion killed Tywin.  That has zero (or â<U+0080><U+009C>little and lessâ<U+0080><U+009D> if I were Martin) in the Red Wedding backfiring.  But while we are on the subject, the Red Wedding was a brilliant masterstroke for Tywin; he decapitated the North, ruined Robb and won the War of the Five Kings.  All before desert was served.  That took more than just â<U+0080><U+009C>put a knife in him;â<U+0080><U+009D> Tywin had to coordinate two disparate households- the Westerlings and the Freys and get them to coordinate.  Both knew where to go for that.  A competent man would not have entrusted Walder Frey with the whole operation but would have sent his own agent to oversee the whole thing.With what, magic?  How would he do this?  Frey did his part; the operation succeeded.  Spectacularly, I may add.   The North is, again a vassell of the crown and Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own man, Roose Bolton, is lodged at Winterfell.  Now, merely because Roose is having problems etc doies NOT mean that plan did not succeed.  The plan called for Robb to be destroyed.  He was.  Point. Tywin.  As I see Tywin, ...  had the reputation of being ruthless and stern, and that's why a bunch of people approached him during the War of the Five Kings (i.e. Sybelle and Rolph Spicer, Walder Frey, Roose Bolton, Littlefinger etc.) which in turn enabled him to make use of them.It was more than that (as I explained above) but Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ability to work with people to see goals met was a huge part of his appeal.  And, by the way, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a major problem with (another of my favorite characters) Stannis who routinely does NOT work with others to make common cause (this may be changing).  The idea is this: people know they can make a deal with Tywin.  Because a Lannister always pays his debts.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 24 April 2012 - 05:13 PM.
1448	turdle	2012-04-24	so... i assume that arya is NOT going to run into roose bolton at harrenhal then?
1449	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-24	For those saying he was "too nice" to the peasants in this episode:
In the book, Roose Bolton is a man who regularly takes "the first night" with peasant women, and threatens to have Arya's tongue out for speaking out of turn. He's even more brutal/elitist than Tywin.
But even he speaks/congratulates Arya when he takes Harrenhall in ACOK, and takes her as a cupbearer.
1450	Dacie	2012-04-24	Tywin is the guiltiest of guilty pleasures.  I always liked his character, but Charles Dance just brings it to life perfectly.
And actually I think Book Tywin may seem kind of likable too, to people who are unfamiliar with his sinister plots and ordering of raping and pillaging.  Didn't it say they cheered twice as loudly for him as the Mad King?  Granted Aerys may have been hated but I still take this to mean he was generally well liked.
1451	Winterfell is Burning	2012-04-24	Tywin is only a nice guy in the scene when compared to the others; he isn't objecting on moral grounds to the torture and killing, just seeing it as a waste of resources and money at that time.
1452	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-24	Outstanding casting choice for Lord Tywin, exactly how I pictured him.
1453	towerofjoy	2012-04-24	Joff = Hitler, Amin, Polpot = bloodthirsty psychopaths (totally batshit crazy evil)
Tywin = Pinochet, Stalin, Milosevic = amoral pragmatists (means justifies the ends)
Joff beats and humiliates Sansa even though it's strategically stupid, he shoots cats and commoners for no reason at all other than he can. He tries to kill Bran for no other reason than to win his "father's" approval.
Tywin ordered the murder of children to cement alliances with the new king, he set loose rapists, torturers and murders to encite fighting in the Riverlands, he orchestrated the RW to change leadership of the North. Arguably more evil acts than Joff's - but all with a purpose, not pure malice.
1454	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	Rockroi,
Yes, Tywin restored the glory of House Lannister, but he did not start from scratch. In fact, technically it was Lord Tytos who dealt with the Reynes and Tarbecks since, well, Tytos Lannister still was Lord of Casterly Rock when Tywin dealt with them. We don't know all that much about the details, but this was an open rebellion and not some backstabbing thing (Bolton and Frey stabbed Robb in the back, whereas the Reynes and Tarbecks were stupid enough to rebel openly against their liege lord).
But I'll still downplay this whole thing. Tywin did not prove himself to be a great military commander during this 'war' (no one ever mentions the great Lord Tywin even defeated a larger army in the field or something like that), he proved to be a man without mercy at a very early age. His whole reputation is that of a man without mercy if you cross him.
As to him being Hand under Aerys - I don't consider it an accomplishment to serve under him. Apparently Aerys's reign was all peace and quiet until the Defiance and the Rebellion. And Aerys was not that mad until the very end. As I see it, Tywin got the reputation of being the true king because Aerys was very much an absentee king. He left the tiring day-to-day business to his Hand and old friend. As long as Tywin and Aerys had no quarrel, Tywin did not do all his great things against King Aerys, but with him. Aerys apparently was no Joffrey, you did not need to distract him to prevent him from himself, his dynasty, or the Realm.
As to the riches Aerys left behind: From all we know from the books, it's the Master of Coin who heads the treasury. The Hand does not directly oversee it. So I guess Aerys's unknown Master of Coin deserves more credit here than his Hand.
As to him being the power behind King Robert: Nonsense. Tywin ended up lending money to Lord Tywin, but he had no active say/influence in the governance of the Realm under King Robert. Neither did Cersei. The Realm was ruled by Robert's council, which was led by Jon Arryn and Stannis Baratheon.
During the Greyjoy Rebellion Robert himself, Ned, and Stannis led the main forces into battle. Jaime apparently was the only Lannister fighting in this war, as a member of the Kingsguard. Tywin allowed Balon to destroy his fleet. I doubt that Robert would have allowed him to participate in the war afterwards...
Ned Stark was no Hand during a peace time, by the way. He was Hand during a time of crisis and instability. I wonder how long young Tywin would have lasted if he had come to KL mainly to investigate the murder of his best friend...?
And making Cersei queen? Jon Arryn arranged that. He counseled Robert to accept her, all Tywin did was to offer her to Robert. And even that could only work because Lyanna Stark was dead (a thing Tywin had nothing to do with, by the way).
Tywin's management of the Defiance of Duskendale is not exceptional, either. What did Tywin do exactly? He encircled the city and sat on his ass. Ryman Frey did the same thing before the walls of Riverrun... Apparently Joffrey was right and the great Lord Tywin had indeed not the guts to face/defy Aerys. Else he would have stormed the city after Darklyn did not release Aerys immediately. Barristan Selmy saved Aerys, not Tywin.
Highgarden did not join Stannis because Loras took his forces and returned to the main host at Bitterbridge. And Loras did not join Stannis because he did not like him (there was bad blood between Highgarden and Stannis since the Siege of Storm's End), and because he was Renly's lover and suspected that Stannis had a hand in Renly's death. Littlefinger brokered the marriage between Margaery and Joffrey, and this was the deciding factor here, not Tywin participating. All he did was stumbling upon the Tyrell forces when he came down the Blackwater. And why did he come down there? Because someone told him that Stannis threatened King's Landing...
And the deciding factor during the Battle of the Blackwater was Renly's Ghost, and he was entirely Littlefinger's idea.
And how did the Red Wedding not backfire on King Tommen? It's the very reason why half the North secretly plots stab the Lannister representatives in the North in the back. It's the reason why Manderly and others would back any pretender to the Iron Throne just for the chance of vengeance. The Red Wedding enabled Stannis to win the North to his cause!
I never said Tywin was incompetent or and idiot, but he has his limits, and he did not oversee the Red Wedding or the Westerlings. That was his mistake. He actually assumed Walder Frey would kill with 'an arrow gone astray'. Merrett Frey reveals that the Red Wedding was the brain child of Roose Bolton and Lothar Frey. Lord Walder commanded it, and Tywin promised him a pardon in exchange for Robb's head. I'm quite convinced all Tywin actually did was answering Walder's letter asking for a royal pardon in exchange for Robb's head. Tywin confirms this implicitly during his conversation with Tyrion about the Red Wedding. And it was likely the same with the Westerlings. Sybelle most likely wrote Tywin about the fact that Robb Stark was smitten with her daughter, offering hm to prevent him from fathering an heir in exchange for a royal pardon, honors, marriages, and titles (for her brother, Ser Rolph).
And there was no communication between the Freys and Westerlings. Lady Sybelle knew nothing about this, in fact, she was pissed about since one of her sons died at the Twins while defending Grey Wind.
But back to the topic:
I really like Charles Dance in this role. He truly is Lord Tywin, and it's the writing that makes him come to Arya's aid. But this is out-of-character to book Tywin. He would not care about prisoners, he would entrust those matters to the people he has charged to deal with such matters (i.e. Gregor and his men).
					
					
							Edited by Lord Varys, 24 April 2012 - 08:01 PM.
1455	Catastrophe	2012-04-25	Perhaps, though I do think Tywin would want to avoid having sadistic idiots like Gregor waste resources for no real reason. Harrenhal is a huge castle in need of a large amount of people to staff it, so putting an end to Gregor's pointless executions was the practical thing to do.Regardless, I agree that Charles Dance is perfect for this role, he really captures the gravitas that makes Tywin who he is.
					
					
							Edited by Catastrophe, 25 April 2012 - 04:55 AM.
1456	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-25	Charles Dance just has that majestic aura that he can't go wrong when playing Tywin. Charles is the kind of man you can watch say "rumpy pumpy" in an interview and you still think he's the manliest man ever.
That I've always thought the Lannisters are the most interesting family doesn't exactly hinder my enjoyment of this.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 25 April 2012 - 05:42 AM.
1457	Ashen Shugar	2012-04-25	I think book Tywin is just as likeable as tv Tywin. Like pretty much all of martins characters he is not one dimensional, yes he is an arse but he has good reason to be so, I've always been a bit sympathetic towards him. Well not always, early on in the books I didn't like him but when you learn a bit more about him he grows on you.
1458	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	I read the books after season the first HBO season, so I was biased by Charles Lance badassry when reading about book-Tywin. Thus I never saw him as a true villain, and was actually pretty sad when Tyrion killed him.Him bossing around Joffrey in season 3 was one of my favourite moments, and no doubt the TV-crowd will fall in love with him even more afterwards. Because of this, it's very important that they keep the scenes of him insulting Tyrion so that they understand and sympathize with Tyrion's decision to kill him.I LOVE when he punks Joff.
1459	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	People are always shitting on tywin's oarenting skills, but he was off being the hand for like 20 yrs or something if im not mistaken.  Those were probably the formative years of his children's lives.
1460	Rockroi	2012-04-25	Just continuing the Tywin debate. Yes, Tywin restored the glory of House Lannister, but he did not start from scratch.Well, nobody in this series really ever started from scratch so I am not sure what this really means. In fact, technically it was Lord Tytos who dealt with the Reynes and Tarbecks since, well, Tytos Lannister still was Lord of Casterly Rock when Tywin dealt with them. We don't know all that much about the details, but this was an open rebellion and not some backstabbing thing (Bolton and Frey stabbed Robb in the back, whereas the Reynes and Tarbecks were stupid enough to rebel openly against their liege lord).First, this is irrelevant because your point was that Tywin had never commanded men in the field, not that he had never done so while Lord. And second, its, untrue.  â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Tywin did not suffer disloyalty in his vassals. He had extinguished the proud Reynes of Castamere and the ancient Tarbecks of Tarbeck Hall root and branch when he was still half a boy. Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (p. 272). Bantam. Kindle Edition. In other words, they were HIS vassels, noyt his father's. Later-(Jaimeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s) father had never been unduly swayed by sentiment. Tywin Lannisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own father Lord Tytos had once imprisoned an unruly bannerman, Lord Tarbeck. The redoubtable Lady Tarbeck responded by capturing three Lannisters, including young Stafford, whose sister was betrothed to cousin Tywin. â<U+0080><U+009C>Send back my lord and love, or these three shall answer for any harm that comes him,â<U+0080><U+009D> she had written to Casterly Rock. Young Tywin suggested his father oblige by sending back Lord Tarbeck in three pieces. Lord Tytos was a gentler sort of lion, however, so Lady Tarbeck won a few more years for her muttonheaded lordâ<U+0080>¦Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (pp. 607-608). Bantam. Kindle Edition.In other words Tywin acted against the Castemerâ<U+0080><U+0099>s etc after he became lord; Tytos would never have done somethinga s audacious as leveling the Tarbecks and Castemeres. And again, not sure what your point is if everyone agrees Tywin was the one who achieved this end. But I'll still downplay this whole thing. Tywin did not prove himself to be a great military commander during this 'war' (no one ever mentions the great Lord Tywin even defeated a larger army in the field or something like that), he proved to be a man without mercy at a very early age. His whole reputation is that of a man without mercy if you cross him.Untrue.  Again, you ignore Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own advice to Joff that after a war you have to help a foe off his knees.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s worth remembering.  And the fact that there are no stories of great military victories of Tywin are 1) not true; Selmy states as much when remembering the Defiance at Tuskendale and 2) irrelevant.  Nobody ever remembers great military victories by Ned or Hoster Tully nor the Blackfish etc but they all have pretty in-tact reputations.  And you are downplaying it because in the words of Jim Carey in "Liar Liar" "Its devestating to your case." As to him being Hand under Aerys - I don't consider it an accomplishment to serve under him. Apparently Aerys's reign was all peace and quiet until the Defiance and the Rebellion.Again, how is that easy?  Ned totally blundered at ruling with peace and prosperity; Jon Arryn was a good Hand, but then you will recall he helped bankrupt the ream and could not handle an out-of-control Robert. And Aerys was not that mad until the very end.He always showed signs of madness; it was just accelerated after Duskendale. As I see it, Tywin got the reputation of being the true king because Aerys was very much an absentee king.Again, did not help Ned or Jon Arryn.  Did not help Jon Connington or the other Hands that followed after Tywin. He left the tiring day-to-day business to his Hand and old friend. As long as Tywin and Aerys had no quarrel, Tywin did not do all his great things against King Aerys, but with him. Aerys apparently was no Joffrey, you did not need to distract him to prevent him from himself, his dynasty, or the Realm.So was Tywin a great Hand because of his relationship with Aerys or in spite of it?  Did he rule the realm or not?  Because here you are trying to say that Tywin was great because he had a partnership with Aerys (again- fat â<U+0080>lotta good such partnerships did men like Connington and Stark) then try to saw Aerys was an abscentee King?  So which is it?  It sounds to me like Tywin Lannister ruled the Seven Kingdoms for 15 years. As to him being the power behind King Robert: Nonsense. Tywin ended up lending money to Lord Tywin (sic), but he had no active say/influence in the governance of the Realm under King Robert.So, the fact that it was a Lannister as Grand Maester; that Varys stayed on the counsel; that his son was left on the KG; that his daughter was queen; that his money owned the crown; that his men served in the watch and fought for the King- all meaningless?  Guess again.  The fact that Jon Arryn made Robert marry Cersei was proof of how much influence Tywin had over it all.  And with Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>;s spending you could not have a Kingdom without Lannister Gold. During the Greyjoy Rebellion Robert himself, Ned, and Stannis led the main forces into battle. Jaime apparently was the only Lannister fighting in this war, as a member of the Kingsguard. Tywin allowed Balon to destroy his fleet. I doubt that Robert would have allowed him to participate in the war afterwards...Again, we have no idea what Tywin did during the war; absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. Ned Stark was no Hand during a peace time, by the way. He was Hand during a time of crisis and instability.First of all, there is a difference between "war" and "crisis" and Ned did not arrive with either.  Ned arrived at KL with about 7 years of peace and a stable realm, made only unstable by, well, Ned Starkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blundering. Second, there were probablky hundreds of "crisis" that Tywin handled while Hand but Tywin handled them while Ned became overwhelmed by them. Tywin's management of the Defiance of Duskendale is not exceptional, either. What did Tywin do exactly? He encircled the city and sat on his ass. Ryman Frey did the same thing before the walls of Riverrun... Apparently Joffrey was right and the great Lord Tywin had indeed not the guts to face/defy Aerys. Else he would have stormed the city after Darklyn did not release Aerys immediately. Barristan Selmy saved Aerys, not Tywin.Wait what should Tywin have done?  Put on a cape, grab a sword and fly into Duskendale to rescue Aerys?  In other words, a King "acts boldly," words that Tywin openly mocks because they are so ridiculous coming out of Joffâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth.  And here I would caution you- you are taking the side of Joff.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m just saying, that MAY be a sign that you are on the wrong side of this debate. I like the wasy you minimize every action Tywin has done for decades by saying he â<U+0080><U+009C>stumbledâ<U+0080><U+009D> or â<U+0080><U+009C>sat on his assâ<U+0080><U+009D> and then never realize that in those cases Tywin acted 100% correctly, prudently and effectively.   I mean in your world you want Tywin to ride on a blaze of glory and attack and fight and slash and slam.  But there is more to ruling than those things.  And, in fact, when it called for violence Tywin was pretty much an assassin in delivering effective force.  Castemere, the Red Wedding, Duskendale, Tarbeck Hall etc.  And add in the Sack of Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing (a move that probably shortened the war by a year and saved countless lives) and the relief of Blackwater Bay and you have an impressive resume.   Again I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what you want- you want Tywin to win all the battles but lose the war.  No, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Robb Stark.    And the deciding factor during the Battle of the Blackwater was Renly's Ghost, and he was entirely Littlefinger's idea.No.  By this logic all that would need to happen would have been for one guy to ride out dressed as Renly and TA-DAH- battle won.  Nope.  Highgarden went with Tywin and Tywin lead the attack (Tyrion says as much in the books).   In order for that to happen, Tywin needs to meet with Highgarden (which he did) and in order for that to happen Highgarden needs to know that they can make a deal witH Tywin (which they did). And how did the Red Wedding not backfire on King Tommen? It's the very reason why half the North secretly plots stab the Lannister representatives in the North in the back.Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not backfiring; thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Tywin knew would be acceptable losses.  Having impoverished lords with wrecked households, deplete of fighting men, planning on stabbing you in the back is much better than having a large army actively fighting you on the battlefield.  With Winter coming the North was done.  Game. Set. Match.  Game over, man.  Game over.  After the Winter was over Tywin et al would help the North to their feet, exactly as he had commanded to Joff (who you seem to think has Tywin peggedâ<U+0080>¦ good luck with that).  The Boltonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s would institute hard justice in the North and Tywin would be there to meter out recovery.  It was a fantastic plan, and had Tyrion not gone soft oit would have worked.  Yes, Tywin would have had to deal with Stannis, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another story- Stannis is a hard nut to crack. It's the reason why Manderly and others would back any pretender to the Iron Throne just for the chance of vengeance. The Red Wedding enabled Stannis to win the North to his cause!Buit the alternative is to have Robb in open rebellion and winning battles hither and yon.  Again, the reality of Post-Red Wedding Westeros GREATLY favors the Lannisters; prior to the Red Wedding it was not. Look, the Red Wedding worked.  It worrked so well that the North was utterly destroyed and the Boltons are the rulers of the North with ample help.  And the lrods you mention- who are they angry at?  Lannisters?  NOPE!  Mad at the Freys.  Another brilliant move, I may add.  Be mad at the Freys all you want; leave Tommen out of it. I never said Tywin was incompetent or and idiot, but he has his limits, and he did not oversee the Red Wedding or the Westerlings.But he did.  In SoS, he mentions the plan, literally, in the very first Tyrion chapter.  At the end of CoK, Bolton et all know about Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s defiance and immediately set about contacting Tywin.   Tywin then brings together Frey, Bolton and Westerling.  How else do you think they got together on that?  Osmosis?  Each one KNOWS that Tywin Lannister will broker this reality and reward them all.  Which he does. The reality is that Tywin Lannister ruled the Kingdom.  When he lost interest in a ruler or they pissed him off, they stopped Ruling (look at what happened to Aerys and Robert).  He fought wars, he defeated enemies and ruthlessly crushed usurpers and oputlaws.  In other words, he was the guy you wanted in charge.  Unless, of course, you want to lose.
1461	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	Just continuing the Tywin debate.Well, nobody in this series really ever started from scratch so I am not sure what this really means.First, this is irrelevant because your point was that Tywin had never commanded men in the field, not that he had never done so while Lord. And second, its, untrue.  â<U+0080><U+009C>Lord Tywin did not suffer disloyalty in his vassals. He had extinguished the proud Reynes of Castamere and the ancient Tarbecks of Tarbeck Hall root and branch when he was still half a boy. Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (p. 272). Bantam. Kindle Edition. In other words, they were HIS vassels, noyt his father's.Later-Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (pp. 607-608). Bantam. Kindle Edition.In other words Tywin acted against the Castemerâ<U+0080><U+0099>s etc after he became lord; Tytos would never have done somethinga s audacious as leveling the Tarbecks and Castemeres. And again, not sure what your point is if everyone agrees Tywin was the one who achieved this end.Untrue.  Again, you ignore Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own advice to Joff that after a war you have to help a foe off his knees.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s worth remembering.  And the fact that there are no stories of great military victories of Tywin are 1) not true; Selmy states as much when remembering the Defiance at Tuskendale and 2) irrelevant.  Nobody ever remembers great military victories by Ned or Hoster Tully nor the Blackfish etc but they all have pretty in-tact reputations.  And you are downplaying it because in the words of Jim Carey in "Liar Liar" "Its devestating to your case."Again, how is that easy?  Ned totally blundered at ruling with peace and prosperity; Jon Arryn was a good Hand, but then you will recall he helped bankrupt the ream and could not handle an out-of-control Robert.He always showed signs of madness; it was just accelerated after Duskendale.Again, did not help Ned or Jon Arryn.  Did not help Jon Connington or the other Hands that followed after Tywin.So was Tywin a great Hand because of his relationship with Aerys or in spite of it?  Did he rule the realm or not?  Because here you are trying to say that Tywin was great because he had a partnership with Aerys (again- fat â<U+0080>lotta good such partnerships did men like Connington and Stark) then try to saw Aerys was an abscentee King?  So which is it?  It sounds to me like Tywin Lannister ruled the Seven Kingdoms for 15 years.So, the fact that it was a Lannister as Grand Maester; that Varys stayed on the counsel; that his son was left on the KG; that his daughter was queen; that his money owned the crown; that his men served in the watch and fought for the King- all meaningless?  Guess again.  The fact that Jon Arryn made Robert marry Cersei was proof of how much influence Tywin had over it all.  And with Robertâ<U+0080><U+0099>;s spending you could not have a Kingdom without Lannister Gold.Again, we have no idea what Tywin did during the war; absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.First of all, there is a difference between "war" and "crisis" and Ned did not arrive with either.  Ned arrived at KL with about 7 years of peace and a stable realm, made only unstable by, well, Ned Starkâ<U+0080><U+0099>s blundering. Second, there were probablky hundreds of "crisis" that Tywin handled while Hand but Tywin handled them while Ned became overwhelmed by them.Wait what should Tywin have done?  Put on a cape, grab a sword and fly into Duskendale to rescue Aerys?  In other words, a King "acts boldly," words that Tywin openly mocks because they are so ridiculous coming out of Joffâ<U+0080><U+0099>s mouth.  And here I would caution you- you are taking the side of Joff.  Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m just saying, that MAY be a sign that you are on the wrong side of this debate.I like the wasy you minimize every action Tywin has done for decades by saying he â<U+0080><U+009C>stumbledâ<U+0080><U+009D> or â<U+0080><U+009C>sat on his assâ<U+0080><U+009D> and then never realize that in those cases Tywin acted 100% correctly, prudently and effectively.   I mean in your world you want Tywin to ride on a blaze of glory and attack and fight and slash and slam.  But there is more to ruling than those things.  And, in fact, when it called for violence Tywin was pretty much an assassin in delivering effective force.  Castemere, the Red Wedding, Duskendale, Tarbeck Hall etc.  And add in the Sack of Kingâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Landing (a move that probably shortened the war by a year and saved countless lives) and the relief of Blackwater Bay and you have an impressive resume.   Again I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know what you want- you want Tywin to win all the battles but lose the war.  No, thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Robb Stark.	No.  By this logic all that would need to happen would have been for one guy to ride out dressed as Renly and TA-DAH- battle won.  Nope.  Highgarden went with Tywin and Tywin lead the attack (Tyrion says as much in the books).   In order for that to happen, Tywin needs to meet with Highgarden (which he did) and in order for that to happen Highgarden needs to know that they can make a deal witH Tywin (which they did).Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not backfiring; thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s what Tywin knew would be acceptable losses.  Having impoverished lords with wrecked households, deplete of fighting men, planning on stabbing you in the back is much better than having a large army actively fighting you on the battlefield.  With Winter coming the North was done.  Game. Set. Match.  Game over, man.  Game over.  After the Winter was over Tywin et al would help the North to their feet, exactly as he had commanded to Joff (who you seem to think has Tywin peggedâ<U+0080>¦ good luck with that).  The Boltonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s would institute hard justice in the North and Tywin would be there to meter out recovery.  It was a fantastic plan, and had Tyrion not gone soft oit would have worked.  Yes, Tywin would have had to deal with Stannis, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s another story- Stannis is a hard nut to crack.Buit the alternative is to have Robb in open rebellion and winning battles hither and yon.  Again, the reality of Post-Red Wedding Westeros GREATLY favors the Lannisters; prior to the Red Wedding it was not.Look, the Red Wedding worked.  It worrked so well that the North was utterly destroyed and the Boltons are the rulers of the North with ample help.  And the lrods you mention- who are they angry at?  Lannisters?  NOPE!  Mad at the Freys.  Another brilliant move, I may add.  Be mad at the Freys all you want; leave Tommen out of it.But he did.  In SoS, he mentions the plan, literally, in the very first Tyrion chapter.  At the end of CoK, Bolton et all know about Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s defiance and immediately set about contacting Tywin.   Tywin then brings together Frey, Bolton and Westerling.  How else do you think they got together on that?  Osmosis?  Each one KNOWS that Tywin Lannister will broker this reality and reward them all.  Which he does.The reality is that Tywin Lannister ruled the Kingdom.  When he lost interest in a ruler or they pissed him off, they stopped Ruling (look at what happened to Aerys and Robert).  He fought wars, he defeated enemies and ruthlessly crushed usurpers and oputlaws.  In other words, he was the guy you wanted in charge.  Unless, of course, you want to lose.This is a pretty devastating Tywin-esque reply.The two most ridiculous anti-Tywin rants:1) While he was Hand the realm was peaceful and prosperous, so that doesn't really count.2) There were no great military victories mentioned in the books so he must not have any.  How the hell else did Tywin get his rep?  I don't recall his rep being just that he was mean and I'm pretty sure he needed some military help to exterminate another great house.
1462	Morrigan	2012-04-25	Did someone say "how is Tywin a douche"? Really? Really? Nevermind the Red Wedding, what about the wholesale slaughter of smallfolk by Ser Gregor and Amory Lorch (directly at Tywin's orders)? What about his shitty treatment of Tyrion in general (blaming him for his mother's death, for fuck's sake)? What about the Tysha episode? What about the fact that he raised a daughter like Cersei who in turn raised a son like Joffrey? What about his extreme hypocrisy about Shae? Of course he's a douche. He's a capable ruler and a wealthy and powerful and ruthless lord, but, to quote TV-Tyrion, "He's always been a cunt."By the way, if he's so smart and clever, how could he be so blind as to the fact that his twin children are sleeping together? Even Kevan realized it. True, we don't know for a certainty that Tywin didn't know (Tyrion seems to think he didn't, and he certainly gave no indication that he did), but if he did know, that's even worse because his daughter was married to the king, and he'd know that her sleeping around with her brother would lead to disaster eventually.My point is, Tywin was strong and powerful but he was still very much flawed. His children were his blind spot.-- That said, back on topic: Charles Dance is so awesome that he makes Tywin likeable. He turned Tywin from Complete Monster into Magnificent Bastard, hah.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 25 April 2012 - 10:22 AM.
1463	Rockroi	2012-04-25	Nevermind the Red Wedding, what about the wholesale slaughter of smallfolk by Ser Gregor and Amory Lorch (directly at Tywin's orders)?I'll do what you did: quote Tyrion Lannister, "I believe they call that war."  Done and done. My point is, Tywin was strong and powerful but he was still very much flawed. His children were his blind spot.Every character is flawed; that's the whole point.  Nobody ever claimed Tywin was perfect or Christ made whole.  His chidlren WERE his blind spot.  That seems fair because many of these people have shitty children or grandchildren (in your case you blame Tywin for Joff which is incredible; does that mean we should blame Egg for Aerys?).  Ned Stark had fucking Arya for Christ sake and she's a killing machine.  Does that make Ned a bad parent?  Randall Tarly gave the world Samwell, does that make him a good one?  Aerys gave the world Dany and Viserys?  Is he 50/50? Look, being a good ruler and being a swell guy are different things. Tywin is not a guy you would want as a father.  Fair point.Tywin is a guy you would want as your lord.  Better point.Tywin is a guy you would never want as an enemy.  Ultimate point.
1464	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	Did someone say "how is Tywin a douche"? Really? Really? Nevermind the Red Wedding, what about the wholesale slaughter of smallfolk by Ser Gregor and Amory Lorch (directly at Tywin's orders)? What about his shitty treatment of Tyrion in general (blaming him for his mother's death, for fuck's sake)? What about the Tysha episode? What about the fact that he raised a daughter like Cersei who in turn raised a son like Joffrey? What about his extreme hypocrisy about Shae? Of course he's a douche. He's a capable ruler and a wealthy and powerful and ruthless lord, but, to quote TV-Tyrion, "He's always been a cunt."By the way, if he's so smart and clever, how could he be so blind as to the fact that his twin children are sleeping together? Even Kevan realized it. True, we don't know for a certainty that Tywin didn't know (Tyrion seems to think he didn't, and he certainly gave no indication that he did), but if he did know, that's even worse because his daughter was married to the king, and he'd know that her sleeping around with her brother would lead to disaster eventually.My point is, Tywin was strong and powerful but he was still very much flawed. His children were his blind spot.-- That said, back on topic: Charles Dance is so awesome that he makes Tywin likeable. He turned Tywin from Complete Monster into Magnificent Bastard, hah.No one really knew until later, and I'm sure tywin figured it out.  he was working on ways to combat the rumor.  Eitehr way, it doesn't matter if he knew or not, he had to do damage control.  He was actively seeking ways to prove it otherwise, which is more than the other Lannisters who you seem to think were so much smarter than him were doing.
1465	7V3N	2012-04-25	Dance is outstanding. No more to say on that.I always found Tywin to be a respectable character in the books if I ignored what I knew about him through Tyrion. I don't think anybody likes Tywin, they respect him. They don't say, "I could see myself having enjoyable conversations with this guy," they say, "I could see myself following him into battle," or something like that. It is his poise--it demands respect and he gets it. He is a leader and a damn good one. He can also avoid blame by having a wild bannerman like Gregor Clegane who everyone just accepts as a loose cannon. That is why so many people follow the Lannisters. It certainly isn't because of Cersei and we know how the Lannisters were thought of before Tywin. So people say they "like" the TV Tywin--I think they can separate Tyrion's thoughts since the show does not have limiting POV like the books.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 25 April 2012 - 11:00 AM.
1466	The hairy bear	2012-04-25	Tywin is not a guy you would want as a father.  Fair point.Tywin is a guy you would want as your lord.  Better point.Tywin is a guy you would never want as an enemy.  Ultimate point.I agree with you with 1 and 3, but I'm not so sure about 2. I don't think the common folk and the nobles from the West can look back at Tywin's rule and feel satisfied. Just to defend "the honor" of the Lannisters he has involved the whole West in a costly war that has decimated its population and drained its resources. Thousands of combatants died, the Northern army brought war to their lands, their cattle was stolen,... and all of this because Tywin believed that sending a band of sadistic murderers to ravage their neighbors was a proportionate response to having his son arrested.Tywin is too proud for his own good... and specially for the good the people he rules.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 26 April 2012 - 09:37 AM.
1467	David Selig	2012-04-25	Not to mention that Tywin tolerated having people like Gregor Clegane as his bannermen and allowed them to do pretty much whatever they wanted. Imagine living under Gregor's rule. He was probably killing his subjects for fun when he got bored. He killed his two wives, his father and his sister  but of course Tywin did nothing because Gregor was a useful monster.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 25 April 2012 - 11:16 AM.
1468	Lothar Imbel	2012-04-25	Fuck yes.  I actually cheered when he rode in, the blonde git.
1469	Independent George	2012-04-25	I liked Tywin even in the books, but yes, Charles Dance is even more awesome than I could have ever hoped.
1470	Morrigan	2012-04-25	I'll do what you did: quote Tyrion Lannister, "I believe they call that war."  Done and done.....Aaaaand "it's war" makes the wholesale raping, burning and slaughtering of helpless peasants OK? WTF is wrong with you? Remember, we're not debating on whether it's a useful war tactic to demoralize the enemy, but whether or not Tywin is a "douche".(Also, you quoted Tyrion out of context. He expresses a lack of surprise at Gregor's work, not approval.)That seems fair because many of these people have shitty children or grandchildren (in your case you blame Tywin for Joff which is incredible; does that mean we should blame Egg for Aerys?).Of course not. Also you're quoting me out of context (you seem good at that). I don't blame Tywin directly for Joffrey, I blame him for Cersei, and indirectly for Joffrey. Egg wasn't around Aerys, ever, but Tywin was around Joffrey for a bit and even he failed to curb the little shit. I'm not saying he's the most responsible for Joffrey, obviously, that's Robert and Cersei's fault for failing as parents, but his egotistical pride and ruthlessness are certainly values he transmitted to Cersei (his influence on her is all over her POV chapters), which in turn she transmitted to Joffrey.Tywin is a guy you would want as your lord.  Better point.Yeah? Tell that to the folks living near Clegane's Keep... /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Not to mention that Tywin tolerated having people like Gregor Clegane as his bannermen and allowed them to do pretty much whatever they wanted. Imagine living under Gregor's rule. He was probably killing his subjects for fun when he got bored. He killed his two wives, his father and his sister  but of course Tywin did nothing because Gregor was a useful monster.This.
1471	Rockroi	2012-04-25	....Aaaaand "it's war" makes the wholesale raping, burning and slaughtering of helpless peasants OK? WTF is wrong with you?Uh, nothing I am just explaining that in war bad shit happens.  Or did you think Robb Stark attacked his enemies with kisses and rainbows?Remember, we're not debating on whether it's a useful war tactic to demoralize the enemy, but whether or not Tywin is a "douche".I had thought we were debating Tywin as a whole; you keep using the word "douche."(Also, you quoted Tyrion out of context. He expresses a lack of surprise at Gregor's work, not approval.)I did no such thing, actually.â<U+0080><U+009C>A lordling down from the Trident, says your fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s men burned his keep, raped his wife, and killed all his peasants.â<U+0080><U+009D>â<U+0080><U+009C>I believe they call that war.â<U+0080><U+009D> Tyrion smelled Gregor Cleganeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s work, or that of Ser Amory Lorch or his fatherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s other pet hellhound, the Qohorik.Martin, George R.R. (2003-01-01). A Game of Thrones/A Clash of Kings (Kindle Locations 17629-17632). Bantam. Kindle Edition.In other words he is alittle put off that this lordling would want Joff for recompence.  After all.. its war.  That was the context, that was my meaning, that was what Tywin's men were doing.  Its war.Of course not. Also you're quoting me out of context (you seem good at that). I don't blame Tywin directly for Joffrey, I blame him for Cersei, and indirectly for Joffrey.Arya has killed 3 people by the end of CoK and ordered the death of many others.  Is she a bad person and if so why don't you blame Ned?  Because, you will say, there were other circumstances that made Arya what she became.  I say the same exact thing for Tywin; all of Cersei's problems cannot be laid at Tywin's feet.  Other things were going on.Egg wasn't around Aerys, ever, but Tywin was around Joffrey for a bit and even he failed to curb the little shit. I'm not saying he's the most responsible for Joffrey, obviously, that's Robert and Cersei's fault for failing as parents, but his egotistical pride and ruthlessness are certainly values he transmitted to Cersei (his influence on her is all over her POV chapters), which in turn she transmitted to Joffrey.And where is your evidence that Tywin Lannister was around KIng's Landing and raising Joff? So, wait- Tywin should be blamed for what then?  Being a proud guy?  Being effective?  And this translated onto Joff?  Through.... what? Osmosis?  I think its clear in many of the discussions Joff had with Tywin that Joff emulatyes Tywin NOT AT ALL!  Hmmm... and does that mean Tywin was a GOOD grandfather because Tommen turned out okay?  Your theory seems to be based on the following idea: Tywin is a bad person, therefore he must be blammed for all bad things that others flowing from his body did, one way or another.  Tyrion is an amazing Hand and an incredible player- Tywin's doing?  And if not, who's?  Does that mean Tywin is a good parent because Tyrion killed Tywin who was a bad man?  Now you have me truly confused.Yeah? Tell that to the folks living near Clegane's Keep... /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />By this logic Ned Stark is a war criminal for allowing Roose and Ramsey Bolton to exist at the Dreadfort, right?  But, alas, you like Ned so no, Ned is a good Lord and Bolton exists and Tywin is a bad man because Clegane exists.... curiouser and curiouser...Not to mention that Tywin Ned and Robb Stark tolerated having people like Gregor Clegane Roose Bolton as his bannermen and allowed them to do pretty much whatever they wanted. Imagine living under Gregor Bolton's/Ramsey's rule. He was probably killing his subjects for fun when he got bored. ...  but of course Tywin Ned and Robb did nothing because Gregor Roose was a useful monster.I fixed "This" for you.  No need to thank me.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 25 April 2012 - 03:22 PM.
1472	Envie	2012-04-25	Most of us love Tywin in the same respects we loved Darth Vader - there's a certain kind of ominous authority that comes with being so able to command fear with just a gesture or force choke hold. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
I think the actor they chose for Tywin's role is doing an absolutely fantastic job of portraying the personality of a very commanding and successful Patriarch from the books. No, he wasn't 'good' or 'bad' but no one truly is in this story, which is why its so compelling and real.
1473	Raksha the Demon	2012-04-25	Did someone say "how is Tywin a douche"? Really? Really? Nevermind the Red Wedding, what about the wholesale slaughter of smallfolk by Ser Gregor and Amory Lorch (directly at Tywin's orders)? What about his shitty treatment of Tyrion in general (blaming him for his mother's death, for fuck's sake)? What about the Tysha episode? What about the fact that he raised a daughter like Cersei who in turn raised a son like Joffrey? What about his extreme hypocrisy about Shae? Of course he's a douche. He's a capable ruler and a wealthy and powerful and ruthless lord, but, to quote TV-Tyrion, "He's always been a cunt."By the way, if he's so smart and clever, how could he be so blind as to the fact that his twin children are sleeping together? Even Kevan realized it. True, we don't know for a certainty that Tywin didn't know (Tyrion seems to think he didn't, and he certainly gave no indication that he did), but if he did know, that's even worse because his daughter was married to the king, and he'd know that her sleeping around with her brother would lead to disaster eventually.My point is, Tywin was strong and powerful but he was still very much flawed. His children were his blind spot.-- That said, back on topic: Charles Dance is so awesome that he makes Tywin likeable. He turned Tywin from Complete Monster into Magnificent Bastard, hah.Charles Dance was a wonderful choice to portray Tywin Lannister; I can't think of anyone else who I'd have wanted to play the character, and he is doing a great job.  If you want to see Dance being even more nasty, watch Bleak House; I think he barely raised his voice, but the actor knows how to convey menace.  Charles Dance's incarnation of Tywin might seem more magnificent and less monstrous to people who have not read the books, who have not seen what he is willing to do for the glory of House Lannister - including ordering the slaughter of innocent women and children (Duskendale, and the young children of Prince Rhaegar, and the 'collateral damage' of Princess Elia's rape and murder - can't believe that Tywin did not intend for her to die too, if he had wanted her kept alive, he would have ordered it and it's doubtful that even Gregor Clegane would have disobeyed him).I could see Tywin choosing Arya to be his cupbearer.  He might not have brought a cupbearer along; and it would have pleased him to have a cupbearer who was distinctive (a girl) and had showed herself to be intelligent and resourceful.  I doubt he would care at all about her beyond her usefulness as a servant for a relatively brief time.
1474	David Selig	2012-04-25	By this logic Ned Stark is a war criminal for allowing Roose and Ramsey Bolton to exist at the Dreadfort, right?  But, alas, you like Ned so no, Ned is a good Lord and Bolton exists and Tywin is a bad man because Clegane exists.... curiouser and curiouser...I fixed "This" for you.  No need to thank me. Oh, come on, it's not the same thing at all. Roose is smart enough to keep his brutality hidden from Ned, and Ramsay wasn't on the scene before Ned went south. On the other hand, gregor's crimes are so well known even ned living thousand miles away have heard about hem. And Rodrick, the Stark appointed castellan, actually arrested Ramsay when he got a report of a crime he committed, which obviously didn't happen with Gregor. Neither Robb nor Ned took the Boltons to war with the specific goal of using them for war atrocities and encouraging them to become even bigger monsters, as Tywin did with Gregor, Amory, and his other butchers. But that it's all beside the main point anyway. Just because others might have allowed their bannermen to commit atrocities on their subjects doesn't make Tywin a good Lord.
1475	Morrigan	2012-04-25	Uh, nothing I am just explaining that in war bad shit happens.  Or did you think Robb Stark attacked his enemies with kisses and rainbows?*facepalm* What does this have to do with anything?I had thought we were debating Tywin as a whole; you keep using the word "douche."Uh what. My original post opened with this:Did someone say "how is Tywin a douche"? Really? Really?Clearly I'm arguing this point, and not Tywin as a whole. Learn to internet  read.In other words he is alittle put off that this lordling would want Joff for recompence.  After all.. its war.  That was the context, that was my meaning, that was what Tywin's men were doing.  Its war.It doesn't make any less douchey so you have no point. Also, of course Tyrion thinks it's unlikely that Joff would compensate an enemy lord. But all of that is besides the point.Arya has killed 3 people by the end of CoK and ordered the death of many others.  Is she a bad person and if so why don't you blame Ned?  Because, you will say, there were other circumstances that made Arya what she became.  I say the same exact thing for Tywin; all of Cersei's problems cannot be laid at Tywin's feet.  Other things were going on.What other things were going on that made Joffrey a monster, beyond Cersei raising him to be a spoiled, proud, entitled little shit? As for Cersei, she murdered her childhood friend when she was still a girl, so... *shrugs*And where is your evidence that Tywin Lannister was around KIng's Landing and raising Joff?That's not what I said.  Learn to internet  read.So, wait- Tywin should be blamed for what then?  Being a proud guy?  Being effective?  And this translated onto Joff?  Through.... what? Osmosis?  I think its clear in many of the discussions Joff had with Tywin that Joff emulatyes Tywin NOT AT ALL!  Hmmm... and does that mean Tywin was a GOOD grandfather because Tommen turned out okay?  Your theory seems to be based on the following idea: Tywin is a bad person, therefore he must be blammed for all bad things that others flowing from his body did, one way or another.  Tyrion is an amazing Hand and an incredible player- Tywin's doing?  And if not, who's?  Does that mean Tywin is a good parent because Tyrion killed Tywin who was a bad man?  Now you have me truly confused.Indeed, you're very confused, and are starting to address things I never said. I suggest you re-read what I said and try applying something called comprehension.By this logic Ned Stark is a war criminal for allowing Roose and Ramsey Bolton to exist at the Dreadfort, right?  But, alas, you like Ned so no, Ned is a good Lord and Bolton exists and Tywin is a bad man because Clegane exists.... curiouser and curiouser...Bahaha, this is gold. Not only it's a classic case of tu quoque fallacious reasoning, but yes, the comparison is so apt because if Ned had been aware of Ramsey's crimes, he would have done nothing about it... and in fact, once Ramsey's crimes became known, Ser Rodrik Cassel (in charge of Winterfell at the time) totally encouraged him and let him continue his atrocities without retribution...   /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Yeah, I'm done talking to you.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 25 April 2012 - 05:20 PM.
1476	7V3N	2012-04-25	....Aaaaand "it's war" makes the wholesale raping, burning and slaughtering of helpless peasants OK? WTF is wrong with you?Did you not read AFFC? I don't know if GRRM could have emphasized the destruction made by each faction any more. Wolves, lions, crackens, no matter. They all hurt the commoners. Jorah also emphasized this. War is never good--especially for those who already live simple lives and depend on livestock, crops, etc.If you want to use this against Tywin, use it against Robb as well. When invading enemy lands, the soldiers take their rewards (women, gold, shelter, etc.)
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 25 April 2012 - 06:14 PM.
1477	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-25	Watching that scene again, I can't get over how good Dance is as Tywin. Such a sheer badass... Close second to Nikolaj for me.I feel they're making most of the Lannisters a little more likeable (Jaime aside, though that changes on its own); Cersei is much less of a bitch, Tyrion's own shortcomings aren't really prevalent yet, and Tywin's big entry into S2 is a scene that good -- saving two major characters from torture and walking all over his pet monsters.Joff, on the other hand...
1478	wolverine	2012-04-25	Dance rocks as Tywin.  I would agree that the show is making Cersei and Tywin more likeable.
I can't believe there is still an argument about whether or not Tywin is a douche.  I did not know that effective leader/administrator = not a douche.  He is a total arrogant egotistical prick.  He is utterly ruthless and heartless.  He has zero conscience and only worries about himself. 
Yes, he is not a sick sadist like Ramsay, Joffery, or The Mountain, but IMO he is pretty much a sociopath.  He doesn't partake in monstrous acts himself because he would look bad and he does not want to get his hands dirty.  However he has 0 problem ordering people to do monstrous acts.  What was the greater good accomplished by having his sons lowborn wife gang-raped in front of him?
So if you think a person is only judged by how effectively they collect and maintain their power than you fundamentaly believe differently than me (and others I would say) and further arguing may be pointless.
For all of ASOIAF plot twists there is one thing that is pretty formulaic:  If you are honorable your plans will fall apart and you will lose.  Only if you are completely ruthless and pragmatic do you really stand a chance (or maybe really lucky/magic, i.e. Dany).
1479	Morrigan	2012-04-26	Did you not read AFFC? I don't know if GRRM could have emphasized the destruction made by each faction any more. Wolves, lions, crackens, no matter. They all hurt the commoners. Jorah also emphasized this. War is never good--especially for those who already live simple lives and depend on livestock, crops, etc.Well aware of that.If you want to use this against Tywin, use it against Robb as well. When invading enemy lands, the soldiers take their rewards (women, gold, shelter, etc.)Nope, not Robb, because Robb does not encourage it, and would certainly more than frown upon it and put a stop to it if he had the power (he doesn't, obviously). (Hell, even Theon of all people punishes the drunken squabblers and the rapists during the capture of Winterfell.)
1480	Rockroi	2012-04-26	Morrigan:
Each one of your arguments against Tywin you find convienent (and rarely true) excuses for the other characters. 
As Robb goes through his war he knows full well what Roose Boilton is; Ned was aware of Roose for qwuite some time (on the TRident ROose advocates executing prisoners like Barristan Selmy).  I asked you if Ned was as bad as Tywin because TYwin had Gregor and Ned had Roose.  Both men committed attrocities on their lands; both men had multiple wives die under mysterious circumstances; both men have gruesome reputations.  For Ned- NOPE Ned is honorable and good and fluffy and pets his kids direwolves and hugs his wife at night.  So he's good.
Tywin is mean!  HE says bad thinsg about Tyrion and ... and ... he ... he once helled at a guardsman... and ... and he.. he's SO MEAN!  So, he's bad.
That's the thing- I accept Tywin and Ned as part and parcel of being an effecttive and juditious lord.  I accept Jon Arryn and Doran Martel and MAce Tyrel as well (according to your logic, btw, because we have never heard of any attrocities committed by Mace Tyrel, the man is a paragon of virture).  You make a moral judgment. 
Now, I understand that Tywin did really bad things that are terrible- Tysha; his attitude towards Tyrion etc.  I also accept that Ned Stark lied to his wife for their entire relationship about an adulterous affair he never had; that he was so caught up in "honor" that he utterly ruined his family in the face of pretty obvious danger.  Hey, it happens; that does not make Ned a bad guy. 
And I accept that in war both men had to do pretty bad things to continue the momentum of battle and victory; I accept that Tywin needs the Mountain like Ned needs Roose.  I accept that Robb needed Roose as well and that his Wolves - like the ones who chopped off Jaime's hand (who when they worked for Tywin I bet you thought they were MONSTERS!!!!   But when they worked for Robb?  Hmmm... that... that was Roose, right?  Curiouser and curiouser.- and Tywin needed his lions.  They all do terrible things.  Robb's romp in the West was a guerrilla warfare plan he tore uup farmlands and slaughtered cattle etc. 
But I'm sure in your world if any peasants or townsfolk opbjected, good ol' Robb came out and gave them a stern lecture and then spanked their bottoms and said "Now go on you big lugs before I get angry!"  And everyone laughed
No.  No no.  Those people would still starve when RObb burned their crops and destroyed their livlihoods.  Robb just was in the West shorter than Tywin was in the Riverlands. 
I believe that's why they call that war.  Again.
But you will be happy to note that I do know how to read whether or not somebody has drawn a stritke-through line through the word "Internet" (super clever of you, btw).  Perhapse you should learn to argue better.
1481	Rockroi	2012-04-26	I mean - sorry for this - you knwo that when we first meet Eddard he's chopping a guy's head off?  Now, I say "That's fine" because the man was a deserter (then again... when Jon deserted it was all cool); if Tywin did that I would venture to guess that you would say that is proof on how horrible he is.  Eddard killed a man because that's the law of the land (though in the series its worse- Ned kills the man ... and then starts asking questions about the man's claims.  Ned Stark- launching investigations after he's killed the star witness).
Doran Martell's brother is a killer who slaps women and poisons people.  Cool, right?  Does this make Doran a horrible person because the Red Viper served him?
My point is this- in war horrible, horrible things happen in this world.  They are not advanced enough to have things like "The Geneva Convention" etc.  And men like Tywin have Gregor; men like Doran have Obyren; men like Ned have Roose.  That's par for the course.  These are hard men with hard, hard servants.  And in war you play to win.  ITs easy for me to say- having never served in one myself -but from the descriptions we have all been exposed to, war is pretty fucking terrible.  And merely because Tywin does not reign in Gregor or Robb gives Roose Harrenhal or Doran sends Obyren to court, that does not mean these actions are or were in and of themselves horrible acts, or makes one "douchey" (I don't know what this discription is so ....)
It makes their world hard to live in; it makes it hard to navigate; it makes it hard to survive.  Ned was a tremendous father (Arya is not entirely his fault just like Cersei is not entirely Tywin's fault- both men were doing other things); Tywin a tremendous lord.  Tywin was a monster to Tysha (an event so perposterous that we have to believe it) but he had his (shitty) reasons- Tyrion cannot marry a common woman.  Period.  Ned chops mens heads off.  Why?  Because there cannot be deserters.  Preiod.
To then malke them intimately responsible for every bad act every one of their men takes at all times i a highly questionable process one that leads nowhere becasue that means RObb's a monster, Ned's a monster, Jon Arryn's a monster, Dany is a monster, etc etc etc ad mosium.  THey are all not mosnters (for the actions you described during war).
And that was may point the whole time.  If you want to say Tywin is an asshole for what he did to Tysha (ugh... lame) than I have no problem with that.  At all.  BUt you seem to have a very real problem in acceotuing that during war these men must act in these ways.  And sometimes, in "peace" to.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 26 April 2012 - 07:08 AM.
1482	Morrigan	2012-04-26	Strawman, strawman, tu quoque, strawman, deliberate obtuseness, false equivalencies, non-sequitur... I lost count of all the fallacies. And that's just in the first post, I'm not even gonna bother reading past this garbage.You think that if Robb or Ned knew of the torture going on at the Dreadfort, he would have allowed it? Really? Robb is creeped out by Roose when he's around him. He does keep him around because he needs him to lead soldiers, but he doesn't let him get away with atrocities if he has the power to stop them. Both Ned and Robb make active efforts to stop atrocities from happening whenever they can. Tywin, on the other hand, not only encourages them, but he lets Gregor get away with tons of crimes (even before the war, mind you) because Gregor is convenient to him. On the flipside, if Ned learns of atrocities or severe crimes being committed by his bannermen, guess what he does? He goes himself to arrest them. Ser Jorah, anyone? Jorah was lucky enough to escape before Ned made it to Bear Island, but it goes to show that Ned wouldn't let a slaver get away with his crimes. If you think for a second that he'd close his eyes on the atrocities at the Dreadfort if he had known of them, you're deluding yourself. (Not to mention that Ned would have never done something like Tywin did to Tysha to "punish" his son.)That you refuse to see the difference is nothing short of disingenuous. (I do admit to being impressed at the mental gymnastics required to compare Ned to Tywin, though.)Tywin is mean!  HE says bad thinsg about Tyrion and ... and ... he ... he once helled at a guardsman... and ... and he.. he's SO MEAN!  So, he's bad.Right, because that was my argument. "Tywin is evil because he says bad things about Tyrion and he yelled at a guardsman". Seriously, listen to yourself. The straw is so thick I couldn't even cut it off with a perfectly sharpened katana (not to mention that you sound like a petulant brat).I'm done here.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 26 April 2012 - 10:32 AM.
1483	The hairy bear	2012-04-26	My point is this- in war horrible, horrible things happen in this world. This is very simplistic, isn't it? War is horrible, of course. At the end, it's people killing each other. But the ones who participate in it can try to minimize its horrors or can try to increase them. Robb did the former, Tywin did the later.As Robb goes through his war he knows full well what Roose Boilton is; Ned was aware of Roose for qwuite some timeRobb is a boy of sixteen. Do you really believe he would have given him the command of half of his forces if he knew "full well what Roose Bolton is"?I think it's telling that all the acts of "cruelty" attributed to Robb's army have been done by the part of the army commanded by Lord Bolton. Where Robb was commanding, we've never heard of burning fields, killing peasants, mistreat prisoners, rapes,...And I accept that in war both men had to do pretty bad things to continue the momentum of battle and victory; I accept that Tywin needs the Mountain like Ned needs Roose. I accept that Robb needed Roose as well and that his Wolves - like the ones who chopped off Jaime's hand (who when they worked for Tywin I bet you thought they were MONSTERS!!!! But when they worked for Robb? Hmmm... that... that was Roose, right? Curiouser and curiouser.You keep saying that Ned (or Robb) needs Roose. And this is false. Reread the AGOT chapter where Robb decides to give Roose the command of half of his army. He is not looking for someone harsh or ruthless, but for someone cautious (that's why he refuses his first option, the Greatjon).You are comparing very different things. Tywin sends Gregor to the Riverlands to raze and pillage. Robb sends Roose to defend a land he claims as his own (and for this reason, all the acts of cruelty against the peasants of the Riverlands were against Robb's interests!)
1484	7V3N	2012-04-26	Strawman, strawman, tu quoque, strawman, deliberate obtuseness, false equivalencies, non-sequitur... I lost count of all the fallacies. And that's just in the first post, I'm not even gonna bother reading past this garbage.You think that if Robb or Ned knew of the torture going on at the Dreadfort, he would have allowed it? Really? Robb is creeped out by Roose when he's around him. He does keep him around because he needs him to lead soldiers, but he doesn't let him get away with atrocities if he has the power to stop them. Both Ned and Robb make active efforts to stop atrocities from happening whenever they can. Tywin, on the other hand, not only encourages them, but he lets Gregor get away with tons of crimes (even before the war, mind you) because Gregor is convenient to him. On the flipside, if Ned learns of atrocities or severe crimes being committed by his bannermen, guess what he does? He goes himself to arrest them. Ser Jorah, anyone? Jorah was lucky enough to escape before Ned made it to Bear Island, but it goes to show that Ned wouldn't let a slaver get away with his crimes. If you think for a second that he'd close his eyes on the atrocities at the Dreadfort if he had known of them, you're deluding yourself. (Not to mention that Ned would have never done something like Tywin did to Tysha to "punish" his son.)That you refuse to see the difference is nothing short of disingenuous. (I do admit to being impressed at the mental gymnastics required to compare Ned to Tywin, though.)Right, because that was my argument. "Tywin is evil because he says bad things about Tyrion and he yelled at a guardsman". Seriously, listen to yourself. The straw is so thick I couldn't even cut it off with a perfectly sharpened katana (not to mention that you sound like a petulant brat).I'm done here.You need to read the books again. Robb's soldiers raped and pillaged just like the Lannisters'. Tywin is indeed an asshole, but your argument is nonsense.
1485	Rockroi	2012-04-26	Morrigan:You think that if Robb or Ned knew of the torture going on at the Dreadfort, he would have allowed it?I think Ned allowed quite a bit.  For starters, the legends and rumors surrounding Roose and Ramsey are no less horrid than the ones surrounding Gregor.  I think Ned knew or should have known and also knew that the North respected stuff like that.  I mean if your argument is that Ned was, by-in-large, a simpleton who needed stuff drilled into his head before he knew what was going on, you get no argument from me.  My point is that Ned had a good read on the men that served under him and he knew Roose was a bad guy at the Trident at the latest. Really? Robb is creeped out by Roose when he's around him. He does keep him around because he needs him to lead soldiers, but he doesn't let him get away with atrocities if he has the power to stop them.And Tywin kept the Mountain around because he was good at commanding men.  See?  Why is one behavior "acceptable" in one and "war crimes" in another?Both Ned and Robb make active efforts to stop atrocities from happening whenever they can.Not really.  Robb is pretty silent on atrocities; we know his plan in the West was to raise havoc so I am not sure how thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not an atrocity (given your lax definition).  And we never see Ned command troops in battle or on campaign.  I think its safe to say that Ned and Robb are good people, but in war that changes and mortifies. I think Robb especially was going to make the West bleed.    Tywin, on the other hand, not only encourages them, but he lets Gregor get away with tons of crimes (even before the war, mind you) because Gregor is convenient to him.I would say â<U+0080><U+009C>effective.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Again, I am unclear how Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s plan in the West was any different that Tywinâ<U+0080><U+0099>s unleashing of the Mountain after Cat illegally kidnaps Tyrion. From the books:But if he did not attack, he would have been trapped in the west, a thousand leagues from where he needed to be. All the while we would have lived off his land, instead of him living off ours.â<U+0080><U+009D>Martin, George R.R. (2003-03-04). A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three (p. 199). Bantam. Kindle Edition.What did you think â<U+0080><U+009C>live off the landsâ<U+0080><U+009D> meant?  You think he was going to share the wheat in the fields with the Westerners?  Pay them for their time?  His army was something like 12,000 men almost all on horseback; not likley he could spare to parlay with these people.  Seriously, you are delusional if you think otherwise. On the flipside, if Ned learns of atrocities or severe crimes being committed by his bannermen, guess what he does? He goes himself to arrest them. Ser Jorah, anyone? Jorah was lucky enough to escape before Ned made it to Bear Island, but it goes to show that Ned wouldn't let a slaver get away with his crimes.Its unclear what Tywin would have done about slaves because we never have seen it.  Tywin does have a knack for executing people, just like Ned, though. And I would say that Ned going out to Bear Island ALLOWED Jorah to escape.  When Tywin wants a man taken, that man gets taken.  See?If you think for a second that he'd close his eyes on the atrocities at the Dreadfort if he had known of them, you're deluding yourself.Again, I think its pretty clear that Ned either knew about Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s actions or should have known (the rumors and talk does not creep up overnight).  Ned was Warden of the North and really should have been able to figure out Rooseâ<U+0080><U+0099>s propensities. Other lords would have probably dropped a few subtle hints (beyond, you know, the banner being a flayed man and all).  I think to some degree Ned knew that guys like Roose had a value.And so did Robb, it should be noted. Glad I impressed you though. The hairy bearThis is very simplistic, isn't it? War is horrible, of course. At the end, it's people killing each other. But the ones who participate in it can try to minimize its horrors or can try to increase them. Robb did the former, Tywin did the later.I think both men did what they needed to do to win.  Again Robb was going to live off the land in the West, much to the discomfort of those who lived there.  Historically speaking â<U+0080><U+009C>living off the landâ<U+0080><U+009D> is a dicey proposition; but we have a good example of it: William Techumsa Shermanâ<U+0080><U+0099>s 1864-65 â<U+0080><U+009C>March to the Seaâ<U+0080><U+009D> in the US Civil War.  And that type of warfare was pretty horrible on the population there.  Was that more Robb?  Or more Tywin?  I say itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little bit of both and that both men carried out some version of that war. Also, Robb spent the VAST majority of the war in his lands or in his allies lands, hence the chances for him to damage enemy land was small.  When he was in the west, the record is clear: he planned on uprooting that land for his and his armyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s own ends.  And there is nothing wrong with that in war.  Tywin, by contrast, spends almost his entire war on enemy soil- either in the East or in the Riverlands and he does in the East what Robb had planned to do in the East.  He also has to deal with guerrilla fighters, most notably Dondarion and thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not small.  In doing so he has to fight that war that way.  Had Robb stayed West he would be doing much the same.Robb is a boy of sixteen. Do you really believe he would have given him the command of half of his forces if he knew "full well what Roose Bolton is"?I do.  First, I am utterly unmoved by Robbs age.  Robb was a man grown by Westeros standards.  Robb made many hard decisions, had a great understanding of the men who served under him (ie- why he executed the Karstarks; knowing the Umbers would be bad at certain things, etc); and knew the mettle of war.  Second Robb has inklings of Roose and he seems to be creeped out by Roose at certain points (Morigan says as much above).  I think Robb thinks something like, â<U+0080><U+009C>Heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s  a dangerous man.  I am going to give him certain authority. I am glad he does not commit atrocities around me.  The less I know about his maliciousness the better.â<U+0080><U+009D>  Its called â<U+0080><U+009C>excusable neglectâ<U+0080><U+009D>; maybe Robb doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know but heâ<U+0080><U+0099>s HAPPY he doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know. I think it's telling that all the acts of "cruelty" attributed to Robb's army have been done by the part of the army commanded by Lord Bolton. Where Robb was commanding, we've never heard of burning fields, killing peasants, mistreat prisoners, rapes,...Again, by that same logic we could say that all of the rapes and cruelty done accredited to "Lions" was done by the Mountain and leave it at that on Tywin, but certain people do not.  Also, the story finds cruelty in war in many geographic areas and its not just by lions and wolves in THIS certain area; the peasants et al talk about it in every area and they attribute the horrors to wolf and lion alike. I think Martin was very clear on this and does not make exclusions for either side. Now, here me out- if you were to plop me down in Westeros and describe for me â<U+0080><U+009C>THISâ<U+0080><U+009D> example of an atrocity and have me wager who committed it, I would probably guess â<U+0080><U+009C>Lannsiterâ<U+0080><U+009D> more times than not.  And that has to do with a multitude of factors.  First, Robb IS a nicer man than Tywin.  Second, Tywin is the one who is fighting the war in enemy controlled areas and dealing with guerrilla warfare.  Third, Tywin has a more pronounced history of this sort of thing; we have not followed Robb much once he leaves Riverrun, therefore we do not see the war from a LANNISTER POV to guage how bad the war was there.  Fourth, after Robb returns we never see Robb in the field again other than to execute the Karstarks, something he was 100% justified in doing.  But how come when Robb executes people its fine, but when Tywin does its murder?  That, to me, is the nonsequituer.Again, look at the Mountain- the story that Raff/Dunsen/Wees/Poliver (I confuse them) wherein the Mountain pays an inkeep to RAPE that inkeeps daughter is despicable.  Horrible.  Its stomach turning.  And the Mountain is a terrible person for doing it. Again, look at the Boltons and the flaying etc.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s despicable.  Horrible.  Its stomach turning.  And Roose and Reek are horrible people for allowing it. If you allow Ned/Robb off the hook for one, and blame Tywin for the other its really not fair.  Either they are both horrible or both â<U+0080><U+009C>excusably neglectful.â<U+0080><U+009D>
1486	Mulled Wino	2012-04-26	Rockroi, 
Jon's desertion is totaly different from the guy ned executed.  Bad example.  Other than that, no probs.
1487	Nebmai	2012-04-26	Sorry Rockroi, there isn't evidence from the books of Ned setting Roose loose on people the way Tywin set the Mountain loose. 
End. of.  discussion.
1488	Rockroi	2012-04-26	Sorry Rockroi, there isn't evidence from the books of Ned setting Roose loose on people the way Tywin set the Mountain loose.I never claimed he did.  I said that Tywin doing those things was not beyond the pale of that day and age (just so we are clear the Hand's Wife kidnaped Tywin's son and accused him of murder).  I said that Ned was aware (or should have been aware) that Roose Bolton was a terrible person and capable of extreme maliciousness.  Same thing with Tywin v the Mountain.  Tywin DID, absolutely, unleash the Moiuntain on Tully homelands as a result of Catlyn's actions.  Not the nicest thing a person could have done, but a proporational response to such a flagrant disregard of the KIng's peace.
1489	redriver	2012-04-26	Yep I reckon Dance is fantastic as Tywin.Nearly as good as Sean Bean as Ned.
But not enough screen time for an overall judgement.
1490	Nebmai	2012-04-26	I never claimed he did.  I said that Tywin doing those things was not beyond the pale of that day and age (just so we are clear the Hand's Wife kidnaped Tywin's son and accused him of murder).  I said that Ned was aware (or should have been aware) that Roose Bolton was a terrible person and capable of extreme maliciousness.  Same thing with Tywin v the Mountain.  Tywin DID, absolutely, unleash the Moiuntain on Tully homelands as a result of Catlyn's actions.  Not the nicest thing a person could have done, but a proporational response to such a flagrant disregard of the KIng's peace.Tywin unleashed the Mountain to draw Ned out away from the capital into a trap so he could be killed.Ned was aware that Bolton wasn't a good person, Tywin knew the Mountain to be a monster and used him as such; I'm just saying Tywin != Ned.And yeah, the guy playing Tywin has been perfect in every scene; I'm still looking forward to the crossbow incident though, lol.
1491	aimlessgun	2012-04-26	This is what I was trying to get at.  They're going to have to lay it on real thick (which I'm sure they will) to make sure that viewers despise him.  If he comes across as an overly stern and sometimes abusive father it won't be enough to justify his demise (assuming they keep it as it was in the books).Well...do viewers HAVE to utterly despise him? Of course they need to make him a bit blacker, but I don't think they're obligated to make Tyrion out to be a totally flawless hero. If people have doubts as to whether Tyrion's actions are justified, so much the better.
1492	iheartseverus	2012-04-26	Well...do viewers HAVE to utterly despise him? Of course they need to make him a bit blacker, but I don't think they're obligated to make Tyrion out to be a totally flawless hero. If people have doubts as to whether Tyrion's actions are justified, so much the better.For me, I think that the shock to non-book readers of the truly vicious cruelty Tywin did to Tyrion about his teen-aged marriage will have the viewers right there alongside Tyrion and his cross-bow.  Think of all the years Tyrion's lived with it--thinking that once, ever, in his life, someone truly loved him.  Then, finding out she was a paid whore.  Living with that, all these years.  And now finding out that she really was just a sweet girl did love him, and his father had her raped near unto death.  I don't think there's going to be a problem... Whang!
1493	The hairy bear	2012-04-27	My point is that Ned had a good read on the men that served under him and he knew Roose was a bad guy at the Trident at the latest.You keep saying that Ned knew Roose was a bad guy, with the only basis that he suggested to execute a sworn member of the enemy king's personal guard. Just after the heat of the battle, when Barristan had just killed many of their friends in battle. This can't be equated to a man who burned his brother's face, who had crashed Aegon's skull against a wall, who raped and murdered Princes Elia (when she was not to be killed), and who is rumored to have killed her wife.Even if we accepted that Eddard suspected that Roose was "a bad guy" (which I deny. He suspected at the most), then you should still have to prove that he passed this information to Robb. You arew right that ar sixteen Robb was a man grown by Westeros standards. But it's also true that the fact that his father died so early and unexpectedly does not allow as to assume unequivocally that Ned pased to his son all the information about which lords he trusted, and which not.Tywin DID, absolutely, unleash the Moiuntain on Tully homelands as a result of Catlyn's actions. Not the nicest thing a person could have done, but a proporational response to such a flagrant disregard of the KIng's peace.A proportional response? Are we talking seriously here?A proportional response would have been taking one of Catelyn's sons as a hostage. Attacking the armies of the North (Catelyn was acting as a Stark) or the Vale  would be disproportionate, but still somehow understanable. Attacking the armies of the Riverlands already be out of proportion, since Hoster Tully had nothing to do with the arrest, but I still could see how some could defend it.But attacking the peasants of the Riverlands? Withou declaration of war? Under no banners? And you call this "proportional"? Please, even Tywin wouldn't agree with you...
1494	Rockroi	2012-04-27	You keep saying that Ned knew Roose was a bad guy, with the only basis that he suggested to execute a sworn member of the enemy king's personal guard. Just after the heat of the battle, when Barristan had just killed many of their friends in battle. This can't be equated to a man who burned his brother's face, who had crashed Aegon's skull against a wall, who raped and murdered Princes Elia (when she was not to be killed), and who is rumored to have killed her wife.Even if we accepted that Eddard suspected that Roose was "a bad guy" (which I deny. He suspected at the most), then you should still have to prove that he passed this information to Robb. You arew right that ar sixteen Robb was a man grown by Westeros standards. But it's also true that the fact that his father died so early and unexpectedly does not allow as to assume unequivocally that Ned pased to his son all the information about which lords he trusted, and which not.Roose's reputation preceded him.  By the time DwD rolls around its clear that the stories of Roose and Ramsey have been going around the realm for years and its not hard to fathom how these guys got their mutual reps.  By the time Robb gets a hold of Roose he is getting first-hand exposure to Roose and its pretty obvious that Robb suspects pretty heavily that this guy is trouble.  Add to that stories that have been streaming out of the Dredfort for, literally, generations, and you can figure out how upsetting this could all be.Again, though, I don't think it makes Ned and Robb bad people; it makes them effective leaders.  Warfare takes monsters- sometimes they are ragons, sometimes they are Vipers and Mountains.  But they get the job done.A proportional response would have been taking one of Catelyn's sons as a hostage. Attacking the armies of the North (Catelyn was acting as a Stark) or the Vale would be disproportionate, but still somehow understanable. Attacking the armies of the Riverlands already be out of proportion, since Hoster Tully had nothing to do with the arrest, but I still could see how some could defend it.All utterly unrealistic and physically impossible.  In order for Tywin to get North he would need to cut through Tully -controlled lands.  He would then have to get up Moat Cailen etc.  By tthat time Tyrion could be dead.  Hmmm... not a good idea.  He could have done the same thing by trying to besioege the Eerie, but again, he would havd to cut through Tully lands.  Now, the last thing Tywin could have done (and its pretty silly to even consider it but its worth explring) would have been to make a B-Line for King's Landing and demand Tyrion's release from the King... except it would be the Hand who made the decision... Cat's husband... so, that's perposterous right there (consider if the rolls had been reveresed; what if Tywin had kidnapped Robb for some crime and Jaime sat as Robert's Hand- would it be reasonable for Ned to seek out Jaime to free Robb?  Hardly).  Also, if Cat really wanted to have done this correctly she would have returned to KL and demanded the Imp be arrested; again, perposterous: Robert's Wife is Tyrion's brother.I bring this up to illustrate something pretty profound: Cat did not wait around to do things "By the Book" and because some guy she had not seen in 15 years lied to her and told her that her son was almost murdered by a dwarf she went and acted rashly (funny- when Joff acts rashly he's a monster; when Cat does it its because she loves her son.  Amazing).  But that's cool (because *sniff* she loved her son! *sniff*).  What are Tywin's options?  They all suck.  So, he took the least terrible (from his POV- fuck everyone else's POV) and began tearing up the Riverlands.  The Riverlands hjave lords to protect them; they all suck so that ended that.  Ned then sent men to get the Mountain (so in other words, Ned "escallated hostilities") but, of course, did not order the return of Cat or Tyrion to the King's Justice.... wonder why?  Beause he took the least terrible option... from his POV and fuck everyone else's POV!Again, its injustice so long as somebody else does it.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 27 April 2012 - 09:21 AM.
1495	David Selig	2012-04-27	Now, the last thing Tywin could have done (and its pretty silly to even consider it but its worth explring) would have been to make a B-Line for King's Landing and demand Tyrion's release from the King... except it would be the Hand who made the decision... Cat's husband... so, that's perposterous right thereWhy would be silly? It would be the King (who was married to a Lannister and owed 3 mln. golden dragons to Tywin) who makes the decision, not the Hand - this is how it happened in the books after all, except it was Cersei who demanded it instead of Tywin. And it worked." You will command her to release the dwarf at once, and you will make your peace with Jaime.â<U+0080><U+009D>Again, its injustice so long as somebody else does it.No, it's injustice in any case. You keep building all those strawmen how people would be totally OK if the Starks had done the same even though nobody has said it.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 27 April 2012 - 09:36 AM.
1496	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	It's got nothing to do with a proportionate response- by kidnapping one then the other of Tywin's sons, the Starks and Tullys declared war on the Lannisters and any actions are acts of war. Not that the acts would necessarily be seen as ethical in war even in Medieval times (though I think Tywin's tactics are pretty standard ones for that era), but war doesn't work in a "you attacked this town so I'll attack yours, an eye for an eye..." approach. It's both sides all out trying to defeat each other doing whatever they think is necessary and acceptable. There is no such thing as a proportional response unless Tywin didn't want to go to war for whatever reason, but it is perfectly justifiable from a noble's point of view to go to war when another House steals your heir
1497	Rockroi	2012-04-27	this is how it happened in the books after all, except it was Cersei who demanded it instead of Tywin. And it worked." You will command her to release the dwarf at once, and you will make your peace with Jaime.â<U+0080><U+009D>Except, of course, that Ned did neither.  Seems relevant. And solid point SerArthurHeath.
1498	7V3N	2012-04-27	It's got nothing to do with a proportionate response- by kidnapping one then the other of Tywin's sons, the Starks and Tullys declared war on the Lannisters and any actions are acts of war. Not that the acts would necessarily be seen as ethical in war even in Medieval times (though I think Tywin's tactics are pretty standard ones for that era), but war doesn't work in a "you attacked this town so I'll attack yours, an eye for an eye..." approach. It's both sides all out trying to defeat each other doing whatever they think is necessary and acceptable. There is no such thing as a proportional response unless Tywin didn't want to go to war for whatever reason, but it is perfectly justifiable from a noble's point of view to go to war when another House steals your heirJaime was captured during the war. Tyrion was before. When Robb called his banners, he declared himself a rebel to the Iron Throne. The Whispering Wood was clearly during the war.
1499	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Doesn't that just strengthen my point? Now his actions are against an attainted traitor and rebel and national enemy.
1500	7V3N	2012-04-27	Doesn't that just strengthen my point? Now his actions are against an attainted traitor and rebel and national enemy.My point is that the war was already going on when Jaime captured. It was in battle..Otherwise I do not disagree. Cat was an idiot for taking Tyrion. And even dumber for taking him away from KL. Tywin was right to be ready for war, but he should have gone to Robert. He was King--a horrible one, I know but a king nonetheless--and was the one to resolve conflicts between major Houses, just like high lords handle squabbles of minor lords. Instead, they both decided it was war. Cat took Tyrion, Jaime attacked Ned, Gregor ravaged the Riverlands, the Lannisters took Ned prisoner, Joff killed Ned and ended all hopes of peace, Robb called his banners. You could call any of these the start of the war, but really it was because of the lords deciding to go to war and not going to Robert when this conflict began and Robert for being a shitty king.
1501	Fylimar	2012-04-28	I agree, that it would have been better, to go to court and bring the case before Robert, but I can somewhat understand, why Tywin wouldn't do that: Most likely, it wouldn'T have been Robert, he would be adressing, but the hand, who is the husband of the lady, who abducted his son. And the best friend of the king - Tywin could very well have ended in a black cell, before he could say 'lion'. But the lack to be willing to sit down and talk about problems is a general problem in Westeros, it seems.
Rockroi: very nice arguments about Tywin /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> - and the Boltons.
As for Charles Dance: He is one of my favorite actors for years now (since that wonderful 'Phantom of the Opera' movie ) and he is the perfect Tywin.  And I'm very pleased, that he is mentioned in the credits at the beginning now, makes me hope for a lot of more scenes.
					
					
							Edited by Fylimar, 28 April 2012 - 04:35 AM.
1502	7V3N	2012-04-28	I agree, that it would have been better, to go to court and bring the case before Robert, but I can somewhat understand, why Tywin wouldn't do that: Most likely, it wouldn'T have been Robert, he would be adressing, but the hand, who is the husband of the lady, who abducted his son. And the best friend of the king - Tywin could very well have ended in a black cell, before he could say 'lion'. But the lack to be willing to sit down and talk about problems is a general problem in Westeros, it seems.Rockroi: very nice arguments about Tywin /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> - and the Boltons.As for Charles Dance: He is one of my favorite actors for years now (since that wonderful 'Phantom of the Opera' movie ) and he is the perfect Tywin.  And I'm very pleased, that he is mentioned in the credits at the beginning now, makes me hope for a lot of more scenes.I doubt that. Robert would have stepped in between two of the most politically powerful houses. Probably not efficiently, but he would have stepped in if they were both right there in KL. I think he would have made Ned return Tyrion since there was no true evidence and Robert just wanted every problem dissolved on arrival. Probably, Ned would have to return Tyrion, and Tywin would go back to the West. (This is all before the Jaime-Ned incident and Gregor in the Riverlands).
1503	Rockroi	2012-04-29	I doubt that. Robert would have stepped in between two of the most politically powerful houses. Probably not efficiently, but he would have stepped in if they were both right there in KL. I think he would have made Ned return Tyrion since there was no true evidence and Robert just wanted every problem dissolved on arrival. Probably, Ned would have to return Tyrion, and Tywin would go back to the West. (This is all before the Jaime-Ned incident and Gregor in the Riverlands).Robert didn't even step in between Joff and Arya. I think Tywin acted the way he did because (well, first because he's a brutal person) he knew that Robert would not act.  Hence, that why Tywin did not go to KL to demand Tyrion be freed- because Robert would not have acted.  The corrollary to that is that while Robert would not act, Eddard Stark might.  Thats what makes all of that troublesome.  I think Tywin took what he thought to be the most effective action and not to goad the Riverlands into war but to put pressure on Cat to return Tyrion.  Going to KL? Meh....Had Tywin gone to KL he has a "best-case scenario" and that is Cat returns Tyrion to KL.... for trial (Cat is not just going to release Tyrion).  Robert would not say no to Ned AND Cat (and half the realm). At that point Tywin has to endure a trial and that may not go as well as you think- what if, as far as Tywin knows, Tyrion DID try to kill Bran to protect Jaime?  That is NOT AT ALL beyond the realm of possibilities.  And this is Tywin's best case scenario.Worst case scenario- Tywin goes down to KL and his tossed into a prison cell as a co-conspiritor (remember- Tywin has NO IDEA what the fuck is going on in KL sicne Ned took over as Hand); is that any more far-fetched than the Hand's wife kidnapping a son of the Rock?  So, basically his authority is done. But there is an intermediate scenario: what of Tywin is soimply ignored and nobody does anything?  This, by the way seems the most likley response.  Tywin would demand Tyrion's release; Ned would send a raven to the Eerie and, predictablky get no response.  He would send another .... and another.  Eventually he would send an envoy to the Eerie.  Maybe at this point Tyrion is dead; who knows?  It drags on and on.  At this point Tywin cannot just sit in KL, but he also cannot leave looking beaten and, in doing so remove the pressure from Robert.  Would Cat ever come?  And if she did, what then?  The whole realm knows that Tywin Lannister has "lost his fast ball" and lets greiving women kidnap his sons....See, Cat screwed the pooch here.  Put that aside and you ahve to ask "What will it take to unravel this mess?"  And Tywin had no reason to believe that going to Robert (and his buddy Ned Stark) would mitigate his problem. Now, attacking innoccent peasants and their fledgling (and incompetent) lords is not a nice thing to do.  Howevere, it was effective.
1504	lyvyathan	2012-04-29	If liking Tywin Lannister is wrong then I don't want to be right.Rooting for Tywin Lannister is like rooting for Goliath to defeat David or for the House to win at Blackjack.  Its shallow, its easy and its completely fucking awesome.Tywin Lannister was the only thing that is holding this realm together right now
	Spoiler  and when Tyrion gets all bitchy at the end of book 3 that theroy becomes a stark, raving reality. 
Tywin is commanding, deeply effective; strong, smart (as Dan says in Deadwood about Al Swearengen, "No, Johnny, Al's really fucking smart."), calculating, cold and intollerant of incompetence.  What does that sound like to you?  Oh, that's right, it sounds like somebody capable of winning a war, keeping a peace and ruling a kingdom.  In other words, Tywin Lannister is every enemies worst nightmare and every allies darkest wish.  You hate him as an enemy and desire him as a friend.  Ask all the winners what its like to treat with Tywin Lannister
	Spoiler  In other words ask -as of the end of Book 5 -the Warden of the North Roose Bolton and the Lord of the Riverlands, Walder Frey what its like to make common cause with Tywin Lannister.  Then ask the current Hand of the Seven Kingdoms Mace Tyrell and the current Lord of Ships Paxter Redwyne what its like to go over to Tywin.  And when you are done doing that ask EVERY SINGLE PERSON who made common cause with Robb Stark what its like following a man that cannot keep his word.  How'd that work out for them?" 
That's the key here- from Robert Baratheon all the way to the series with Arya Stark, ask all of them what its like to work and live with Tywin Lannister.  He's mean (boo).  He's cruel (Whaa! Whaa!...) and he says bad things about his kids (cry.me.a.river.).  And he's possibly the most capable leader in the books/series.Dance is terriffic because he bring sthat reality to life in words and actions.  He's Tywin made flesh.  And when you see all that come together, in the immortal words of Colonel Jessup, "And (his) existence, while grotesque and incomprehensible to you, saves lives. You don't want the truth because deep down in places you don't talk about at parties, you want (him) on that wall, you need (him) on that wall."And finally: "Because you need me, (Westeroes). Your guilty conscience may force you to vote (Stark), but deep down, you secretly long for a cold-hearted (Lannister) to lower taxes, brutalize criminals and rule you like a king. "That's why you love Tywin Lannister.  Because you know he's right.He reminds me of MacBeth in a way - a person tormented by his own demons. Tywin apparently wasn't such a hard ass - he changed when his beloved wife died giving birth to Tyrion.
1505	7V3N	2012-04-29	snipYou say "this will happen," but all of that is nonsense. Tywin would not be put in a black cell. No way in any of the seven hells. Tywin committed no crimes and the realm was in his pocket. Saying Robert did not step in between Arya and Joff's fight is completely different from two major Houses about to go to war. Worst case scenario in Arya-Joff: direwolf dies, Joff gets away with it. Worst case scenario in a Stark-Lannister war: the whole realm is divided and the war destroys basically all hope of surviving through a long winter. If Tywin said to Robert "I demand Tyrion be released! There is no evidence that he did anything wrong and this is injustic!" then Robert would certainly act in Tywin's favor. Robert was kept in the dark about the feud by Ned. Ned would then have to return Tyrion, or defy Robert and risk some real consequences. Maybe not from Robert but certainly from Tywin. Tywin could then return to the West and gather his army for war. Going to Robert first would not have hurt Tywin, besides delaying him a few days so he would start the war at the same time as the Starks, not before.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 29 April 2012 - 01:24 PM.
1506	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-29	I have a very low opinion of Robert, so this is biased by its very nature, but I find it difficult to believe that Robert would do anything for either side ever. Outside of one on one battle he appears, to me, to be a spineless coward completely out if his depth. Even Ned doubts that Robert will do anything after spending a while with him. Appealing to Robert would be a waste of time to both parties and I think that is clear to everyone in universe.
1507	7V3N	2012-04-29	I have a very low opinion of Robert, so this is biased by its very nature, but I find it difficult to believe that Robert would do anything for either side ever. Outside of one on one battle he appears, to me, to be a spineless coward completely out if his depth. Even Ned doubts that Robert will do anything after spending a while with him. Appealing to Robert would be a waste of time to both parties and I think that is clear to everyone in universe.Regardless of what we all think Robert would actually do, Tywin should have contacted him nonetheless. I do not think it is ever a good idea to leave an accepted king out of conflicts between major houses, especially when they could lead to civil war.To me, Robert just was lazy. He wanted to have nothing to do. So with a conflict looming, he'd want none of it. He'd force peace, even if it is false. He did not want to have to really deal with it, so he would have the families put on a show of peace. Again, a timebomb set to go off with his death. But this would work much better for Tywin's PR since he could claim his son was taken captive without cause and that Ned was the one defying the laws of the king.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 29 April 2012 - 06:52 PM.
1508	mcb	2012-04-30	Look, being a good ruler and being a swell guy are different things.Tywin is not a guy you would want as a father.  Fair point.Tywin is a guy you would want as your lord.  Better point.No, Tywin is a guy you would want as your lord. I certainly wouldn't, unless it was a choice between him and Roose Bolton. Remember Tysha?Tywin is a guy you would never want as an enemy.  Ultimate point.Well, that solves it once and for all. Although the list of characters in ASoIAF with the same characteristics is quite long: I certainly would not want Tywin as my enemy, nor Gregor, nor Joffrey, nor Cersei, nor Ramsay, nor Victarion, nor Vargo Hoat, nor Walder Frey, not even that rodent Slynt... Does not mean they're not douchebags. Does not mean they deserve any respect. Just means they can be dangerous.Ah, sorry, you wrote "ultimate point". That certainly changes everything and wins a discussion.
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 30 April 2012 - 11:14 AM.
1509	Rockroi	2012-04-30	No, Tywin is a guy you would want as your lord. I certainly wouldn't, unless it was a choice between him and Roose Bolton. Remember Tysha?Oh I know you would not want Tywin and I fully understand why.  You want somebody like Ned ... unless you are Fat Tom and he delivers you into the hands of your enemies.  That's my point- Tywin knows what he is doing and will do it to everyone to maintain his station.  And if he is my lord then his desire to remain "top dog" will bvenefit me.  He is also fair and does not need to make anyone happy (free from corrupting influences).  That's how I want my lord to be; I don't want him investigating issues that won't make my life better; I don't want him saying stupid things like, "I will do as honor dictates" (honor gets some dumb-asses killed).  I don't want him pissing off more powerful lords and then getting killed; I don't want him getting drunk and getting goared by a boar or killed by a shadow.  I don't want my lord sending troops to DEFEND every part of the Riverlands, thus guarenteeing that the Riverlands get the shit kicked out of the.  I don't want my lord saying, "Of course I will marry your daughter" and then saying "By the way, I married this other woman because I love her... but we're cvool right?"  And then I RCERTAINLy do not want that lord GOING TO DINER with those same people! I want my lord to be a ruthless SOB who I can understand and sserve so that my interests align with his; I want a lord that always thinks, "How can I get more" because that menas our Kingdom is getting more; I want a lord who will fuck other people's shit up so they will not fuck my shit up.  I want my lord to be ruthless by stable; hard but fair; I want him terrible in war time but decent in peace.  In other words, I want Tywin/Stannis/Dany as my lord, not Edmure/Robb/Ned. Oh, and I don't want Roose Bolton or Ramsey as my lord.  Ever.  On that we agree.
1510	mcb	2012-05-01	Oh I know you would not want Tywin and I fully understand why.  You want somebody like Ned ... unless you are Fat Tom and he delivers you into the hands of your enemies.  That's my point- Tywin knows what he is doing and will do it to everyone to maintain his station.  And if he is my lord then his desire to remain "top dog" will bvenefit me.  Again: how his ruthlessness, which you respect so much, did benefit Tysha, precisely? Because I'm pretty sure she'd be better off, had she been born in lands of a different lord. Any lord, save for Bolton.And belittle Ned how much you want, at least he hasn't gotten shot in the crapper. By the hand of his own son, no less. I call it epic fail for a feudal lord and pater familias. Everyone can get killed by his enemies, but only a very special man will perish by the hand of his own son.
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 01 May 2012 - 07:27 AM.
1511	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-05-02	He reminds me of MacBeth in a way - a person tormented by his own demons. Tywin apparently wasn't such a hard ass - he changed when his beloved wife died giving birth to Tyrion.Theon is Macbeth, not Tywin.
1512	Roose Boltons Pet Leech	2012-05-02	Oh, and I don't want Roose Bolton or Ramsey as my lord.  Ever.  On that we agree.Don't lump Roose in with Ramsay. Ramsay is genuine nutty psychopath. Roose is socially midway between Tywin and Littlefinger, and acts accordingly (unlike Tywin he has to play second fiddle and can't throw his weight around in every situation, but unlike Littlefinger he does actually have a lordship to run, and can't afford to unleash mindless chaos). Also, considering that Roose was actually they guy who killed Robb, he's managed to keep the Boltons under the radar very nicely.
1513	mcb	2012-05-02	Don't lump Roose in with Ramsay. Ramsay is genuine nutty psychopath. Roose is socially midway between Tywin and Littlefinger, and acts accordingly (unlike Tywin he has to play second fiddle and can't throw his weight around in every situation, but unlike Littlefinger he does actually have a lordship to run, and can't afford to unleash mindless chaos). Also, considering that Roose was actually they guy who killed Robb, he's managed to keep the Boltons under the radar very nicely.Of course they're different characters. Yet, from the smallfolk's POV, it really sucks to catch the attention of either of them. Ramsay has his "hunts" and other entertainment, and Roose raped a woman and had her husband's tongue cut off to prevent him from "telling stories to Lord Eddard".
1514	David Selig	2012-05-02	Oh I know you would not want Tywin and I fully understand why.  You want somebody like Ned ... unless you are Fat Tom and he delivers you into the hands of your enemies.  That's my point- Tywin knows what he is doing and will do it to everyone to maintain his station.  And if he is my lord then his desire to remain "top dog" will bvenefit me.  He is also fair and does not need to make anyone happy (free from corrupting influences).  That's how I want my lord to be; I don't want him investigating issues that won't make my life better; I don't want him saying stupid things like, "I will do as honor dictates" (honor gets some dumb-asses killed).  I don't want him pissing off more powerful lords and then getting killed; I don't want him getting drunk and getting goared by a boar or killed by a shadow.  I don't want my lord sending troops to DEFEND every part of the Riverlands, thus guarenteeing that the Riverlands get the shit kicked out of the.  I don't want my lord saying, "Of course I will marry your daughter" and then saying "By the way, I married this other woman because I love her... but we're cvool right?"  And then I RCERTAINLy do not want that lord GOING TO DINER with those same people!I want my lord to be a ruthless SOB who I can understand and sserve so that my interests align with his; I want a lord that always thinks, "How can I get more" because that menas our Kingdom is getting more; I want a lord who will fuck other people's shit up so they will not fuck my shit up.  I want my lord to be ruthless by stable; hard but fair; I want him terrible in war time but decent in peace.  In other words, I want Tywin/Stannis/Dany as my lord, not Edmure/Robb/Ned.Oh, and I don't want Roose Bolton or Ramsey as my lord.  Ever.  On that we agree. Tywin wasn't fair at all. Does the way he treated Tysha strike as "fair"? What about Masha Heddle who was hanged because Tyrion was captured in her inn even though she couldn't do anything against dozens of armed men? What exactly did he do to prove himself as fair? His desire to make his House more powerful and his pride made him start a war he had very little hope of winning, in fact he only won thanks to extreme luck - shadowbaby, Balon's idiocy, Robb's stupid marriage, eEven so, many thousands of his subjects, just so Tywin can satisfy his pride and make his House stronger. How does that benefit those who live there? Not to mention that even more of them will starve because the men were missing for a long time and couldn't collect some harvests, and Robb's forced foraged and burn a lot of their supplies. But hey, at least they won the war, right, that is a big consolation when you are dying of hunger because your Lord was an arrogant and selfish SOB.I don't want him getting drunk and getting goared by a boar or killed by a shadow.The way Tywin died was equally stupid as Robert's, if not more. At least Robert had his wine made much stronger than usual which tricked him. Tywin provoked a man with a crossbow who he knew hated him and who had just told him he'd kill him if he provoked him this way. Tywin easily beats everyone in this series when it comes to causing his death due to his own stupidity, only Quentyn is in the same league.
1515	Rockroi	2012-05-02	Tywin wasn't fair at all. Does the way he treated Tysha strike as "fair"?Not really, but overall, Tywin is fair with the people who are loyal to him.  And how do I avoid Tasha's fate?  Don't fuck Tyrion.  GOT IT!  I think I can manage that.  I think most lords can manage that. What about Masha Heddle who was hanged because Tyrion was captured in her inn even though she couldn't do anything against dozens of armed men? What exactly did he do to prove himself as fair?Sorry, that's that day and age.  Tyrion was kidnapped under that woman's roof.  Did she raise a ruckus or demand proof of such a crime under her roof?  Did she say something like, "This man is a guest under my roof and therefore he is protected by my hospitality (... hmmm.. that ... that sounds strangely familiar.  But hey- guest rights only matter when they protect the cool characters .... )?"  No.  She said "Everyone get out and just don't kill him here" (paraphrase).  She could have alerted the authorities or call upon this madness to stop, but instead she just let it happen.  Under her roof.  Sorry, you better have a better excuse than "I'm just a poor innkeep... "His desire to make his House more powerful and his pride made him start a war he had very little hope of winning,I agree with this because Robb Stark should have realized from the outset that he had no hope of winning that war... wait, I mean... Stannis should have realized that he had no hope of defeating Renly and ... wait... I mean Robert Baratheon should have realized he had no hope of defeating a 300 year dynasty...Wait, what were you talking about again?  Who didn't have any chance of winning that war again?  Tywin?  You mena the guy who ended up winning the war had no hope of winning the war?  That's your argument?  Good luck with that. in fact he only won thanks to extreme luck - shadowbaby, Balon's idiocy, Robb's stupid marriage,He won for many reasons, but luck had nothing to do with it.  Tywin had goals in front of him and made decisions based upon the information he had; he made the most of every opportunity; he committed no grave errors; he unerstood his enemy and pounced when that enemy made a mistake. Even so, many thousands of his subjects, just so Tywin can satisfy his pride and make his House stronger. How does that benefit those who live there?This is my entire argument: if Tywin is better off then as a subject of his I am better off.  If the Lannisters are more powerful, better off etc then I partially reap those benefits.  Some lords who shall remain Ned Stark do outrageously dumb things like lead his men directly to the queen - the same queen Ned Stark just told his plan to (resulting in my death); some lords say that they will marry THIS daughter and then marry a completely different person (resulting in my death); some lords make elaborate plans that take 15 years and result in their son getting roasted by a dragon; some lords are fucking crazy and get killed by their own Kingsguard. Yeah, I don't like those guys. They get guys like Fat Tom and Junior Manderly and Littlejon and Jory and Prince Lewyn and Rhaegar killed because they act like idiots when it matters most. Look, take Tywin's blind spot- his children.  If I am a lord of Tywin Lannister the fact that he is killed by Tyrion on a privy is not a huge deal to me.  Yeah it sucks that such a great man was killed in a useless, empty gesture by his disenfranchised son in a bout of semi-psychotic rage simmering for like 20+ years... but hey- at least I'm still alive!  Tywin's actions lead to his death like 20+ years AFTER THE FACT!  That's not something that's likely to kill anyone (I know, I know he shat when he died, its hilariously ironic... not really but whatever); but the others?  They all died in VERY PREDICTABLE FASHION!  And worse- their deaths were in a manner that ultimately lead to the deaths of many of their men - who all died in "service" of their lord.  Nobody died in service of Tywin Lannister because of Tyrion. Not to mention that even more of them will starve because the men were missing for a long time and couldn't collect some harvests, and Robb's forced foraged and burn a lot of their supplies.So, wait... by some people's logic doesn't that make RObb a war criminal?  I thought that was the complaint againt Tywin?  But now its a good thing for Robb?  Now my head just hurts because I cannot keep these stories straight.  And again- just like Tywin said in the 205 episode "Its war- its not pleasant for anyone!"  How can Robb's actions be laid on Tywin's feet?  And if Tywin's men are starving because of the war, etc- SO ARE ROBB'S!  By that (il)logic, Robb is just as at fault.But hey, at least they won the war, right, that is a big consolation when you are dying of hunger because your Lord was an arrogant and selfish SOB.I agree.  By that logic the following people are "arrogant and selfish SOBs"Robb StarkTywin LannisterNed StarkRobert BaratheonStannis BaratheonRenly BaratheonDany TargaryehAerys TargaryenArya Stark (she killed that Stable boy... bad Arya!  BAD!)See my point?  If its bad for one, its bad for all.
1516	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	Watching that scene again, I can't get over how good Dance is as Tywin. Such a sheer badass... Close second to Nikolaj for me.I feel they're making most of the Lannisters a little more likeable (Jaime aside, though that changes on its own); Cersei is much less of a bitch, Tyrion's own shortcomings aren't really prevalent yet, and Tywin's big entry into S2 is a scene that good -- saving two major characters from torture and walking all over his pet monsters.Joff, on the other hand...Joff is suppose to be unmitigatingly bad. A bit like Ramsay. His tragedy is that he's been spoilt ever since he was a young kid, spoon fed plenty of BS by his mother, and now he's become king and exaults in the almighty power he has. He wants to piss people off because he can. Which sort of heralds the spotlight on his final destiny.
1517	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	And that was may point the whole time.  If you want to say Tywin is an asshole for what he did to Tysha (ugh... lame) than I have no problem with that.  At all.  BUt you seem to have a very real problem in acceotuing that during war these men must act in these ways.  And sometimes, in "peace" to.I hear what you're saying and agree with parts of it. But somehow I can't imagine Ned Stark doing something similar to a peasant girl like what Tywin did to Tysha.Maybe Tysha was a once off you could say.
1518	mcb	2012-05-02	Sorry, that's that day and age.  Tyrion was kidnapped under that woman's roof.  Did she raise a ruckus or demand proof of such a crime under her roof?  Did she say something like, "This man is a guest under my roof and therefore he is protected by my hospitality (... hmmm.. that ... that sounds strangely familiar.  But hey- guest rights only matter when they protect the cool characters .... )?"  No.  She said "Everyone get out and just don't kill him here" (paraphrase).  She could have alerted the authorities or call upon this madness to stop,True. How fucking difficult it is to just pick up the phone and call the cops? They'd certainly get there on time.Some lords who shall remain Ned Stark do outrageously dumb things like lead his men directly to the queen - the same queen Ned Stark just told his plan to (resulting in my death);Interesting argument. Yes, Ned and Robb are responsible for some major blunders that cost a lot of lives. I don't know if the fact that Littlefinger managed to murder Fat Tom and his men is really a stain on Ned's reputation, but true, they are still dead.OTOH, Tywin, this ridiculous excuse for a lord and father, is at least partially responsible for the entire civil war. If it wasn't for his blindness and ineptitude, Cersei would have never had given birth to Jaime's children and there would be no casus belli in the first place. A model example of "penny smart, but dollar Tywin".
					
					
							Edited by mcb, 02 May 2012 - 07:59 PM.
1519	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	You think that if Robb or Ned knew of the torture going on at the Dreadfort, he would have allowed it? Really? Robb is creeped out by Roose when he's around him. He does keep him around because he needs him to lead soldiers, but he doesn't let him get away with atrocities if he has the power to stop them. Both Ned and Robb make active efforts to stop atrocities from happening whenever they can. Tywin, on the other hand, not only encourages them, but he lets Gregor get away with tons of crimes (even before the war, mind you) because Gregor is convenient to him. On the flipside, if Ned learns of atrocities or severe crimes being committed by his bannermen, guess what he does? He goes himself to arrest them. Ser Jorah, anyone? Jorah was lucky enough to escape before Ned made it to Bear Island, but it goes to show that Ned wouldn't let a slaver get away with his crimes. If you think for a second that he'd close his eyes on the atrocities at the Dreadfort if he had known of them, you're deluding yourself. (Not to mention that Ned would have never done something like Tywin did to Tysha to "punish" his son.)That is true. Robb also executed Karstark because of his involvement in the murder of prisoners of war. Having said that - he should also have done more to his mother for her involvement in the escape (unauhthorized release) of Jamie Lannister.So Robb - esp Ned - would have tolerated Bolton's tortuous hobby.
1520	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	I think Ned allowed quite a bit.  For starters, the legends and rumors surrounding Roose and Ramsey are no less horrid than the ones surrounding Gregor.  I think Ned knew or should have known and also knew that the North respected stuff like that.  I mean if your argument is that Ned was, by-in-large, a simpleton who needed stuff drilled into his head before he knew what was going on, you get no argument from me.  My point is that Ned had a good read on the men that served under him and he knew Roose was a bad guy at the Trident at the latest.Well, we don't know about that. We do know that Ned found out about Jormont's slave trading and went out to catch him for that and would have probably executed him if he had been caught. So I dare say that we have a precedent there.There may have been wink wink hint hint stuff about men/women being flayed by Bolton and his awful son - but without sufficient evidence it would have been hard for Ned to do anything about it. He very well couldn't execute him on a rumor. And it looks that Bolton and Ramsay would have made very sure that there would be no witnesses to testify against them.IIRC Winterfell did find out about Ramsay's kidnap of an heiress and sent Roderick out to execute him for that.Not really.  Robb is pretty silent on atrocities; we know his plan in the West was to raise havoc so I am not sure how thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s not an atrocity (given your lax definition).  And we never see Ned command troops in battle or on campaign.  I think its safe to say that Ned and Robb are good people, but in war that changes and mortifies. I think Robb especially was going to make the West bleed.	Karstark. He executed Karstark for the murder of the POWs when he very well could have given him a pardon like he did his mother.Again, look at the Boltons and the flaying etc.  Thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s despicable.  Horrible.  Its stomach turning.  And Roose and Reek are horrible people for allowing it.If you allow Ned/Robb off the hook for one, and blame Tywin for the other its really not fair.  Either they are both horrible or both â<U+0080><U+009C>excusably neglectful.â<U+0080><U+009D>I agree with some of the things you said - but on the other hand - Robb had no firm evidence of Roose and (esp, Reek's) atrocities. So he couldn't move against them. He was afterall in a war and he very well couldn't dismiss a capable commander because of heresay.Having said that - it would have been clear that Robb's armies probably caused a great deal of hardship on the populace. But that's the nature of war, during WW1, Britain blockaded Germany which caused their civilian population to suffer - Germany retailiated by unrestricted warfare which sank civilian ships like the Lusitania.To quote Patrick O'Brien, sometimes in life you have to take the lesser of two weevils. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by lyvyathan, 02 May 2012 - 08:29 PM.
1521	lyvyathan	2012-05-02	I agree, that it would have been better, to go to court and bring the case before Robert, but I can somewhat understand, why Tywin wouldn't do that: Most likely, it wouldn'T have been Robert, he would be adressing, but the hand, who is the husband of the lady, who abducted his son. And the best friend of the king - Tywin could very well have ended in a black cell, before he could say 'lion'. But the lack to be willing to sit down and talk about problems is a general problem in Westeros, it seems.Rockroi: very nice arguments about Tywin /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> - and the Boltons.As for Charles Dance: He is one of my favorite actors for years now (since that wonderful 'Phantom of the Opera' movie ) and he is the perfect Tywin.  And I'm very pleased, that he is mentioned in the credits at the beginning now, makes me hope for a lot of more scenes.Tywin didn't need to go himself - he could have sent Cersei or Jamie to ask a big "WTF?" with Robert and Ned.Everyone knew that Ned was an honorable man and he would have to abide by the law even if it went against him.Having Tyrion unjustifiably kidnapped ( or arrested under faux orders by Ned Stark) would have also strengthen the hand of Tywin at court. He could have easily pointed out to Robert that the Starks were unfit to be Hands of the King - and even bring out Ned's refusal to order the assasination of "that Targaryen girl" - something that Robert knew Tywin would have passed without thinking twice.So a cleverer wiser man would have adopted the soft touch to that particular situation. It would have worked much better for the Lannisters - rather than their petulant fit of rage. And goodness we all know how much he hated Tyrion. Lose a pawn capture the King.I'm actually can understand Tywin's justifcation for marching on the Riverlands as a "Soviet" response to Catelyn's kidnap of Tyrion - he wanted to make a political statement, "Don't mess with us. Fear us. And for good measure hear us roar."But having said that Tywin would probably admit that he was escalating the issue and tension. And when you escalate you never know what exactly the outcome might lead too - hence I see that his arrogance blinded him to the possibility of things going against him.Tywin did have a range of options available to him - a wiser man would have sat down, and checked on whether the Riverlands and the North had even mobilized for war - was Catelyn's actions a rogue (and local) decision. Sending Gregor out to rape and pillage Tully's lands was not the proper response - while it may have instilled fear into the other 6 Kingdoms it could also have driven them to consider whether the Lannisters were getting too powerful - and it certainly would have driven the Tully and Stark closer together.
1522	David Selig	2012-05-03	Robb was a bad and selfish lord too who screwed his subjects to satisfy his own pride. But this doesn't make Tywin a good lord.Sorry, that's that day and age. Tyrion was kidnapped under that woman's roof. Did she raise a ruckus or demand proof of such a crime under her roof? Did she say something like, "This man is a guest under my roof and therefore he is protected by my hospitality (... hmmm.. that ... that sounds strangely familiar. But hey- guest rights only matter when they protect the cool characters .... )?" No. She said "Everyone get out and just don't kill him here" (paraphrase). She could have alerted the authorities or call upon this madness to stop, but instead she just let it happen. Under her roof. Sorry, you better have a better excuse than "I'm just a poor innkeep... " Masha was one woman against dozens of armed men who represent the most powerful lords in the area, she couldn't do anything. What authorities are you talking about - the lords whose men participated in the taking of Tyrion? Lord Hoster, Cat's father? Yeah, that would work... Tywin, as usual, didn't give a damn about fairness.He won for many reasons, but luck had nothing to do with it. Tywin had goals in front of him and made decisions based upon the information he had; he made the most of every opportunity; he committed no grave errors; he unerstood his enemy and pounced when that enemy made a mistake. If not for the shadowbaby, Tywin was doomed. He couldn't even defeat Robb in the field, if he had to fight Renly's 100 000 in addition, he would've been crushed.This is my entire argument: if Tywin is better off then as a subject of his I am better off. If the Lannisters are more powerful, better off etc then I partially reap those benefits.. How? What do you care if Tywin is more powerful if you die in the war he started or starve to death as a result of it? Even if you survive, how does his increased power benefit you?Some lords who shall remain Ned Stark do outrageously dumb things like lead his men directly to the queen - the same queen Ned Stark just told his plan to (resulting in my death); some lords say that they will marry THIS daughter and then marry a completely different person (resulting in my death); some lords make elaborate plans that take 15 years and result in their son getting roasted by a dragon; some lords are fucking crazy and get killed by their own Kingsguard.Yeah, I don't like those guys. They get guys like Fat Tom and Junior Manderly and Littlejon and Jory and Prince Lewyn and Rhaegar killed because they act like idiots when it matters most Wait...you don't like Ned because 50 of his men died because of his actions, but many thousands of his men died in a war Tywin started and that makes him an awesome lord for you? That's a strange logic...Look, take Tywin's blind spot- his children. If I am a lord of Tywin Lannister the fact that he is killed by Tyrion on a privy is not a huge deal to me. Yeah it sucks that such a great man was killed in a useless, empty gesture by his disenfranchised son in a bout of semi-psychotic rage simmering for like 20+ years... but hey- at least I'm still alive! Tywin's actions lead to his death like 20+ years AFTER THE FACT! That's not something that's likely to kill anyone (I know, I know he shat when he died, its hilariously ironic... not really but whatever); but the others? They all died in VERY PREDICTABLE FASHION! And worse- their deaths were in a manner that ultimately lead to the deaths of many of their men - who all died in "service" of their lord. Nobody died in service of Tywin Lannister because of Tyrion.Tywin started a massive war because of Tyrion, many thousands died in it. And if we talking about deaths caused by Tyrion's murder of Tywin, I can safely predict there would be many of those thanks to Cersei's incompetence as a ruler.
1523	Rockroi	2012-05-03	Karstark. He executed Karstark for the murder of the POWs when he very well could have given him a pardon like he did his mother.While this is true, Robb really had to execute the Karstarks.  The Karstarks blatantly disobeyed Robb's direct order; he could not just let that go unpunished.  While he did "pardon" Cat, he really could not have executed his own mother (fuck... even Tywin wouldn't do that... I .... I think).  I think if a lord of Tywin Lannister disobeyed a direct order from Tywin Lannister, those bannermen would be just as dead.  In tyhis regard I think that Robb and Tywin are much alike and I fault neither one for that kind of action.  Its hard and brutal being a lord.  (and in all my criticism of Robb Stark I maintain that killing the Karstarks was a sign of Robb being a good leader).  Robb was a bad and selfish lord too who screwed his subjects to satisfy his own pride. But this doesn't make Tywin a good lord.That's not my point.  My point is that Tywin is a good lord irrespective of how decent or humane he is.  And if I were a bannerman of a household I would want to serev one who had his priorities in order.  And "winning" has to be a huge priority. Masha was one woman against dozens of armed men who represent the most powerful lords in the area, she couldn't do anything. What authorities are you talking about - the lords whose men participated in the taking of Tyrion? Lord Hoster, Cat's father? Yeah, that would work...See what I mean?  Masha allows Tyrion Lannister to be kidnapped in her inn.  At the time of the kidnapping (Tyrion and Cat relay this fact later) although SOME men rose... many stayed seated.  Masha just "didn't want any trouble."  She could have said, "M'lady, this is Tyrion Lannister, a soon of the Rock..." Certainly some of the men in the inn would have put two and two together at that point.  Masha could then have said, "This man is a guest in my inn and therefore is protected by hospitality rights (I love that every single person here COMPLETELY IGNORED this fact... a fact that Tywin and Frey are flayed for later on).  She could have alerted somebody. And who was her lord?  Edmure/Hoster Tully... yeah SEE MY POINT!?  Edmure and Hoster failed mightily in protecting their people!  I cannot have that if I am a bannerman to somebody like Edmure (or a failing Hoster).  I need a lord who will look out for me.  Let me switch this around so you see exactly what I am getting at. Robb beat the tar out of the Crag and other areas of the West.  And what happened to Robb?  Oh, that's right, Tywin made sure that guy was killed.  Edmure et al could not do anything like that for their people. Tywin, as usual, didn't give a damn about fairness.Which so why I would want him as my lord.  This is not hop-scotch or checkers we're playing.  Now, in dealing with his lords and his people Tywin has always ben fair; ruthless and stern maybe but never unfair like Joff or Lysa Arryn.  . If not for the shadowbaby, Tywin was doomed. He couldn't even defeat Robb in the field, if he had to fight Renly's 100 000 in addition, he would've been crushed.You have no idea.  None of us do.  If the Shadowbaby had not come, Renly would probably have defeated Stannis (though Stannis is like a cockroach at this point- he'd survive nuclear winter).  Renly would have still needed to wait for his foot to make it to SE; by the time Renly got that ponderous host moving towards KL Tywin could have taken some actions.  Again, its speculation.  The problem is that you draw these deep conclusions without evidence.  As was said in the show, if numbers decided everything, mathematicians would rule. How? What do you care if Tywin is more powerful if you die in the war he started or starve to death as a result of it? Even if you survive, how does his increased power benefit you?Well, for starters, he didn't start that war, Cat did when she kidnapped Tyrion.  Her source was a man known for trickery whom she had not seen in 15 years.  You restate this point many times, but please do not mistake it- the wife of the Hand (the King's best friend) started the original War.  Of this there can be no doubt.  It was a foolish move made on a whim, without proper foresight or reflection.  Its the textbook definition of why I would NEVER want to be a Stark bannerman (because Starks and their spouses do really crazy things).  Just understand that: by you saying Tywin started the war that does not make it true. And my point is not that by serving X lord or Y lord I am somehow immune to death or starvation; my point is that my odds of survival rise dramatically if I serve a lord who puts winning above all else; my chances rise if I serev a lord who avoids catastrophe, who is just and calculating; who will not do dumb things when it matters most.  Any bannerman to ANY lord can die either from the war or starvation or disease- there are dead wolves all over the place; that does not make Robb Stark a bad lord, per se.  Its how they died that matters. Look at the Green Fork.  FUCK that would have sucked to have been a lord serving Robb at that moment- he sacrificed those men.  But that's not Robb being a bad lord; that's simply trying to fight a war. THAT does not make Robb bad (and it should be noted that Bolton and Glover both survived the battle).  Robb is a bad lord because he went back on his word and lead all his men to doom for his foolishness. Again, I am not discussing absolutes here- I gain no absolute immunity from serving this lord or that prince.  But the odds?  They swing wildly in my favor if I serve somebody like Tywin or Stannis instead of Robb and Edmure.
1524	David Selig	2012-05-03	Well, for starters, he didn't start that war, Cat did when she kidnapped Tyrion. Her source was a man known for trickery whom she had not seen in 15 years. You restate this point many times, but please do not mistake it- the wife of the Hand (the King's best friend) started the original War. Of this there can be no doubt. It was a foolish move made on a whim, without proper foresight or reflection. Its the textbook definition of why I would NEVER want to be a Stark bannerman (because Starks and their spouses do really crazy things). Just understand that: by you saying Tywin started the war that does not make it true.And just because you claim that Tywin didn't start the war, doesn't make it true either. The first military actions of the war were ordered by Tywin and executed by his forces. In my book, this means he started the war. And if we talking about provocations and casus belli, again the Lannisters were those who struck first when Jaime pushed Bran.Jaime and Cersei endangered their whole House with their twincest for years, shouldn't that mean you would not want to be a Lannister bannerman either? Cersei is the current Lady of the Rock and she's committing blunder after blunder...And my point is not that by serving X lord or Y lord I am somehow immune to death or starvation; my point is that my odds of survival rise dramatically if I serve a lord who puts winning above all else; my chances rise if I serev a lord who avoids catastrophe, who is just and calculating; who will not do dumb things when it matters most. Any bannerman to ANY lord can die either from the war or starvation or disease- there are dead wolves all over the place; that does not make Robb Stark a bad lord, per se. Its how they died that matters.As I said many times, many thousands of Tywin's subjects died in a war he didn't need to fight and which he started. So in my book he failed in his responsibility to protect them and that's why his desire to win at all costs and to be the top dog of Westeros was bad for his subjects IMO. I'd much prefer my lord not to be so obsessed with satisfying his selfish pride, winning at all costs and being the top dog if this means less chance of getting me involved in a vicious war.See what I mean? Masha allows Tyrion Lannister to be kidnapped in her inn. At the time of the kidnapping (Tyrion and Cat relay this fact later) although SOME men rose... many stayed seated. Masha just "didn't want any trouble." She could have said, "M'lady, this is Tyrion Lannister, a soon of the Rock..." Certainly some of the men in the inn would have put two and two together at that point. Masha could then have said, "This man is a guest in my inn and therefore is protected by hospitality rights (I love that every single person here COMPLETELY IGNORED this fact... a fact that Tywin and Frey are flayed for later on). She could have alerted somebody.Masha didn't allow anything, she was completely powerless. What was she supposed to do against a dozen armed men and the daughter of her lord? Everybody in the inn knew this was Tyrion Lannister (both Masha and Maryllion called him "Lord Lannister" before Catelyn captured him), yet nobody interfered. And since Tyrion hasn't yet eaten at the inn, guest right doesn't apply.
					
					
							Edited by David Selig, 03 May 2012 - 12:30 PM.
1525	mcb	2012-05-03	Masha didn't allow anything, she was completely powerless. What was she supposed to do against a dozen armed men and the daughter of her lord? Everybody in the inn knew this was Tyrion Lannister (both Masha and Maryllion called him "Lord Lannister" before Catelyn captured him). yet didn't interfere. And since Tyrion hasn't yet eaten at the inn, guest right doesn't apply.Come on. It was her responsibility to introduce Tyrion Lannister as Tyrion Lannister to everyone in the inn, because absolutely no one had a clue about his identity. And it's not like he could say his own name out loud, now could he? And thus no one in the inn knew that the short dude with a lot of gold was Tywin's son.And when Tyrion ordered his escort to stand down, it was clearly Masha's responsibility to countermand this order and conscript more swords in his defense.
1526	7V3N	2012-05-04	Come on. It was her responsibility to introduce Tyrion Lannister as Tyrion Lannister to everyone in the inn, because absolutely no one had a clue about his identity. And it's not like he could say his own name out loud, now could he? And thus no one in the inn knew that the short dude with a lot of gold was Tywin's son.And when Tyrion ordered his escort to stand down, it was clearly Masha's responsibility to countermand this order and conscript more swords in his defense.Umm.... everyone knew that was Tyrion.
1527	Nebmai	2012-05-05	Okay, I have to say its funny watching Rockroi jump through hoops to defend his projections of Tywin.
/flameon
Edit :  I agree Tywin is a great picture of a functional practical "realistic" politician / "Leader" that has been seen often throughout time, but I don't have to grovel at his feet for it.  He's not the Mad King or a Bolton, but he's 100T% self serving and willing to get as evil as he needs to; root for him if you want, those kind of guys win enough IRL I won't root for them here.
					
					
							Edited by Nebmai, 05 May 2012 - 02:38 AM.
1528	mcb	2012-05-05	Umm.... everyone knew that was Tyrion.I must cut down on sarcasm, 'cause apparently I'm not doing it right.
1529	7V3N	2012-05-05	I must cut down on sarcasm, 'cause apparently I'm not doing it right.Haha I suspected it, but I wasn't sure. Sorry 'bout that.
1530	Rockroi	2012-05-06	Okay, I have to say its funny watching Rockroi jump through hoops to defend his projections of Tywin./flameonEdit :  I agree Tywin is a great picture of a functional practical "realistic" politician / "Leader" that has been seen often throughout time, but I don't have to grovel at his feet for it.  He's not the Mad King or a Bolton, but he's 100T% self serving and willing to get as evil as he needs to; root for him if you want, those kind of guys win enough IRL I won't root for them here.So what you are saying is that you ultimately agree with me but like watching me "jump through hoops" to defend Tywin? If you understand what I am saying there is no controversy: Tywin knows what he is doing and if your interests align with his interests you are in good hands.  If they don't well then you're in trouble.
1531	Nebmai	2012-05-07	In a nut shell yes, Tywin is a bit misunderstood and in the messed up GoT / ASoIaF world he's not the worst thing around on two feet; the jump through hoops thing is because reading your posts reminds me of something you'd hear a defense lawyer say, constantly deflecting to get the attention focused on something else; eh idk, it was a bit of a drunk posting incident still I stand by it.
1532	firebird	2012-05-13	wasn't so much a fan in the book...but on the show I'm becoming a fan of his. The actor is superb.
1533	cortchuzska	2012-05-28	My favourite characters are usually cold blooded "competent villains". Lord Tywin is my man.His main flaws are emotional â<U+0080><U+0093> as a consequence of the same cold-bloodedness who makes him so great he can't understand people who are not cold-blooded as he is (Elia â<U+0080><U+0093> she was nothing; not to the Martells, who have been plotting to destroy the Lannisters for twenty years; nor his son Tyrion, who refuses the 'cleaner' solution the Wall and opt for trial by combat, and finally earns Tywin a quarrel in his bowels)Quite interesting to notice how in HBO series they focus on father/son relationship when Tywin is on screen; from his first episode of season one (where Jaime-bad-guy Lannister turns into a little boy within seconds) â<U+0080><U+0093> and I was won to Tywin forever, to "THEY HAVE MY SON", or "because you are my son", and now with Arya.I was rereading my favourite chapter from the books â<U+0080><U+0093> Tyrion's trial by combat â<U+0080><U+0093> and I came across the best one-liner defining Tywin Lannister (not even an one-liner, actually_Tyrion pushed forward. "MY LORDS! " he shouted. He had to shout, to have any hope of being heard.His father raised a hand. Bit by bit, the hall grew silent.Many times is stated that Lord Tywin 'kept silent' or 'did not speak â<U+0080><U+0093> and did not speak â<U+0080><U+0093> and did not speak; his silences weighing heavier than anyone else shouting.What can i say? Quite a man.
					
					
							Edited by cortchuzska, 28 May 2012 - 02:52 PM.
1534	Craven Mummer	2012-04-23	I have to go back and rewatch the scenes at Harenhall because I was trying to wrap my head around the pseudo-mountain. Conan was perfect last season, it's going to be distracting the rest of the way.
(null)
1535	teemo	2012-04-23	He was....very small.
1536	Independent George	2012-04-23	Even with the armor on, you could tell how slender he was underneath. Whereas last season, even with the armor on, you could tell how friggin' massive he was underneath.
1537	Ser Coffee The Bold	2012-04-23	not really, when Tywin gets off his horse he is really short compared to Sandor. I'm not disappointed with the new cast for the mountain, although casting the same person for every role every season would be choice-worthy
1538	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-23	Meh, it's not like the Mountain is a very layered character anyway. As long as they get an imposing guy who can scowl/growl a lot we'll be fine
1539	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	I can't understand why they wouldn't put him in Conan's armor from last season.
He'd be the right height for it and so long as he kept that helmet on you wouldn't have been able to tell he had a pencil neck and was a 100 pounds lighter than Conan.
The only thing good about him was his voice.
My father who looked forward to seeing the Mountain again this season didn't even recall seeing him this episode when I called and we discussed the show.
1540	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	not really, when Tywin gets off his horse he is really short compared to Sandor. I'm not disappointed with the new cast for the mountain, although casting the same person for every role every season would be choice-worthyI do hope that sick f**k was Gregor, not Sandor.
1541	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	It is Gregor.
I should hope Tywin would look short beside a man 7'1
1542	Fredwin	2012-04-23	Tywin looked pretty awesome though.
1543	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	I can't understand why they wouldn't put him in Conan's armor from last season.He'd be the right height for it and so long as he kept that helmet on you wouldn't have been able to tell he had a pencil neck and was a 100 pounds lighter than Conan.This. Did not get why the Lannister armor. And the guy had the posture of the Prince in Blackadder. Just wtf /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
1544	Spooky Scary Jurble	2012-04-23	Yeah, Conan was a HUGE guy, this guy might have the height, but he didn't look at all like the Mountain like Conan did.  I didn't even realize he was supposed to be the Mountain, I just thought he was a random tall guard.
Too bad Peter Jackson pays so well.
1545	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	I am hoping that Conan Steven comes back for next season for his fight with the Red Viper.
1546	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-23	The Mountain doesn't have much speaking lines in the books so what difference does it really make who plays him? He's just a thug in armor.
1547	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	He was too skinny. Oh well. The show is amazing I won't nitpick.
1548	teemo	2012-04-23	I'll nitpick...the Mountain is supposed to be impressively huge - I think about 300 pounds.  I kept telling my friend, "Wait until you see this Mountain guy, he is crazy huge!"  Then I wasn't even sure which one he was at first.... /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> He was like, "That's the huge guy you were telling me about?  Okay..."
1549	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2012-04-23	They had him with the first guy but this new guy...I though he was amery not the mountain.
1550	strifed169	2012-04-23	the mountain made tywin look small, than tywin made polliver look like a midget, i thought he was taller htan he was
1551	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	What is this bullshit http://www.conanstev...-season-02.html
He says he was willing and ready to come back for season 2 and HBO decided to go in a different direction, a shitty one apparently.
1552	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-23	Meh, I thought the new guy was ok. Really though, to me Gregor is one of the most boring villains in the entire series, so as long as they cast a really tall guy for him, I'm happy. Curious as to why they didn't condense Gregor with Amory Lorch; seems weird to keep both of them, since they basically serve the same function.
1553	Davos55	2012-04-23	What is this bullshit http://www.conanstev...-season-02.htmlHe says he was willing and ready to come back for season 2 and HBO decided to go in a different direction, a shitty one apparently.Wow! I had thought he had other commitments and that is why he couldn't do it. Well, they dropped the ball on that one..for this season atleast!I love Conan Stevens from what I have seen of him. He was great as the Mountain in the first season! I Loved the scene at the tournament where he loses to Loras and fights Sandor. He was huge and imposing, had great facial expressions, and looked good with Rory Mccann.Plus, he was great on Spartacus! I don't want to ruin anything, but his character is definitely memorable!Ian Whyte is obviously very tall, and has a great voice, which I did appreciate in his scenes this episode. But he just didn't look right in that armor at all! He seemed waaay too skinny, and it just looked kind of awkward. As previous posters have said, if they are going to use him, just put him in the Mountain's armor from the first season, which will make him look bigger. The Mountain is supposed to be a TANK.I know most people don't care, but I do! I hope Conan can make a return for next season.
1554	Honey Badger	2012-04-23	Oh, that's a shame.  This Mountain was so unassuming that I thought he was some other character.  Just stick him in the same armor at least, and shoot him strategically with baggy clothing when he's out of it.  I just couldn't tell at all that was him.
"Going in another direction" seems like a mistake on HBO's part.  I remember thinking and agreeing with others that the original Mountain was disappointing enough as a smaller actor than what's depicted in the books.  This one is even smaller.  We got used to the first Mountain's somewhat smaller than expected stature, and now we just have a tall basketball player looking guy filling the role.  Even Xho's actor in Qarth who vouched for Dany looks larger and more imposing.  That guy could probably kick this new Mountain's ass in a fist fight.
1555	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-23	My distaste for the new Mountain isn't so much that he doesn't look like the book's description of the Mountain, it's that he doesn't act like it either.  The Mountain is supposed to be terrifying.  I wasn't even the tiniest bit fearful of this tall dude.  I just can't understand why they bothered to keep the character when they aren't bothering to keep the personality and presence they spent time creating in season 1.  I would have been happier if the Mountain just existed off-screen or even got killed off by Beric and Lorch took on his role.
1556	Nebmai	2012-04-23	It is nitpicking, but the new mountain was noticeably skinny; he really did look like a basketball player in plate armor, which the mountain from the first season and books is not.
1557	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	The mountain has to do more acting in later seasons that is why they got rid of the old one. I don't mind it and most won't notice
1558	Nebmai	2012-04-23	The mountain really only has to do one scene later on, where he tells someone to shutup then tells how he did murder a women and her children as he kill someone else; other then that I only remember him being a plot device discussed by other characters.
1559	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	The mountain really only has to do one scene later on, where he tells someone to shutup then tells how he did murder a women and her children as he kill someone else; other then that I only remember him being a plot device discussed by other characters.He could have more scenes with Tywin. The books were light on him but the show can give us more insight.
1560	Davos55	2012-04-23	The mountain has to do more acting in later seasons that is why they got rid of the old one. I don't mind it and most won't noticeDo you think this new Gregor is a noticeably better actor? I thought his scenes were very weak, and he seemed pretty wooden and boring to me. I immediately noticed the change..though most casual viewers may not have.
1561	Maroucia	2012-04-23	The new guy that was casted to be Gregor is tall enough, but he is not big enough. He looks weak if you compare him to Rory-Hound and that is not how itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to beâ<U+0080>¦
Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little disappointing, but I guess itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to find a huge 7 feet tall guyâ<U+0080>¦
1562	Carne	2012-04-23	Rather disappointed as well. Conan was perfect. I'd love to see him back in season 3/4 for a particular scene, but I doubt that's going to happen as they probably don't want swap actors for every season. So for example Conan to Ian and then back to Conan again might be a bit confusing for non-bookers.
1563	Addam	2012-04-23	I always thought that Conan had to leave due to other commitments.  Unless he is trying to make himself look like the good guy on his blog by blaming HBO when it was his own scheduling conflicts that made the difference...
Anyway, I really hope they are purposefully not showing too much of the new Mountain this season, so as to bring Conan back for the much more demanding physical needs on the Mountain in season 3 or 4.
1564	ipsuel	2012-04-23	Meh, it's not like the Mountain is a very layered character anyway. As long as they get an imposing guy who can scowl/growl a lot we'll be fineExactly. I would definitely prefer last season's Mountain -- but that being said, he just doesn't matter to me enough to worry about. As long as he's some big, scary guy -- he fits the roll. It's not like we need some great dramatic actor there.
1565	GoldenFleece	2012-04-23	The Mountain doesn't have much speaking lines in the books so what difference does it really make who plays him? He's just a thug in armor.This.He has so few lines.  They could have pulled any massive guy off the street who could scowl and roar.  Was disappointed myself, I feel like I could whale on this guy if need be.
1566	Ran	2012-04-23	No, you probably couldn't: http://www.ianwhyte.com/
He doesn't have Conan's physique, but really, it's not some massive loss to the show in the end.
As to what happened... I think it's more complicated than going another direction. I suspect he had hoped they'd fit their schedule around his shooting in NZ, and they simply couldn't do that, so "they went in another direction". That is, in any case, my speculation on that front. But just because HBO doesn't comment on such things doesn't mean that there isn't two sides to the story.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 23 April 2012 - 06:55 AM.
1567	TyrNotEllius	2012-04-23	Wait - the Mountain was in this new episode?
1568	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	I loved seeing Conan as Gregor, but considering to this point there hasn't been a lot of interaction with the character, not really too upset at the change.
1569	Howlin' Reed	2012-04-23	Does anyone have a picture of Ian Whyte from the episode? I'm yet to watch it.
1570	Fez	2012-04-23	Was that the Mountain? I thought he was just Ser Armory Loch?
1571	Crown	2012-04-23	They should've left out the Mountain this season, have fun running around in the Riverlands or something. I hate it when a new actor plays the same character.
1572	Howland Reed	2012-04-23	I miss the old mountain.   In the books, this guy is legendary for his size and strength.  That's how people identify him, and its a huge factor in my opinion.  I mean this guy is suppose to just look at you wave his sword at you, and you are pretty much going to crap your pants.
I think they need the old mountain, and I also think Rorge and Biter are not as imposing or scary as they were in the books as well.  
Isn't going to make or break the show though.
1573	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-23	A very skinny mountain. /thumbsdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsdown:' />
1574	Lord O' Bones	2012-04-23	What is this bullshit http://www.conanstev...-season-02.htmlHe says he was willing and ready to come back for season 2 and HBO decided to go in a different direction, a shitty one apparently.Oh a link! Sure proof! Look dude, Conan isn't going to tell all and sundry that he screwed up and therefore got left out of season 2. But keep clicking on his hyperlinks on his page to support him and the yellow pages!The new guy that was casted to be Gregor is tall enough, but he is not big enough. He looks weak if you compare him to Rory-Hound and that is not how itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s supposed to beâ<U+0080>¦Fuck. If only they could find that guy who portrayed every Predator in two of those movies...Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s a little disappointing, but I guess itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s hard to find a huge 7 feet tall guyâ<U+0080>¦Seriously. Predator.I always thought that Conan had to leave due to other commitments.  Unless he is trying to make himself look like the good guy on his blog by blaming HBO when it was his own scheduling conflicts that made the difference...Unpossible!Or very likely. You decide.Anyway, I really hope they are purposefully not showing too much of the new Mountain this season, so as to bring Conan back for the much more demanding physical needs on the Mountain in season 3 or 4.Such as? Getting his ass kicked by a pretty boy with a spear?
1575	Mr. E	2012-04-23	Such as? Getting his ass kicked by a pretty boy with a spear?Hmm...can one really say an ass was kicked when the ass that was kicked killed the kicker of the ass in the same fight?
1576	Tres	2012-04-23	This saddens me greatly, rumours came true. Be it as it may, scenes with the Mountain were very intense and memorable in the first season, this new one is more of a reed than a bull.
Hardly a hillock, let alone the Mountain.
1577	Lord O' Bones	2012-04-23	Hmm...can one really say an ass was kicked when the ass that was kicked killed the kicker of the ass in the same fight?One can say that, but one finds that pointless, pedantic, and beside the point. The point of the actor somehow needing "more demanding skills" for some reason.ETA: Correction: "MUCH more demanding"
					
					
							Edited by Lord O' Bones, 23 April 2012 - 08:45 AM.
1578	wolverine	2012-04-23	I had no idea that was supposed to be Gregor until I came on here.  And yes Gregor got his ass handed to him by Oberyn.
1579	Independent George	2012-04-23	It was more than just Conan's size in S1, though; there was a real intensity to him when he lifted his visor and glared at Ser Hugh. He sold it in a way we didn't see last night. No disrespect intended to Ian Whyte, but I just don't see the fight with Oberyn working nearly as well.
1580	wolverine	2012-04-23	It was more than just Conan's size in S1, though; there was a real intensity to him when he lifted his visor and glared at Ser Hugh. He sold it in a way we didn't see last night. No disrespect intended to Ian Whyte, but I just don't see the fight with Oberyn working nearly as well.The fight with Oberyn is something I think a lot of book readers would splooge in their pants over if it was done well.  To do the books justice and be done well, IMO, you need a mountain, like Conan is.
1581	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	Fuck. If only they could find that guy who portrayed every Predator in two of those movies...I knew a guy that worked on the Predator movies as the predator. He was the biggest man that I ever met.http://www.youtube.c...h?v=JPtHM1vgOYw
1582	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	The fight with Oberyn is something I think a lot of book readers would splooge in their pants over if it was done well.  To do the books justice and be done well, IMO, you need a mountain, like Conan is. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />
1583	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-23	I chuckled at the thread title...And yes, this pseudo-Mountain was disappointing.  The issue isn't that the new actor doesn't deliver his lines well or anything like that - but rather that Conan Stephens made such a vivid, lasting impression last season in his limited screen time.  To see him replaced at all is frustrating as a viewer and frankly I was just hoping they would keep him off-screen.  If (as Stephens claims) the decision not to bring him back was on D&D and not due to his filming schedule with the Hobbit, then shame on them.
1584	Thoric	2012-04-23	No offense to Ian Whyte, he's really doing his best (that voice was pretty awesome), but I wouldn't have taken him for The Mountain That Rides unless Arya had pointed it out - only an extra tall Lannister goon.And while it's not that much of a loss at the moment, it'd really mar the fight with Oberyn. For there we need the raging, migraine-stricken, monstrous Gregor and Conan showed he can channel that perfectly in S1.
					
					
							Edited by Thoric, 23 April 2012 - 12:45 PM.
1585	imladolen	2012-04-23	I find it ironic that Ian Whyte is actually taller than Conan Stevens (by about .75 inches). But yeah, his shoulders are just not broad enough.
This could have been fixed easily, by putting Whyte in the same armor that Stevens wore for season 1. Screw the Lannister armor, keep that distinctive black enameled full plate, and I doubt anyone would ever have noticed the switch.
1586	Sixshells	2012-04-23	I find it ironic that Ian Whyte is actually taller than Conan Stevens (by about .75 inches). But yeah, his shoulders are just not broad enough.This could have been fixed easily, by putting Whyte in the same armor that Stevens wore for season 1. Screw the Lannister armor, keep that distinctive black enameled full plate, and I doubt anyone would ever have noticed the switch.This. As others have said I didn't even realise it was supposed to be Gregor Clegane before coming here, just some random soldier, because he didn't have any distinct armour. It wouldn't have compensated for the fact that the actor is not as large as the character is supposed to be, but it would have conveyed some sense that he is not just another extra, even though he doesn't have much to do at that point in the story anyway.
1587	zep	2012-04-23	Just wanted to add I was let down by the lack of mass with the Mountain v2.0 as well. Hopefully we don't have to see too much of him (I don't believe we'll have to if they stick close to the source material as IIRC during most of Arya's chapters @ Harrenhall the Mountain was out raping and pillaging).
1588	Reposado	2012-04-23	the mountain was in this episode? what scenes?
1589	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-23	Conan was great as Gregor in season 1. this guy just looked like a really tall guy. Conan looked like a guy who could convincingly cut a hourse head off in one stroke.
1590	Davos55	2012-04-23	I feel like the Mountain won't show up much at all after this episode. He will leave to go raid the riverlands more, and try to attack Riverrun, which I am sure they won't show this season.
So I can easily see them replacing him with Conan again for next season, and I sincerely hope they do! He rocks.
1591	The Monkey	2012-04-23	They don't need to switch back to the other actor, just use some padding underneath his armour to make him more massive. Easily done.
1592	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-23	I feel like the Mountain won't show up much at all after this episode. He will leave to go raid the riverlands more, and try to attack Riverrun, which I am sure they won't show this season.Likely to occur, since Tywin is in Harrenhal now.  Also, Arya's due to start naming names to Jaqen before long (presumably next week) and surely if the Mountain were still around he'd make the list.
1593	ckal	2012-04-23	I hope you all know that Conan Stevens who played The Mountain in season 1 is 7 feet 300+ pounds.
Some of you are saying he is small...are out of your minds. I know the Mountain is described as near 8 feet tall...but seriously, come on. There aren't even many people near that height in the entire world, never mind actors who are jacked.
Conan was perfect for this, and he seems genuinely upset and pissed off about it. He did say he would come back for Season 3 if they asked though! Hope so!
1594	scurvy	2012-04-23	They should have cast a former NBA center like Greg Ostertag.  7'2" and 300lbs.  Sure, he's not a muscled as Conan, but he's thick and under armor muscles don't matter as much as girth.  Manute Bol height doens't matter when you need to appear to be a mountain.  A big oafish white guy who has some athletic talent is perfect.  And, grumbling about 5 lines over a season shouldn't be too big a deal for a non actor.
					
					
							Edited by scurvy, 23 April 2012 - 07:30 PM.
1595	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	I think we should give New Mountain a chance.
He is in a bad situation of trying to live in the shadow of Conan, and he deserves the benefit of the doubt.
Really, nobody could possibly come close to stature/power of book Gregor in real life anyway.
Conan had one line - "Sword" - how can that justify him behing the perfect Mountain that Rides?
I thought new Mountain had a great voice actually!
1596	teemo	2012-04-23	Maybe they are trying to keep him in the backdrop with not a lot of talking so they can keep the possibility open of bringing back Conan.  There's a good chance that's the last we'll even see of the Mountain this season, and if they bring back Conan the next season or the one after, most viewers would not even notice.I know it's hard to find a guy that big, but it is possible.  The mountain's size is hugely important to his character.  Actually, it's basically the only important part of his character.  Yes, he is disgusting, barbaric, and ruthless, but he would not be called "The Mountain" or be legendary even with the small folk if he looked like the Mountain they have in there now.  He's supposed to be about 300 lbs and freakin' massive.  That dude may be a good actor, but his looks don't cut it.  Well, they could, if they dressed him up properly.  He needs some padding.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 23 April 2012 - 08:55 PM.
1597	Ran	2012-04-23	He's supposed to be 400 pounds, actually.
1598	teemo	2012-04-23	*facepalm*  Was thinking stone = pounds, even though I knew that wasn't true.  I just read that he's over 30 stone, so that's over 420 pounds.
1599	Lord Damian	2012-04-23	they should CGI the mountain like they do the wolves, larger than life. No real person can play a man who is approx 7 feet 10 and 450 lbs.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Damian, 23 April 2012 - 09:18 PM.
1600	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	Oh a link! Sure proof! Look dude, Conan isn't going to tell all and sundry that he screwed up and therefore got left out of season 2. But keep clicking on his hyperlinks on his page to support him and the yellow pages!Fuck. If only they could find that guy who portrayed every Predator in two of those movies...Seriously. Predator.Unpossible!Or very likely. You decide.Such as? Getting his ass kicked by a pretty boy with a spear?So...  Replying like a fucktard is your thing around here? I guess you've honed the skill over the almost 14k post of yours.
1601	Lady Olenna	2012-04-23	No, you probably couldn't: http://www.ianwhyte.com/He doesn't have Conan's physique, but really, it's not some massive loss to the show in the end.As to what happened... I think it's more complicated than going another direction. I suspect he had hoped they'd fit their schedule around his shooting in NZ, and they simply couldn't do that, so "they went in another direction". That is, in any case, my speculation on that front. But just because HBO doesn't comment on such things doesn't mean that there isn't two sides to the story.This is pretty much what I was thinking. It doesn't make a lot of sense for HBO to just cast someone else. Especially knowing they have a Large viewership comprised of hard core fans that would not only notice the difference but analyze it. It sounds like he really wants to be considered for the next season and they may bring him back, although as the season goes on the fans may grow to like the new Gregor and not want the original. Either way, as long as they get the important Mountain scenes played right, it makes no difference to me who's behind the armor.
1602	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	It would have been interesting to see how Conan would have handled the speaking part.
I absolutely think he is visually perfect and he is a great physical actor, but I do admit that Ian delivered the lines perfectly.
If Conan is a horrible speaking actor than I might reconsider my position, but it really is hard warming up to Ian since his look is completely underwhelming.
I still don't understand why they couldn't have stuck him in Gregor's season 1 armour and helm instead of the now generic Lannister garb.  Leaders should stand out.
1603	Magjee	2012-04-24	Very disappointing.
He looked way too slender.
1604	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	Didn't Conan leave to film the Hobbit?
And I actually liked The Mountain. I was never sure if Conan could act, but hey, we'll never know.
1605	Davos55	2012-04-24	I gotta admit I am pumped to see Conan in the Hobbit and see if he is memorable on the big screen!
Plus that movie is going to be awesome.
1606	kwak76	2012-04-24	Is that what happened to Conan? He left to play in the Hobbit ? Is that why we have this tall skinny guy as the "Mountain".
					
					
							Edited by kwak76, 24 April 2012 - 01:55 AM.
1607	Independent George	2012-04-24	Ok, I read through this page really quickly, and for a moment came away with "Conan Stevens is going to play Bilbo in The Hobbit". Which, frankly, would be totally awesome.
1608	Tres	2012-04-24	Conan had one line - "Sword" - how can that justify him behing the perfect Mountain that Rides?First of all, it's no true. it wasn't "sword", it was
	Spoiler SWORD!!!
Secondly, if I recall correctly, Mountain doesnt have any lines in the books except for the certain tavern incident, which will probably be cut out anyways. And I have the confidence that Conan would be up for the task of screaming in agony after meeting Oberyn.Therefore, physical appearance is all that matters, and in that regard Conan is just great for this role.
					
					
							Edited by Tres, 24 April 2012 - 05:23 AM.
1609	Ran	2012-04-24	Gregor also speaks in a rather key scene for him in ASoS.
Maybe Stevens can be brought back later, I don't know. But this season, his presence isn't so important that they felt it needful to work around his schedule, and I think that's fair enough.
1610	boojam	2012-04-24	Gregor also speaks in a rather key scene for him in ASoS.Maybe Stevens can be brought back later, I don't know. But this season, his presence isn't so important that they felt it needful to work around his schedule, and I think that's fair enough.I remember reading in a tweet, blog, news item, somewhere that Stevens said he would like to come back.I think Peter Jackson is finished with principal photography on the Hobbit by now, so we shall see.
1611	Carne	2012-04-24	Conan responded to one of my e-mails and said he was going to write an update on his site regarding people's disappointment with him not returning.
1612	theMountainGoat	2012-04-24	Maybe Stevens can be brought back later, I don't know. But this season, his presence isn't so important that they felt it needful to work around his schedule, and I think that's fair enough.I think the better choice may have been to leave Gregor out of season two altogether. There was no important reason for the character to be in that scene and it probably would have played out better if the Tickler had been the one to pick the daily victim. So long as the Tickler had been portrayed as a frighteningly inhuman unfeeling sociopath killer which of course he wasn't.
1613	Ran	2012-04-24	I think your particular vision of the Tickler isn't necessarily what's in the text, though. He's described as very ordinary, that he's just like any of the other soldiers, perhaps a little quieter than most. The matter-of-fact performance struck me as being perfectly in line. The guy smiles and all in ASoS, so it's not if he has no emotions. He's not inhuman, but he's an example of a kind of banal inhumanity. Or so it seems to me, anyways. Mileage may vary.
I'm fine with the Mountain being around this season, to justify his inclusion in Arya's list, which may well be important down the road.
1614	theMountainGoat	2012-04-24	Oh yes I always imagined the Tickler as looking very ordinary, I have no problem with the actor's appearance.
But the book gave me the impression that he acted and spoke in nothing like an ordinary manner. I always imagined the lines delivered flat without emotion, the questions coming relentless and without pause, with the Tickler not really caring what the answer even was. But that may just be the way I imagined the scenes through the filter of Arya's POV and many other people saw them differently.
1615	Warhammer	2012-04-24	I raged hard.
Conan is a big scary mofo, that guy looked like a white Yao Ming. 
The Mountain never wore Lannister colors, and he had a distinctive helm. I hate the choice for of Lannister helms, they look like a bird trying to f*ck someone's face.
1616	boojam	2012-04-24	I think your particular vision of the Tickler isn't necessarily what's in the text, though. He's described as very ordinary, that he's just like any of the other soldiers, perhaps a little quieter than most. The matter-of-fact performance struck me as being perfectly in line. The guy smiles and all in ASoS, so it's not if he has no emotions. He's not inhuman, but he's an example of a kind of banal inhumanity. Or so it seems to me, anyways. Mileage may vary.Is the name 'Tickler' mentioned? I missed it.O well, this first scene in Harrenhal is a piece of Arya VI in CoK. They were in the village Gregor had captured.So they moved it to Harrenhal.Tickler keep asking about the brotherhood, and did'nt he say 'him'.Non book readers are going to wonder what the heck that was all about.Somehow seems they could have worked in some explanation of Beric Dondarrion and the Brotherhood Without Banners.Else wise seems vague what is going on.By the by The Lightning Lord is one of the strangest characters George creates, he saw Beric first episode but I wonder if they are going to skip over him or what in season 3?
							Edited by boojam, 24 April 2012 - 08:28 AM.
1617	Mista C	2012-04-24	Now that I've re-watched this episode a second time, I cannot believe how incredibly dissapointed I am with The Mountain.  I did not realize how skinny he was until I saw the episode again.  He looks ridiculous.  Not intimidating at all.  I remember seeing scenes last season with the mountain and thinking how scarry this guy looked and how he could probably rip your limbs off.  This new actor... not so much.  He looked ridiculous in his armor... tall and lanky... like Wilt Chamberlin in Conan.
1618	unRobert	2012-04-24	I just.. dont understand. This season has disappointed in a lot of ways. But this one... just get a big huge dude. Doesn't need to act well at all, Gregor barely has any lines. I just... don't get it.
1619	Silverx2	2012-04-24	[img]http://24.media.tumb...ro0w9o1_500.gif[/img][img]http://awoiaf.wester...gor_Clegane.png[/img]The new guy just looks to lanky.
1620	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	Missed this thread, just like I missed the Mountain.
They should have put him in his jousting, tank-like armour from season 1. Some semblance of the man we once knew. The Lannister colours didn't really work, even with the officer helm they gave him.
1621	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	I couldn't tell he was supposed to be The Mountain at first, just a slightly tall Lannister guard.  The other guy last season was huge!you got a like for the username
1622	Brandor	2012-04-24	He could have more scenes with Tywin. The books were light on him but the show can give us more insight.Please, the material has suffered enough of their *insight*...  Repeated, in your face, gay sex scenes with Loras and Renly, a Littlefinger who is way to out in the open and careless with his scheming, a tasteless, over the top, scene with Joffrey and some prostitutes which adds absolutely nothing of substance, I could go on ad nauseam...  What *insight* have they provided?  They've provided tasteless, mindless drivel...
1623	Drowned Priest	2012-04-24	I noticed something about the armor in this show. In early season 1, we see everyone in Tywin's army has "Lannister" armor. By the last episode, three men on his council had different armor, and capes with the colors of their houses. They did this with the northmen in Season 2, the lords have their houses symbols on their armor. For some reason, they did the opposite with Gregor. In season 1 his armor was just like it was in the books, but in season 2 they tack on a red cape and that dumb helmet, and voila he becomes just another Lannister lackey.
Also, I re-watched season 2. and I noticed that polliver has the same armor set that Vardis Egen (the knight killed by Bronn) had in season 1
1624	Independent George	2012-04-24	Please, the material has suffered enough of their *insight*...  Repeated, in your face, gay sex scenes with Loras and Renly, a Littlefinger who is way to out in the open and careless with his scheming, a tasteless, over the top, scene with Joffrey and some prostitutes which adds absolutely nothing of substance, I could go on ad nauseam...  What *insight* have they provided?  They've provided tasteless, mindless drivel...I have to disagree; I love most of the "new" scenes. I hate the dumbing down of Littlefinger, and agree that the Joffrey scene last night was awful and gratuitous, but the rest have really added a lot to the story. Robert/Cersei, Tywin/Jaime, Yoren/Tyrion, and Jorah/Rakharo stand out from S1. And, as a straight man, I'm perfectly comfortable admitting I enjoyed the Renly/Loras scenes ("You did throw up when that knight lost his eye in the melee." "His whole eye was dangling out of the socket!").Anyway, to get back on topic, I can actually imagine some good Tywin/Gregor interactions in council sessions this season. It's an opportunity to bring up Gregor's relationship with Sandor from a different perspective, reveal some background info on Elia and Aegon, and see what Tywin really thinks of his children. Tywin seems to have gained a healthy, if grudging, respect for Robb's martial prowess, as compared to his perpetual disappointment with his own children. There really are a lot of possibilities, especially with Arya in the room; making her Tywin's cupbearer not only streamlines the story, but it also gives us a glimpse into a side we barely see in the books. I relish the opportunity to see more of Tywin, especially with Charles Dance playing the part to perfection.I wish Conan were still playing Gregor - besides the size, he had a real intensity in S1 that seems to be missing from him now - but I'm willing to see where it takes us.
1625	Brandor	2012-04-24	I have to disagree; I love most of the "new" scenes. I hate the dumbing down of Littlefinger, and agree that the Joffrey scene last night was awful and gratuitous, but the rest have really added a lot to the story. Robert/Cersei, Tywin/Jaime, Yoren/Tyrion, and Jorah/Rakharo stand out from S1. And, as a straight man, I'm perfectly comfortable admitting I enjoyed the Renly/Loras scenes ("You did throw up when that knight lost his eye in the melee." "His whole eye was dangling out of the socket!").Anyway, to get back on topic, I can actually imagine some good Tywin/Gregor interactions in council sessions this season. It's an opportunity to bring up Gregor's relationship with Sandor from a different perspective, reveal some background info on Elia and Aegon, and see what Tywin really thinks of his children. Tywin seems to have gained a healthy, if grudging, respect for Robb's martial prowess, as compared to his perpetual disappointment with his own children. There really are a lot of possibilities, especially with Arya in the room; making her Tywin's cupbearer not only streamlines the story, but it also gives us a glimpse into a side we barely see in the books. I relish the opportunity to see more of Tywin, especially with Charles Dance playing the part to perfection.I wish Conan were still playing Gregor - besides the size, he had a real intensity in S1 that seems to be missing from him now - but I'm willing to see where it takes us.I will agree that the Tywin/Jaime scene was a good addition, I will also agree that Jorah/Rakharo was another good addition that I overlooked, I'll throw another out there that I overlooked as well.  The scene with Robert/Barristan/Jaime.  The latter did a lot for viewers to portray Robert in a more honest light.  I do disagree with Cersei/Robert, that's another example, imo, of cliche hollywood type drivel.  The Tyrion/Yoren scene really just amounted to the two of them drinking and telling jokes.  All in all, however, this still amounts to very little substance overall across all the additional scenes.
1626	akajea	2012-04-25	No idea why they had him not wear shoulder armor. When people complained that he was too skinny when he was casted, I dismissed them thinking the costume magicians could make him look as bulky as a bear. Apparently not though, as his lack of shoulderpads made him look somewhat pathetic.
Other than that though, I'm fine with it. Conan was the right size, but he looked nothing like Sandor and he looked half his age. Not an older brother. I guess you don't get much choice when it comes to 7 foot actors.
1627	eupfhoria	2012-04-25	yeah, the miscasting of Gregor has been the only big fuckup in the show so far in my opinion. I missed where Arya refers to him as the Mountain on my first viewing, thought he was just a Lannister guard.
e:the miscasting in the 2nd season; the first guy was great. I knew who he was instantly.
					
					
							Edited by eupfhoria, 25 April 2012 - 11:55 AM.
1628	boojam	2012-04-25	I noticed something about the armor in this show. In early season 1, we see everyone in Tywin's army has "Lannister" armor. By the last episode, three men on his council had different armor, and capes with the colors of their houses. They did this with the northmen in Season 2, the lords have their houses symbols on their armor. For some reason, they did the opposite with Gregor. In season 1 his armor was just like it was in the books, but in season 2 they tack on a red cape and that dumb helmet, and voila he becomes just another Lannister lackey.Also, I re-watched season 2. and I noticed that polliver has the same armor set that Vardis Egen (the knight killed by Bronn) had in season 1Seems to be a budget thing they had Lannister armor around so piece something together for Gregor, since I don't think we are going to see much of Gregor this season, maybe not again, I don't know why they didn't just move the mountain 'off stage'.By the by I like the Lannister armor, with the face plates closed it looks effective. Don't know if that an invention or the show got the design from historical armor, of which there is quite a variety.
1629	Lord of the Night	2012-04-25	I don't like how stickish the new Mountain is. He needs bulkier armor to look the part.But i'll give him one credit, his voice is exactly how I imagined Clegane's to be.LotN
1630	Chelly	2012-04-25	He has a great voice. Very Mountain. I'm going to give this guy a chance,but I think he should have been given better fitting armor, though.
1631	Balefont	2012-04-25	I loved seeing Conan as Gregor, but considering to this point there hasn't been a lot of interaction with the character, not really too upset at the change.Well, except for the joust scene and sword-fight from season one. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I do hope they are able to get him back for the fight with the Red Viper next season (or the season after, however that plays out) and in the meantime perhaps limit the screen time with the stand-in.  (No offense to the stand-in, of course.)
1632	7V3N	2012-04-25	My father who looked forward to seeing the Mountain again this season didn't even recall seeing him this episode when I called and we discussed the show.I didn't know until I saw it on the forums. I assumed that guy was just an extra playing a Lannister man.
1633	Ran	2012-04-25	Did everyone miss where they say, "That's him, the Mountain"?
1634	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-25	He was so underwhelming that the mind of most ignored the line in order to deny that this was really what they had as the Mountain this season.
It's denial.  The mind works to protect us.
1635	Balefont	2012-04-25	I knew it was The Mountain and that he didn't seem like the same person but I figured that's just how they set up the shot.  Now I know why that's how they set up the shot. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1636	Jojen	2012-04-25	Nope, not impressed with his size at all. Voice was meh as well. I don't care about his armor, but they could have added some padding to make him look more imposing and more like Conan in S1. It's not like it's real armor, so weight shouldn't have been an issue. Seriously, how difficult could that have been? Or wasn't it in the budget? Even if the extra padding was heavy, it's not like he had to dance a jig in his scene anyway.
1637	7V3N	2012-04-25	Hmm...can one really say an ass was kicked when the ass that was kicked killed the kicker of the ass in the same fight?And did it by grabbing the ass-kicker's head and continually smashing it? Hmmm....
1638	Francis Buck	2012-04-25	Honestly this was the first casting decision that actually bothered me. Dude just has no presence whatsoever. And I agree that the effect was compounded by not having more imposing armor for him. He just seemed like Lannister Guard #5, but happened to be tall.
					
					
							Edited by Francis Buck, 25 April 2012 - 06:51 PM.
1639	VivaVictarion2	2012-04-25	I am hoping that Conan Steven comes back for next season for his fight with the Red Viper.OMG I didnt even think about that...
1640	wolverine	2012-04-25	Honestly this was the first casting decision that actually bothered me. Dude just has no presence whatsoever. And I agree that the effect was compounded by not having more imposing armor for him. He just seemed like Lannister Guard #5, but happened to be tall.Why did they put him in that Lannister guard junk?  I thought he wore massive thick plane gray plate?  Or is that just for tourneys and he dons the same uniform as lowly household Lannister guards the rest of the time?
1641	wolverine	2012-04-25	Did everyone miss where they say, "That's him, the Mountain"?Are you talking about Arya?  Because no, the first time I watched the scene I did not hear her mumble that under her breath.  Thus I had no idea the Lankmeister was a The Mountain.
1642	Ser Graymax	2012-04-26	No presence whatsoever as was previously stated.  I agree.  Some have said that the new actor has a great voice.  Really?  I rewatched last night and thought that as well as not being bulky enough that his voice was too thin and high also.  First viewing I thought it was deeper also.  Maybe Ill watch again.
The Hound is actually more imposing.
Brienne looks more massive than The Mountain now, maybe she should have done both parts.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 26 April 2012 - 11:49 AM.
1643	Spidey	2012-04-26	Why did they put him in that Lannister guard junk?  I thought he wore massive thick plane gray plate?  Or is that just for tourneys and he dons the same uniform as lowly household Lannister guards the rest of the time?He's wearing part of it. The gourget is definitely the one from Conan Steven's plate armor. But if you look closely, Ian just isn't broad enough. The full plate just wouldn't fit him.
1644	VRD	2012-05-21	Sooo, a little late to the discussion, but I thought I'd add my two cents.I honestly feel for Ian Whyte. As someone else mentioned, having to climb into the shoes of Stevens' is no easy feat, especially after the performance he delivered last season. Nor can I blame him for wanting the role. After all, when someone is a starving actor, a role on a series like this can pay the bills and put food on the table. However, while I can understand wanting the role, he never should have been considered for it. That's the fault of whoever re-cast The Mountain the first place. Whoever did that should be bloody fired, imo. As others have mentioned, he just doesn't fit the role. He is/was supposed to be this overwhelming and brutally large/intense individual; this version of The Mountain, whatever attributes he may have, is not those things at all. (A lot of people have joked that he looks like a basketball player which is funny because Ian Whyte used to play professionally.)Secondly, while everyone is entitled to their opinion- even the person who made the "bizarre" comment that recasting the Mountain was the equivalent of re-casting someone to play a predator for the Predator series- I have to respectfully disagree. As someone else noted, just because The Mountain doesn't have a lot of lines doesn't mean his presence isn't paramount in the series. He basically represents the viciousness and savagery that the Lannisters are willing to use to get what they want. His character is present and used in every book that has been released so far and his size is even more important come book 5. Given the short amount of time Conan had on screen last season, and given that he was able to deliver that intensity, anger and savagery, it just seems a beyond amateur move for the series to have made when they decided to replace him, especially with someone half Conan's width. As others have mentioned, given that many other characters are simply mentioned only in name this season, they could have easily just kept him out of this season and referred to him by name in passing and brought Stevens back in season 3.What I personally find annoying now is that they're actually giving Whyte more lines than he actually had in the books too which solidifies the actor for this role. Just amateur all the way around when it comes to his character in this season.Oh, and as an aside to whoever said that Conan and Rory don't look like brothers, save from the fact that I would disagree based on their fight in season 1, I would suggest watching this: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=TIWX2fPx-5k
					
					
							Edited by VRD, 21 May 2012 - 09:12 PM.
1645	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	I'm trying to figure out if we're getting a good deal or short-changed on seeing the fortresses/castles of the great castles. 
Seeing Pyke, both on the credits map and the exterior during the episode was awesome. Looked perfect. 
Harrenhal also looked great, much creepy than I imagined from the books; who'd want that as their seat? (Also, I noticed Harrenhal didn't really 'move' on the credits map - is this to emphasize how moribund the place is?) 
But on other areas we're missing out. There's been no external establishing shots of Dragonstone, which seems bizarre as it seems to get described in book world as arguably the most imaginative castle in the story so far, not just another holdfast. 
Also, have Riverrun and Storm's End basically been cut out of the show completely? I feel these locations are important not just to convey to the audience where characters are - e.g, Riverrun = rivers = ahh, yes Robb is somewhere around the riverlands - but also for plot reasons. E.g why is Stannis at Stirm's End if there's no Storm's End? 
I understand there are visual effect limitations, but if we're going to see places we really should get externals for context?
1646	sarahstitcher	2012-05-20	I agree that it's beginning to be a little confusing... The opening credits have done a *great* job in the past, at showing us the overall landscape, and where the specific places shown in the story are, in relation to each other. There has been enough of a match between the opening sequence and the look of the sites in the actual scenes, to have some idea of "oh, this is where we are now". But more recently, it does seem like they've omitted places from the opening sequence that it would be nice to get a better sense of... especially since there are multiple army-encampments, and the establishing shots in the scenes don't tell you at first glance which one it is. No big banners or color schemes to make a quick ID.
I hope I'm not out of line posting to this early-episode thread, after watching up to episode 7. It seems like in this last episode and the one before, I've had more than one "which camp is this? and where abouts is it?" moments.
1647	Stannis Iron Baratheon	2012-04-23	How do people view Stannis in this episode? I found him, in the previous episodes, not what I wanted since he was my favorite character in the books. In "Garden of Bones" though he, in my opinion fills up to the expectation and the style that I perceived from the books. He seemd cold and calculated, richeous and just and all of the other qualities I learned to love. In the first few episodes though he seemed lustfull when it came to the prospect of being king and getting a son, which seemed off character to me. But now I think that he is being portrayed the way I personaly invisioned it.
1648	teemo	2012-04-23	He definitely seemed more like the Stannis I know.  It also seemed like he was aware of exactly what was going to happen with the shadowbaby.
1649	The Frostfangs	2012-04-23	I noticed that too. In the books he denys knowing what killed renly.
1650	salt	2012-04-23	I don't know.  I can deal with it, I suppose, I just keep the books and the show totally separate in my mind. 
The dysfunctional relationship between the Baratheons was one of my favorite elements of the books, and it just hasn't translated to the show.  I can't claim to be happy with what they've done with Stannis, but I still enjoy the show.
1651	Tourne-Toujours	2012-04-23	Dillane is growing on me as Stannis. Having said that, in the books I imagined Stannis as a hardass, in the show he comes across as a spoiled child.
1652	Dracarya	2012-04-23	I love the way Dillane portrays Stannis, so my issues with the differences are small. I too thought book-Stannis had no idea about the shadowbabies, but alas, it's more likely that he did know what Melisandre was up to. I don't mind really, he really is a blinding actor, I'm just disappointed there was no peach!
1653	whiteraven77	2012-04-23	I love the way Dillane portrays Stannis, so my issues with the differences are small. I too thought book-Stannis had no idea about the shadowbabies, but alas, it's more likely that he did know what Melisandre was up to. I don't mind really, he really is a blinding actor, I'm just disappointed there was no peach!I was totally waiting for the peach too! was disappointed about that. Renly did hold what i think was an apple when talking to Littlefinger in his pavillion but not the same.
1654	ServantOnIce	2012-04-23	Not a fan of his potrayal so far . . we shall see.  ..
1655	Dracarya	2012-04-23	I was totally waiting for the peach too! was disappointed about that. Renly did hold what i think was an apple when talking to Littlefinger in his pavillion but not the same.I know! I thought that was a peach from the promo, but no /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
1656	Howland Reed	2012-04-23	I think they are portraying Stannis relatively well.  I think the actor looks a little too charismatic/handsome than I perceived Stannis to be.
1657	The Smiling Eye	2012-04-23	He doesn't seem very honorable to me at all...
1658	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-23	Paraphrasing here, but: "Clean methods don't win wars."
Isn't that kind of the complete antithesis to the values Ironman Stannis is supposed to cling to?
1659	The Smiling Eye	2012-04-23	Paraphrasing here, but: "Clean methods don't win wars."Isn't that kind of the complete antithesis to the values Ironman Stannis is supposed to cling to?Agreed. I felt that quote was very odd. To me, he comes across as a guy who will be honorable only when it's comfortable to do so.
					
					
							Edited by Ataraxia60, 23 April 2012 - 09:19 AM.
1660	Oberyn King	2012-04-23	I think tv Stannis is an evolving character.  I didn't like him much the first episodes, but last night he seemed more kingly.  Though I wouldn't like to see him less honourable than the book Stannis.
1661	Laohu	2012-04-23	Character alterations aside, I really enjoyed the scene on the ship with Stannis and Davos. They had a nice, little exchange there - good character development.
1662	Ser Hippie	2012-04-23	Stannis isn't Ned. He's about duty, not honor, so it seems very much in character to do whatever it takes to claim the throne. After all, in his mind it's his throne that is being stolen and usurped.I think the shadowbaby and his conversation with Davos (yeah you saved me but you were still a smuggler) should have helped establish him a bit better. And the grammar nazi bit was fantastic too.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Hippie, 23 April 2012 - 09:50 AM.
1663	Fredwin	2012-04-23	He doesn't seem very honorable to me at all... Stannis is more about justice than honor. He's always walked a fine line. He is a bastard in the non-literal sense and has always been such an awesomely flawed character in the books.I really want to see what happens in the books if/when someone has a stronger claim to the throne than he does, if he will swear fealty after all that has happened.
					
					
							Edited by Fredwin, 23 April 2012 - 09:52 AM.
1664	Jessica Bendis	2012-04-23	I think Stephen Dillane is great for the part, but the writing is disappointing when it comes to the Dragonstone characters. They're not spending enough time developing them.
1665	Tourniquet	2012-04-23	Stannis gets better as the series goes on. He is one of a handful of characters that learns from mistakes and makes changes to his/her personality to actually become a better person.
Most characters in fantasy are flat. They go through the entire series without once ever making a meaningful change. Stannis is not one of them.
1666	ace	2012-04-23	Thought he was OK at first. But now changed my mind. Not liking him so far. More of a whiny kid than the bad MFer from the books. Just think of the book confrontation with Renly, and compare with the show. He really looks and feels weak. And if there's one thing Book Stannis never allowed himself to look it was weak.
1667	Jory	2012-04-23	Thought he was OK at first. But now changed my mind. Not liking him so far. More of a whiny kid than the bad MFer from the books. Just think of the book confrontation with Renly, and compare with the show. He really looks and feels weak. And if there's one thing Book Stannis never allowed himself to look it was weak.He doesn't even sound angry in the confrontation with Renly! He's just like "Eh".
1668	Stannis is the Mannis	2012-04-23	He's getting better but still not so good in the adaptation. I'm ok with him knowing about the shadow in the show, despite getting the opposite impression in the book, but he seems to command less of a presence in the show. The actor doesn't grind his teeth, he doesn't seem strong and confident either. In the book when Stannis said he was going to  defeat Renly, I believed him. In the show, despite knowing what's to come I found him to be coming off as weak and delusional.
Also, I'm glad they divulged a little of his and Davos's backstory, but they still need to spend more time on it since they are such lasting characters.
1669	Lord Barristan	2012-04-23	I was so disappointed with the renly scene! That was one of my favorite parts of the books! Stannis is obviously serious, but his dry sense of humor is completely lacking in this series. I wanted him to tell Renly that Margaery would remain a maiden in his bed!
I also miss some of my favorite lines of stannis, like trying a "Red Hawk"
I honestly wish they would have spent more time developing Stannis and how he feels slighted by Robert and given him more interaction with Davos, but oh well. Turning a 800 page book into less than 10 hours of television is impossible
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 23 April 2012 - 11:30 AM.
1670	Lady Octarina	2012-04-23	Stannis was amazing this episode, but slightly different from what I had in mind. I mean, he seemed mostly amused at Renly when they meet, trying hard not to smile, a bit too nonchalant, really, but tired, which makes sense considering the shadow baby business. But I loved him, just as I love absolutely any character Stephen Dillane plays; there's not much of a choice here...
Also, I was surprised they chose to show that Stannis knew what Melisandre intended to do, I always assumed he only finds out after Renly is dead - but it proves nothing as far as our speculations to whether or not he knew it from the start in the book goes. I mean, they did turn those two shadow baby episodes into one, so it wouldn't make much sense not to show him aware of it. But I hope they will show how troubled he gets at what he did afterwards, how much Renly's death haunts him for the rest of his days (even if they eliminated the peach) - and maybe some comfort from Mel? /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1671	My Little Kraken	2012-04-23	He doesn't even sound angry in the confrontation with Renly! He's just like "Eh".I think that is partly just due to his natural voice.  It is a little stringy compared to some of the powerful and/or mellifluous voices we hear on a regular basis.  I kind of like his voice, it is pleasant, but it isn't like many of the others which are  amazing at times.
1672	Pliny	2012-04-23	He doesn't seem very honorable to me at all...I agree. It bothered me that he sent Melisandre in with the Shadowbaby (I know he sends her later), because it makes it so Stannis never intended to actually give Renly until morning to come to his side. That doesn't seem like the honorable or just thing to do, and I don't see book Stannis doing that.
1673	Lord Varys	2012-04-23	Did anyone also strongly get the vibe during the Renly-Stannis-conversation that Shireen is back in? Wouldn't Stannis have said 'until I have a child' when he offered Renly to name him his heir, if TV Stannis was indeed childless?
Also, the fact that Stannis learned about the incest from Ned gets rid of this whole 'Eddard Stark was no friend of mine' stuff, which makes Stanns somewhat more sympathetic.
1674	IronSuitor	2012-04-23	People give too much credit to Stannis for being honorable and just. His whole thing is that he sees himself as honorable, but in reality he'll throw an innocent baby on the fire if it gets him the throne. Renly had stolen his bannermen and marched to take his throne. By Stannis logic, the only right thing to do is kill him.
1675	Jory	2012-04-23	Did anyone also strongly get the vibe during the Renly-Stannis-conversation that Shireen is back in? Wouldn't Stannis have said 'until I have a child' when he offered Renly to name him his heir, if TV Stannis was indeed childless?Also, the fact that Stannis learned about the incest from Ned gets rid of this whole 'Eddard Stark was no friend of mine' stuff, which makes Stanns somewhat more sympathetic.Do you actually think this series is making Stannis more sympathetic? That particular change does, to be sure, but I'd argue other things like how he's all "Until a son is born to me *camera cuts to Mel smirking*"  make him less so.
1676	The Second Hand	2012-04-23	My biggest problem is that by erasing the Joffrey-Ros scene and saving the Sansa scene for a later episode, we could of easily had Storm's End, Renly's army and an actual believable follow-up to the conversation. They could have used this episode to believably explore Stannis, Melisandre, and of course, his relationship with Davos.So, yes, Stannis has been a complete dissapointment for me so far. I do like Stephen Dilane, though.
1677	teemo	2012-04-23	I need to re-watch, but it sounded like Stannis knew what Meli was about to do.  Does that imply that he understands the sex was for a shadowbaby?  Wish that was more elaborated on.  But you know, they ran out of time at 9:51 PM.
1678	Jory	2012-04-23	My biggest problem is that by erasing the Joffrey-Ros scene and saving the Sansa scene for a later episode, we could of easily had Storm's End, Renly's army and an actual believable follow-up to the conversation. They could have used this episode to believably explore Stannis, Melisandre, and of course, his relationship with Davos.They're putting Dragonstone arc on the backseat so we can see Robb give Jeyne 2.0 googly eyes and Dany have really awkward conversations
1679	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	I'm not sure if they need to make him this grammer cop either. It kind of tied in with his "A lie, take it out"
He may be a bit anal when it comes to justice and what is right, but I think constantly taking the high ground and correcting people would be pretty tiresom for his followers, esp Davos.
Oh right...
He's a lobster.
1680	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	I like him a lot.
He might not come off as aggressive as he could but I felt his delivery was cold rather than weak.
Dillane has really grown on me and his exchange with Davos was quite enjoyable.
1681	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	I like him a lot.He might not come off as aggressive as he could but I felt his delivery was cold rather than weak.Dillane has really grown on me and his exchange with Davos was quite enjoyable.I did also find the scene fun and it made me chuckle, mostly because Davos had this look like "Did you really just say that?"We know Stannis from the books, but seeing it played out in the show is still a bit strange for me. Maybe It didn't play out in my head that way when I was reading. Stannis was way more stoic and righteous for me in the books.
1682	Pliny	2012-04-23	Did anyone also strongly get the vibe during the Renly-Stannis-conversation that Shireen is back in? Wouldn't Stannis have said 'until I have a child' when he offered Renly to name him his heir, if TV Stannis was indeed childless?Didn't Renly list "childless" in the list of adjectives about Stannis? I thought I heard that, and it made me sad, because I like Shireen.
1683	LuisDantas	2012-04-24	People give too much credit to Stannis for being honorable and just. His whole thing is that he sees himself as honorable, but in reality he'll throw an innocent baby on the fire if it gets him the throne. Renly had stolen his bannermen and marched to take his throne. By Stannis logic, the only right thing to do is kill him.This.  Stannis' honor is mostly a fiction, both in-story and among fandom.
1684	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Did anyone also strongly get the vibe during the Renly-Stannis-conversation that Shireen is back in? Wouldn't Stannis have said 'until I have a child' when he offered Renly to name him his heir, if TV Stannis was indeed childless?Also, the fact that Stannis learned about the incest from Ned gets rid of this whole 'Eddard Stark was no friend of mine' stuff, which makes Stanns somewhat more sympathetic.Stannis didnt learn about the incest from Eddard.  He and jon arryn figured it out, hence why stannis left before ned got there.  I dont like this actor as Stannis at all.  There's nothing intimidating about him at all.  Not his voice, looks, mannerisms, nothing.  Amother problem i hve is that book Stannis is very perceptive, and wise.  He's a respected warrior commander and we know this from the get go with the books.I get none of that from this character so far.  I think he's the worst character so far, and he's top 3 for me in the books.
1685	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	I like him a lot.He might not come off as aggressive as he could but I felt his delivery was cold rather than weak.Dillane has really grown on me and his exchange with Davos was quite enjoyable.Your dad came off as cold blooded.  Totally different than the way stannis comes off imo.  Roose is one of my favorites that the producers do appear to have gotten right imo.
1686	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	This.  Stannis' honor is mostly a fiction, both in-story and among fandom.Stannis is much more of a calculating, hard man than honorable.  But he's certainly more honorable than anyone in kings landing or renly or the greyjoys.  He outlaws rapes and deals out justice more fairly than most.
1687	LuisDantas	2012-04-24	On what basis do you say so?  The books provide no support for such a statement.
1688	Lord Barristan	2012-04-24	They're putting Dragonstone arc on the backseat so we can see Robb give Jeyne 2.0 googly eyes and Dany have really awkward conversationsYes I really don't like that. I was talking to a friend who is a non book read and I told him Stannis is my favorite character from the book and he told me he was really struggling to figure out what was going.Everything this season just feels too rushed. No character development, no explanations of whats going on...Like Robb's battle against Ser Stafford Lannister's army at Oxcross. Did they ever mention that another Lannister host was gathering? All the non book reader knows is that Tywin is at Harrenhal and Robb is fighting god knows who.I think everything would be better if they just spent 5 minutes each episode explaining what is happening.Like why did Stannis even show up in the Stormlands? Its very clear in the book, in the show it makes no sense TBH. They should have given him a line like "I need to get my brother's bannerman to my side" or "i need to take storm's end"  instead he just shows up to parlay with Renly
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 24 April 2012 - 06:14 AM.
1689	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	On what basis do you say so?  The books provide no support for such a statement.Say what?  He's more honorable than the folks in kl or renly or greyjoy?I think that's pretty clear.  Renly has no claim to the throne.The lannisters?  Killing and raping all the peasants in the riverlands isnt very honorable, nor was cutting off starks head and almost anything cersei does.Do i have to mention the greyjoys?
1690	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Yes I really don't like that. I was talking to a friend who is a non book read and I told him Stannis is my favorite character from the book and he told me he was really struggling to figure out what was going.Everything this season just feels too rushed. No character development, no explanations of whats going on...Like Robb's battle against Ser Stafford Lannister's army at Oxcross. Did they ever mention that another Lannister host was gathering? All the non book reader knows is that Tywin is at Harrenhal and Robb is fighting god knows who.I think everything would be better if they just spent 5 minutes each episode explaining what is happening.Like why did Stannis even show up in the Stormlands? Its very clear in the book, in the show it makes no sense TBH. They should have given him a line like "I need to get my brother's bannerman to my side" or "i need to take storm's end"  instead he just shows up to parlay with RenlyThey're wasting time developing joffrey (which we already have a complete understanding of), giving littlefinger waaaaaay too much airtime, and making sure we know who ros is for some ungodly reason.Does it even feel like there's been any Blackwater buildup or hype?  Do you feel like kings landing is threatened at all?  Not to me.  Does it feel like robb stark has control of the west-the lannisters' backyard!  My ratings for these episodes are plummetting right now.
1691	Rapsie	2012-04-24	I miss Stannis's dry wit. The quote about Marg and in your bed she'll stay that way, should have stayed in. Less Ros and more Stannis. Actually less Ros and more a lot of other characters too.
1692	LuisDantas	2012-04-24	Say what?  He's more honorable than the folks in kl or renly or greyjoy?Kevan Lannister and even Tyrion are more honorable than Stannis.  As is Renly, who has better (if perhaps not as lawful) a claim to the throne than Stannis.  I don't think Asha is less honorable than Stannis either.  In fact, I'm uncertain on how Victarion and Theon compare to him... come to think of it, Theon and Stannis are remarkably similar far as honor goes.I think that's pretty clear.  Renly has no claim to the throne.Fifty thousand troops think otherwise.
1693	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Kevan Lannister and even Tyrion are more honorable than Stannis.the same Kevan who was cool with setting the Hound, the Brave Companions, and Ser Armory out on the peasants to rape, pillage, and burn all of their food? Tyrion is pretty honorable. As is Renly, who has better (if perhaps not as lawful) a claim to the throne than Stannis.  I don't think Asha is less honorable than Stannis either.  In fact, I'm uncertain on how Victarion and Theon compare to him... come to think of it, Theon and Stannis are remarkably similar far as honor goes. Renly has no claim on the throne other than his number of allies. I can't take you seriously on the whole Theon and Stanins being remarkably similar.  Because Stannis used a Shadow assassain?  what other King went north to protect their realm?   Stannis is fighting a holy war against the Other as well as claiming the throne which is his by all rights and customs.  we can tit for tat on Thoen v Stannis' honor all day and you'll lose that one.  Please remember, that I said Stannis' honor is overrated, he's just more honorable that all these guys- ESPECIALLY Theon.  Can you see Stannis threatening to hang Ser Rodrick's daughter?   The Greyjoy's are not honorable on GP alone.  What they do, taking from people weaker than them isn't honorable. Fifty thousand troops think otherwise. So explain what that has to do with making it an honorable claim?  Sure it can be a claim, nothing to do with honor.
1694	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-24	Kevan Lannister and even Tyrion are more honorable than Stannis.  As is Renly, who has better (if perhaps not as lawful) a claim to the throne than Stannis.  I don't think Asha is less honorable than Stannis either.  In fact, I'm uncertain on how Victarion and Theon compare to him... come to think of it, Theon and Stannis are remarkably similar far as honor goes.Fifty thousand troops think otherwise.How is does Renly have a better claim to the throne than Stannis? That point is ridiculous. Renly specifically says to Catlyn that he's going to take the throne by force because he's more popular. Renly recognizes that his claim is less valid. But that doesn't matter as much in the long run as actually having the clout to take it. Renly think he's going to be a better king than Stannis, which is why he justifies taking the throne for himself.
1695	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-24	I guess my opinion of Stannis so far is more leaning towards not hardass enough. He does reply to his ways of justice (with Davos and to his threat to Renly), he shall do whatever means are given to him to see that Justice is done; by chopping Davos four fingers or preventing renly from taking the Iron Throne from him.
1696	Jory	2012-04-24	Kevan Lannister and even Tyrion are more honorable than Stannis.  As is Renly, who has better (if perhaps not as lawful) a claim to the throne than Stannis.  I don't think Asha is less honorable than Stannis either.  In fact, I'm uncertain on how Victarion and Theon compare to him... come to think of it, Theon and Stannis are remarkably similar far as honor goes."On what basis do you say so? The books provide no support for such a statement." Only in this case, they really don't. Renly specifically says: "You may have the better claim..." to Stannis - there isn't any arguing that Stannis has a better claim than Renly does. What that means to you, as a reader, is up to you, but Renly having a big army doesn't mean a lot to me in my mind. Tyrion is not more honorable than Stannis - Tyrion rapes a whore in Pentos, kills his own father, kills a whore he deluded himself into thinking loved him, and has a singer killed to shut him up. As Stannis himself says, a good act does not wash out the bad, nor the bad the good. Stannis going to the Wall is his crowning achievement and it deserves a great deal of credit. That Stannis may or may not have been (still tend towards "may not have been" even after the series) involved in his brother's death does not outweigh that. Stannis is a very complicated character, but your ultra-negative view of him is likely no more valid than some people's ultra-positive view.There are reasons people have twenty page arguments about this character. He is one of the most ambiguous in the series, a person truly straddling the line between hero and villain, and that makes him very, very, very interesting. I hope the show does him justice, but I have to say I don't think it will. I'm more or less very unhappy with his presentation so far - I don't like how they cut out his best lines and add more new lines for Renly, for instance.
					
					
							Edited by Jory, 24 April 2012 - 11:45 AM.
1697	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-24	There are reasons people have twenty page arguments about this character. He is one of the most ambiguous in the series, a person truly straddling the line between hero and villain, and that makes him very, very, very interesting. I hope the show does him justice, but I have to say I don't think it will. I'm more or less very unhappy with his presentation so far - I don't like how they cut out his best lines and add more new lines for Renly, for instance.For what it's worth, a good king in the medieval ages should straddle the line between hero and villain in the way that Stannis does. You must be known as a hard-ass when it comes to justice in order to keep the peace. People must be executed and justice needs to be swift and brutal. That's the only way to keep criminals in line considering the limitations of technology.Stannis may be styled after William the Conqueror, who was notoriously brutal and unforgiving. He was a heavy handed ruler, but fair and just; unloved but respected. It was said "It had been possible during his reign for a man to walk with his pockets full of gold from one end of William's realm to the other with no-one touching him through their fear of the king."That's a good king back in the day.
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 24 April 2012 - 12:22 PM.
1698	ChromeWeasel	2012-04-24	...
					
					
							Edited by ChromeWeasel, 24 April 2012 - 12:29 PM.
1699	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	I thought Stannis was wonderfully Stannis-like in this episode and it seemed so very much in character for him to correct someone's grammar too. I don't mind the actor's way of speaking either, overall I think he is as close to nailing Stannis as can be expected of him.
I also think I am showing my age when all the other fangirls are fawning over Robb and Jon Snow, while I am going "Why, isn't that gentleman playing Stannis quite handsome in a rugged and windswept fashion?". Because you know, he makes Stannis quite fawn worthy!  I shall now be off grabbing my cane and telling the kids to get off my lawn! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
1700	My Little Kraken	2012-04-24	I also think I am showing my age when all the other fangirls are fawning over Robb and Jon Snow, while I am going "Why, isn't that gentleman playing Stannis quite handsome in a rugged and windswept fashion?". Because you know, he makes Stannis quite fawn worthy!  I shall now be off grabbing my cane and telling the kids to get off my lawn! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />No accounting for taste, is there? Ha-ha.  He IS nice looking.  I don't go for the Robb/Jon scene either.   I'll keep my age a secret though ;-)
1701	smidget25	2012-04-24	I think that's pretty clear.  Renly has no claim to the throne.Oh come on. What claim does anyone have to the throne, really? The Baratheons took it by force, as did the Targaryens. Just like Renly is doing now.The fact that he has the most people behind him is a good reason for him to be King imo.
1702	SerBarristan	2012-04-24	Have folks considered that we first meet Stannis from the POV of Davos, who has a massive man-crush on the dude, and how that might color how we perceive him? One of the things GRRM likes to do with POV story-telling is the unreliable narrator -- how characters and events can be interpreted differently by different people... 
One of things that makes the show really compelling for me, as a book reader, is how the story can't be told POV. We don't see Stannis as Davos sees him. We see Stannis for who he actually is. Which opens the door to some really interesting, if not totally canon choices for the showrunners in terms of how they present these people... Just something I've been thinking about. I wonder how much our idea of Stannis is shaped by first seeing him through Davos' eyes.
1703	Jory	2012-04-24	Have folks considered that we first meet Stannis from the POV of Davos, who has a massive man-crush on the dude, and how that might color how we perceive him? One of the things GRRM likes to do with POV story-telling is the unreliable narrator -- how characters and events can be interpreted differently by different people...One of things that makes the show really compelling for me, as a book reader, is how the story can't be told POV. We don't see Stannis as Davos sees him. We see Stannis for who he actually is. Which opens the door to some really interesting, if not totally canon choices for the showrunners in terms of how they present these people... Just something I've been thinking about. I wonder how much our idea of Stannis is shaped by first seeing him through Davos' eyes.We don't first see him through Davos' eyes, though, we see him through Maester Cressen's - and either way, Stannis' role in A Clash of Kings is decidedly antagonistic to the main narrative thread (Tyrion), so I don't think the argument that we are biased in Davos' favor holds much water. In fact, I would argue the opposite.
1704	LuisDantas	2012-04-24	How is does Renly have a better claim to the throne than Stannis? That point is ridiculous.Is it?Renly specifically says to Catlyn that he's going to take the throne by force because he's more popular.Which is what ultimately matters.Renly recognizes that his claim is less valid.Uh, no, he doesn't.  The opposite, really.  He does however recognize that he has no support from the law, for what little it is worth.But that doesn't matter as much in the long run as actually having the clout to take it. Renly think he's going to be a better king than Stannis, which is why he justifies taking the throne for himself.Precisely.
1705	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Oh come on. What claim does anyone have to the throne, really? The Baratheons took it by force, as did the Targaryens. Just like Renly is doing The fact that he has the most people behind him is a good reason for him to be King imo.The conversation you're jumping into is strictly if the claim in honorable.  That's it.  Stannis, by tradition and rights has a better claim.Do i personally care.  No.
1706	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Is it?Which is what ultimately matters.Uh, no, he doesn't.  The opposite, really.  He does however recognize that he has no support from the law, for what little it is worth.Precisely.Ok, so that has what to do with honor again (since that's what spawned the conversation....or are you ignorig that again to suit your opinions?Is it?
1707	LuisDantas	2012-04-24	the same Kevan who was cool with setting the Hound, the Brave Companions, and Ser Armory out on the peasants to rape, pillage, and burn all of their food?I can see how Kevan shouldn't have been so passive towards Tywin's excesses, but do we know that he "was cool" with that?Tyrion is pretty honorable.Look, I'm fond of Tyrion, but honorable isn't a word very well suited to him.Renly has no claim on the throne other than his number of allies.Yep.I can't take you seriously on the whole Theon and Stanins being remarkably similar.But they are; both live in that unconfortable region where they see the pomp and circunstance of highborn heirs from up close, yet keep being reminded that they are not supposed to be such heirs.  And they so resent that.Stannis was lucky enough to be favored by his family to a far greater extent than Theon.  Other than that, their psychological resemblance is uncanny.Because Stannis used a Shadow assassain?That was the first inequivocal sign, yes.what other King went north to protect their realm?No one yet. Not coincidentally, no other self-proclaimed King saw the North as his best best towards actually attaining a throne, either.One should consider that Stannis is being anything but altruistic in his northern campaign.  If anything, he has regressed, taking the Night's Watch resources for himself and even pointing out in a letter to Jon that he will only spare the Highborn in Deepwood Motte.  He is in a bid for power, not a campaign for justice. Stannis is fighting a holy war against the Other as well as claiming the throne which is his by all rights and customs.That is his propaganda, for sure.  The truth is somewhat less endearing.we can tit for tat on Thoen v Stannis' honor all day and you'll lose that one.It may well be.  Odds are that it will take all day, however.  And then it comes to a coin toss, or rather to some very arbitrary calls.Please remember, that I said Stannis' honor is overrated, he's just more honorable that all these guys- ESPECIALLY Theon.  Can you see Stannis threatening to hang Ser Rodrick's daughter?Why yes, I can.  Rather easily in fact.  He did slay Renly in a very treacherous way, after all.  And then there is Courtney Penrose, and he almost sacrificed Edric Storm.  And he did not hesitate to kill Mance Rayder either, or the smallfolk at Deepwood Motte.  For that matter, he is risking his own supporters rather recklessly on his way to Winterfell.The Greyjoy's are not honorable on GP alone.  What they do, taking from people weaker than them isn't honorable.Victarion is fairly honorable, as is Theon when one allows for the extreme alienation that he has been through.So explain what that has to do with making it an honorable claim?  Sure it can be a claim, nothing to do with honor.Certainly nothing makes a claim more honorable than actually being wanted as a King?
1708	LuisDantas	2012-04-24	Ok, so that has what to do with honor again (since that's what spawned the conversation....or are you ignorig that again to suit your opinions?Is it?Having support makes one's claim honorable (note that the same applies to Robb, incidentally), while just being the one pointed by the law doesn't really.Particularly in Stannis' case, since he doesn't even have proof for his claim.
1709	Bayard	2012-04-24	I just watched the Inside the episode on youtube .... and I am crushed!! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Dan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a horrible king, and as far as I see it, he hates the character.... Very bad news for the future /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />, especially when the changes to the book are bigger and bigger /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1710	7V3N	2012-04-24	Stannis grows into a very understandable character. Certainly not likeable, but you get why he is how he is and what is sort of going on in his head. He has become one of my favorite. The show's Stannis is not the same guy. Where GRRM's writing makes a real character, this actor shows that he is just an actor. Dinklage is Tyrion because he conveys the character so well. Bean was Ned. Dillane is not Stannis.
1711	Lord Barristan	2012-04-24	Stannis grows into a very understandable character. Certainly not likeable, but you get why he is how he is and what is sort of going on in his head. He has become one of my favorite. The show's Stannis is not the same guy. Where GRRM's writing makes a real character, this actor shows that he is just an actor. Dinklage is Tyrion because he conveys the character so well. Bean was Ned. Dillane is not Stannis.I agree 100% though much of the problem is also the writing. In the book A Clash of Kings, Stannis's feelings and motives are well documented. We know why he is the way he is and why he is taking the action1. He saw his parents destroyed in a horrific shipwreck right outside of his own castle: "I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed." (ACOK 172)2. He felt slighted by Robert for a number of reasons. The first was his love for Stark and lack of appreciation for Stannis, despite all he did. He thanked Stark for breaking the siege, not Stannis for holding the castle. He blames Stannis for allowing Viserys to escape from Dragonstone. He is mad that he named Ned Stark hand of the king.3. He wanted Storm's End, his ancestral home. He held it for over a year under siege. Sure he also took Dragonstone from the Targaryens, but what he wanted was Storm's End: "I never asked for Dragonstone. I never wanted it...Storm's End belong to House Baratheon for three hundred years; by rights it should have passed to e when Robert took the Iron Throne." (ACOK 24)I also don't like that they made it so Ned told Stannis about Joffrey's true parentage. He already knew, he found out with Jon Arryn and when he died he left. Its like they are making Stannis to be less than he should be to make Ned seem more heroic or something, when in fact it was Stannis who even brought his theory to Lord Arryn.I know the show is super complicated and there are so many characters- too many really for 10 hours- but I think giving Stannis a proper introduction and back story would have really served the show.
1712	Lothar Imbel	2012-04-24	I never got why people thought Stannis was honourable.  He's just, which is completely different.  For him, there is a definite right and wrong way for an event to occur, Robert's sucession being the most obvious example.  The right way is for the throne to pass to his eldest sibling (himself).  However, even if Joffrey had been Robert's trueborn son, he still would've fought for him regardless of his sadism, as it was just that he had gained the throne that way.
EDIT: Am I the only person that sees Stannis as being deontological in his approach to things, with Renly being more utilitarian?
					
					
							Edited by Lothar Imbel, 24 April 2012 - 06:01 PM.
1713	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	Stannis grows into a very understandable character. Certainly not likeable, but you get why he is how he is and what is sort of going on in his head. He has become one of my favorite. The show's Stannis is not the same guy. Where GRRM's writing makes a real character, this actor shows that he is just an actor. Dinklage is Tyrion because he conveys the character so well. Bean was Ned. Dillane is not Stannis.I agree, but I blame that far more on the writing. Clash is Stannis' novel -- there is no other way to explain it. The entire story of Westeros rests on his shoulders and march toward King's Landing and, of course, the effect of his siege.Although we have six episodes to go, it's still worrying that I feel nothing for Stannis, Davos and Melisandre. I barely know them. I believe that Stephen Dilane is a terrific actor with the tools to actually portray Stannis effectively. The writing? Not so much.
1714	Lord Barristan	2012-04-24	I agree, but I blame that far more on the writing. Clash is Stannis' novel -- there is no other way to explain it. The entire story of Westeros rests on his shoulders and march toward King's Landing and, of course, the effect of his siege.Although we have six episodes to go, it's still worrying that I feel nothing for Stannis, Davos and Melisandre. I barely know them. I believe that Stephen Dilane is a terrific actor with the tools to actually portray Stannis effectively. The writing? Not so much.This is what really bothers me. The writing. In my post above I talked about how in the book we know so much about Stannis' past and how the death of his parents, constant slights at the hands of his brother, lack of loyalty from the stormlords- even his own grandfather goes against him at first while all of his wife's family does as well minus ser axell. In the show we get NONE of this.The other thing is how Stannis invicts fear upon all the other characters. Catelyn knows he will not break, Tyrion and Cersei are both terrified, even Varys is a little bit. The presence of Stannis in the book goes far beyond his screen time. He is present even when he is hundreds of miles away, yet this show makes him almost unimportant. Tyrion has barely mentioned him (if at all) since the letter about Joff's death. Everything in the novel is very much dictated by Stannis' actions, not feeling that at all in this show
1715	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-25	the same Kevan who was cool with setting the Hound, the Brave Companions, and Ser Armory out on the peasants to rape, pillage, and burn all of their food?That was Gregor and his lovely gang, not the Hound btw. And Tywin did so to get Eddard in the field, but Ned sent Beric Dondarrion instead.Which btw would never had happened, had LF not inflamed the Stark - Lannister conflict, which made Cat abduct Tyrion.Kevan may be a slightly milder version of Tywin, that doesn't make him perfect or flawless in any way. He was basically Tywin's Yes man at his side.I just watched the Inside the episode on youtube .... and I am crushed!! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> Dan Weiss thinks Stannis would make a horrible king, and as far as I see it, he hates the character.... Very bad news for the future /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />, especially when the changes to the book are bigger and bigger /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Stannis' characer growth happens over several books though. In ACOK he is definitely more of a villain, and his only redeeming quality is Davos Seaworth. Stannis *would* make a horrible king, he is as unbening and brittle as iron. As much as I have come around to like Stannis, it's not because of him being an amazing king, it's because of his very flawed and interesting character, and his great bromance with Jon Snow. Even in ADWD, he is wholly on what the reader would call "the side of good", if we think of the Starks and Dany as unequivocally forces for "good".The other thing is how Stannis invicts fear upon all the other characters. Catelyn knows he will not break, Tyrion and Cersei are both terrified, even Varys is a little bit. The presence of Stannis in the book goes far beyond his screen time. He is present even when he is hundreds of miles away, yet this show makes him almost unimportant. Tyrion has barely mentioned him (if at all) since the letter about Joff's death. Everything in the novel is very much dictated by Stannis' actions, not feeling that at all in this showIt probably makes more sense to go into that bit of exposition once Renly is dead since otherwise it will muddy the water for the TV viewers. Currently the conflict is Stannis/Renly, but once that has played out, it's time for Stannis/Kings Landing.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 25 April 2012 - 01:24 AM.
1716	Jory	2012-04-25	They had better do Stannis justiceI agree, but I blame that far more on the writing. Clash is Stannis' novel -- there is no other way to explain it. The entire story of Westeros rests on his shoulders and march toward King's Landing and, of course, the effect of his siege.Although we have six episodes to go, it's still worrying that I feel nothing for Stannis, Davos and Melisandre. I barely know them. I believe that Stephen Dilane is a terrific actor with the tools to actually portray Stannis effectively. The writing? Not so much.Yeah, if I was a person just watching the show, I wouldn't really give a flying fuck about any of them. The introduction was poorly done - Stannis/Mel basically completely overshadows (ha ha) the character and his personality.
1717	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-26	I agree they are not fleshing Stannis out enough and I worry about the Battle of Blackwater. In the book I was torn between factions, I wanted Stannis to win and take KL from the Lannisters but wanted Tyrion to succeed in defending it. When the battle comes around all anyone's going to care about is Tyrion winning.
I said in another thread I think rather than the recap of everyone we got in episode 1 the bulk of it should have been introducing Stannis & his cause, really fleshing out the character like Ned & Jon were in AGOT.
This series should be devoted to Stannis, Tyrion and Arya. The rest are mainly backstories.
1718	jarl the climber	2012-04-26	Stannis was actually a jerk in ACOK. Its in the following books that he really come alive and becomes a more dynamic character.
1719	7V3N	2012-04-26	I re-read the prologue of ACOK to compare and I do not understand why they didn't devote more time to doing the season intro like the book. It just introduces Stannis, Davos, and Mel way too perfectly while capturing the core of each character--Stannis suffering continuous slights and pains, Davos giving up his fingers for his knighthood and thanking Stannis, Melisandre's devotion to the Red God and the malevolent feeling she emits. The TV show instead decided to include a long scene of Joff ordering the killing of the bastards (which Cersei actually did) and featured Ros with some of the most screen time.
I think I have isolated the thing I hate most about the TV Stannis: control. Book Stannis feels the need to be in control of what is happening. He depends on Davos because he knows he can. But with the Mel sex scene, he would not let her off the hook after Renly dies, assuming he didn't know the consequences of the sex (shadow baby), as the show made it out to be. If Mel manipulated him and he found out, she'd be on a real short leash.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 26 April 2012 - 09:47 AM.
1720	LuisDantas	2012-04-26	EDIT: Am I the only person that sees Stannis as being deontological in his approach to things, with Renly being more utilitarian?Sort of.  Stannis claims to be deontological, but falls short.  Ned would be a far better example.Renly, however, is indeed utilitarian in posture.  One more reason why he is so much better than his brother.
1721	boojam	2012-04-26	I think the shadowbaby and his conversation with Davos (yeah you saved me but you were still a smuggler) should have helped establish him a bit better. And the grammar nazi bit was fantastic too.I swear I had thought they had ad libbed that!I think it was written in, since Davos is illiterate and lower than low born (of course a very intelligent man), that was pretty subtle teleplay stuff, sure went over most peoples heads.
1722	boojam	2012-04-26	He definitely seemed more like the Stannis I know.  It also seemed like he was aware of exactly what was going to happen with the shadowbaby.I thought that was an improvement on George who leaves it vague in the novel.But reading between the lines and knowing his hopeless position he had to know what was happening.When in the novel it happens again, ..., I could see what was going on. I am sure the 2nd shadow baby won't be done, it should have not appeared in the book.
1723	redriver	2012-04-26	Dillane is doing a great job as Stannis.The viewers don't like him because they are not meant to.
They weren't in the books either.
In fact no one has a good word to say about him until the gift chapter.
Likeable no,plausible yes.
1724	Fredwin	2012-04-26	I think the problem is that D&D are trying to force book 5 Stannis to become book 1 Stannis. Basically, they know where the character/story is going and they are trying to create one static character. Not a character that grows/changes throughout the books(difficult with no internal PoVs).
1725	7V3N	2012-04-27	I think the problem is that D&D are trying to force book 5 Stannis to become book 1 Stannis. Basically, they know where the character/story is going and they are trying to create one static character. Not a character that grows/changes throughout the books(difficult with no internal PoVs).I think the same about Dany. She has too much fire right now and not enough of the little girl who was not ready to rule yet. They've made her the ruler she is in ADWD, and ignored how she matures into the role.Dillane is doing a great job as Stannis.The viewers don't like him because they are not meant to.They weren't in the books either.In fact no one has a good word to say about him until the gift chapter.Likeable no,plausible yes.I disagree. I re-read the prologue just to make sure that I was not doing something like that. They are different people. The mood you get off of them is just different completely. Stannis in the show seems to desire the throne and does not stand out from the other Kings. Stannis in the book did not want the throne, but it was his so he believed he must take it.
					
					
							Edited by The Shadow Fox, 27 April 2012 - 02:59 PM.
1726	House Snow	2012-04-27	I think the same about Dany. She has too much fire right now and not enough of the little girl who was not ready to rule yet. They've made her the ruler she is in ADWD, and ignored how she matures into the role.I thought the opposite.  I thought she was very immature in Quarthe scene, and from the scene in the preview for the next episode where she goes wide eyest it looks like they are definitely going to play up the but I am just a young girl angle.  One thing I think they should have done is have XXD meet Dany in the waste in the prior scene where she had met with the rider.  Would have given the writers a much easier time with exposition and could have added some intrigue to both scenes.  For instance XXD could drop some expostion as well as tells Dany to do something to get her in Quarth, but she ignores him in the next scene as she is oft to do, and then they could let the rest of the scene play out as it did with Sumai.  I think that would have been less akward and his reaction instead of being "that wierd"  being more "hmm he really wants something from her"
					
					
							Edited by House Snow, 27 April 2012 - 09:10 PM.
1727	congokong	2012-04-27	The actor is terrible as Stannis. He has had little dialogue so we don't know him well, and the dialogue he has had doesn't ring true as the iron, duty-first Stannis. He seems neurotic, unsure, and distracted.
That parley scene with Renly was just awful. Ignoring all other problems, Renly acted much more like Stannis.
1728	7V3N	2012-04-27	The actor is terrible as Stannis. He has had little dialogue so we don't know him well, and the dialogue he has had doesn't ring true as the iron, duty-first Stannis. He seems neurotic, unsure, and distracted.That parley scene with Renly was just awful. Ignoring all other problems, Renly acted much more like Stannis.His dialogue rings of shitty writing. Things that are an obvious attempt of establishing the character like, "The Iron Throne is mine by right. They will bend the knee or I will destroy them." Really? That is their attempt at establishing the hard, black-and-whiteness of Stannis? Not the emphasis on how he cut Davos' fingertips while also raising him to knighthood, or how he is only dutiful to his wife, or how he was slighted continuously by Robert--giving Renly Storms End, thanking Ned for breaking the seige of Storms End and not Stannis for holding it, etc. I think they just did a horrible job at introducing and developing his character.Also, Melisandre is awful. Her outfit is too dark for my liking, she seems to be a slut who just wants to lure every guy into fucking her, and there has been barely any emphasis on R'hllor. R'hllor may be the most driving force in the entire series.
1729	congokong	2012-04-28	His dialogue rings of shitty writing. Things that are an obvious attempt of establishing the character like, "The Iron Throne is mine by right. They will bend the knee or I will destroy them." Really? That is their attempt at establishing the hard, black-and-whiteness of Stannis? Not the emphasis on how he cut Davos' fingertips while also raising him to knighthood, or how he is only dutiful to his wife, or how he was slighted continuously by Robert--giving Renly Storms End, thanking Ned for breaking the seige of Storms End and not Stannis for holding it, etc. I think they just did a horrible job at introducing and developing his character.Also, Melisandre is awful. Her outfit is too dark for my liking, she seems to be a slut who just wants to lure every guy into fucking her, and there has been barely any emphasis on R'hllor. R'hllor may be the most driving force in the entire series.I know Stannis has had few lines, but in the parley scene he didn't come off as I expected from reading the books. Renly was the angry one in that scene; not Stannis. It should have been the opposite. When he said "the iron throne is mine by rights" there was no anger there; no stubborness. I expected him to have more of a gruff manner.Melisandre... That whole thing with her stating that Davos "wanted her" was ridiculous and slutty. But these writers slip in any opportunity for sexual tension that they can find. Such as adding that scene where Sam gives Gilly some trinket, Petyr at the brothel, or Joffrey with the spanking whores...
1730	Monk Meth-	2012-04-28	you have to put into consideration that though the book is more detailed.. we never get to see stannis POV.. so we only know him from how other people perceive him.
1731	Nucky Thompson	2012-04-28	One must understand that many characters in the books are described in ways that cannot be shown in a TV show - Roose Bolton wearing a pink cloak in battle or Stannis clenching his teeth are two examples of this. TV-Stannis is a rather good depiction, considering those constraints. However, what bothered me about Stannis is his answer to Renly's "Whose sigil is that" - "My own." It simply didn't sound right for Stannis to do what was very much like explaining himself in front of his little brother... It should've been a more threatening and imposing answer, but that was very much balanced out by Renly's "Is he a ham?"...
					
					
							Edited by gendarme, 28 April 2012 - 01:53 PM.
1732	7V3N	2012-04-28	One must understand that many characters in the books are described in ways that cannot be shown in a TV show - Roose Bolton wearing a pink cloak in battle or Stannis clenching his teeth are two examples of this. TV-Stannis is a rather good depiction, considering those constraints. However, what bothered me about Stannis is his answer to Renly's "Whose sigil is that" - "My own." It simply didn't sound right for Stannis to do what was very much like explaining himself in front of his little brother... It should've been a more threatening and imposing answer, but that was very much balanced out by Renly's "Is he a ham?"...Renly seemed too angry and hostile in the conversation, where Stannis seemed calmer. I imagined in the book a more frustrated and annoyed Stannis and a joking, carefree, sarcastic Renly.
1733	Jory	2012-04-28	Dillane is doing a great job as Stannis.The viewers don't like him because they are not meant to.They weren't in the books either.In fact no one has a good word to say about him until the gift chapter.Likeable no,plausible yes.... I liked Stannis long before I read the gift chapter. Namely when he decided to save the Wall.
1734	Jory	2012-04-28	"Whose sigil is that" - "My own."That line is from the books...
1735	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-04-28	The other thing is how Stannis invicts fear upon all the other characters. Catelyn knows he will not break, Tyrion and Cersei are both terrified, even Varys is a little bit. The presence of Stannis in the book goes far beyond his screen time. He is present even when he is hundreds of miles away, yet this show makes him almost unimportant. Tyrion has barely mentioned him (if at all) since the letter about Joff's death. Everything in the novel is very much dictated by Stannis' actions, not feeling that at all in this showTo be honest, back when I was reading aCoK for the first time, I didn't think of him as the main danger for King's Landing and Joffrey's side. Up until Renly's death . Since this is going to happen in the next episode we can hope that Stannis' presence in this war will become more apparent and important than it has portrayed so far.
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 28 April 2012 - 04:00 PM.
1736	Jory	2012-04-28	Tbh, back when I was reading aCoK for the first time ,I didn't thought of him as the main danger for King's Landing. Up until Renly's death . Since this is going to happen in the next episode we can hope that Stannis' presence in this war will become more apparent and important than it has portrayed so far.Yeah, I agree, in ACoK Stannis' march on KL happens way too fast and way too late and it isn't built up enough for the real climax feeling that battle's supposed to have. The show is right to do that much, at least.
1737	salt	2012-04-28	However, what bothered me about Stannis is his answer to Renly's "Whose sigil is that" - "My own." It simply didn't sound right for Stannis to do what was very much like explaining himself in front of his little brother... I The weird part about this isn't the sigil line, which I believe was in the book, its the fact that for some ridiculous reason, Renly has a new sigil /shocked.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':shocked:' /> .  He seems to be using a stag on a green background, I guess to symbolize his alliance with the Tyrells?  Its weird, but more importantly, it means that this like makes no goddamn sense.  "It would be confusing if we were using the same banner?"  Why would Stannis be using the Tyrell green?  Terrible writing.
1738	Jory	2012-04-28	Yes, agreed, Vanessa Taylor did a poor job with this episode - particularly re: Stannis' arrival, which comes entirely out of left-field, and then later Stannis' lines having Davos go to the cave ("there are cleaner ways"? Cleaner ways of what? How does Davos know what Mel is going to do? How does Stannis? WHAT?), and then even LATER Mel being all "You want me", etc.
1739	salt	2012-04-28	Yeah, what was one of the best scenes in the books was terrible on screen.  The whole Stannis and Renly plot has been poorly handled.  In the books there was so much tension, so much confusion...when Stannis set sail from Dragonstone, everyone thought he was going to arrive at King's Landing any minute, and the city braced for an attack.  Then there is that wonderful moment when the the Lannisters get the news that he sailed not to KL, but to Storms End, and they realize at the same time the readers do- they're fighting each other! - and Cersei and Tyrion actually start dancing with joy.  A shame that none of this has made it to the show.
1740	teemo	2012-04-28	I think the actor is fine, but they are ruining his character.  When my non-book friends refer to him as the guy that cheats on his wife with the red-headed slut, I know D&D are doing something wrong here.
1741	House Snow	2012-04-28	^  Isn't that true though.  He did sleep with her and Mel did seem  to go after Jon too.
1742	unRobert	2012-04-28	Too few lines, too little to know... But I'm diggin Stannis Jefferson.In the books I wasn't sure about him at all (only rooting for him as an anti-Lannisterinian) until ADWD. When you realize his accomplishment in smashing Victarion's Iron fleet (We get to see Vic's badassery in ADWD) and his actions really equal his characterization. The red woman was an early detractor for his character, but when he enlists the help of the mountain clans and marches on Winterfell in winte you can't help but love the character. I just hope the show does the same. If they stick true to Stannis' story it will become clear in on television as well.
1743	Jory	2012-04-28	^  Isn't that true though.  He did sleep with her and Mel did seem  to go after Jon too.It's probably true but showing it so early helps define his character to the point that it overwhelms the whole "this is Robert's eldest brother who is the rightful heir to the throne and wants to bring the Lannisters to justice". It makes him "guy who cheats on his wife with the redheaded slut", as HK-47 said. It would've been better to leave it ambiguous - the explanation given in the show for the sex, I think, a little weird especially considering Stannis then asks Davos to take Mel to the cave. Does Stannis think the shadowbaby will be his heir and also a trained assassin? What?
1744	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-28	I agree 100% though much of the problem is also the writing. In the book A Clash of Kings, Stannis's feelings and motives are well documented. We know why he is the way he is and why he is taking the action1. He saw his parents destroyed in a horrific shipwreck right outside of his own castle: "I stopped believing in gods the day I saw the Windproud break up across the bay. Any gods so monstrous to drown my mother and father would never have my worship, I vowed." (ACOK 172)2. He felt slighted by Robert for a number of reasons. The first was his love for Stark and lack of appreciation for Stannis, despite all he did. He thanked Stark for breaking the siege, not Stannis for holding the castle. He blames Stannis for allowing Viserys to escape from Dragonstone. He is mad that he named Ned Stark hand of the king.3. He wanted Storm's End, his ancestral home. He held it for over a year under siege. Sure he also took Dragonstone from the Targaryens, but what he wanted was Storm's End: "I never asked for Dragonstone. I never wanted it...Storm's End belong to House Baratheon for three hundred years; by rights it should have passed to e when Robert took the Iron Throne." (ACOK 24)I also don't like that they made it so Ned told Stannis about Joffrey's true parentage. He already knew, he found out with Jon Arryn and when he died he left. Its like they are making Stannis to be less than he should be to make Ned seem more heroic or something, when in fact it was Stannis who even brought his theory to Lord Arryn.I know the show is super complicated and there are so many characters- too many really for 10 hours- but I think giving Stannis a proper introduction and back story would have really served the show.Stannis can join the list of people that come worse off as the show tries to glorify the Starks. Makes sense though, as they are "the good guys" (in a series famous for not being about good and bad guys in any objective manner, though I'd argue that the truth behind that reputation is arguable)
1745	House Snow	2012-04-28	It's probably true but showing it so early helps define his character to the point that it overwhelms the whole "this is Robert's eldest brother who is the rightful heir to the throne and wants to bring the Lannisters to justice". It makes him "guy who cheats on his wife with the redheaded slut", as HK-47 said. It would've been better to leave it ambiguous - the explanation given in the show for the sex, I think, a little weird especially considering Stannis then asks Davos to take Mel to the cave. Does Stannis think the shadowbaby will be his heir and also a trained assassin? What?How would they do the shadowbaby scene though?  Even in the book it was kind of confusing for while.  I mean getting rid of the second shadowbaby was pretty much a given in the tv version, and if bok  fans can't see that then imo their opinion can't be taken seriously b/c they are completely ignoring the logistics of the show.  So once you accpt there was only going to be one shadow baby then you kind of needed to tie it more to Stannis.  There are other areas where the show could have been more ambigous but I don't think this is one of them.  Now should they have added another Stannis, scene preferably an exposition/character building type scene before the sex scen-yeah I think so.  But I think the sex scene was pretty essential.
1746	Jory	2012-04-28	How do you tie the shadow to Stannis? It's easy. Catelyn, in the books, literally says "it was Stannis" about fifty times.
1747	Fredwin	2012-04-29	I watched the Liam Cunningham interview on thronecast, and he managed to explain a good chunk of Davos' backstory in about a minute. They couldn't find the time to fit some important exposition in though for the TV viewers?
1748	7V3N	2012-04-29	I watched the Liam Cunningham interview on thronecast, and he managed to explain a good chunk of Davos' backstory in about a minute. They couldn't find the time to fit some important exposition in though for the TV viewers?Liam Cunningham is great. I kinda wish he was Stannis cause I think he'd be great for it too.
1749	Fredwin	2012-04-29	Yeah he is. I Just realized how much of a mess my last post was.  I love how enthusiastic he is about his character and it's origins, and he didn't even read the book! That's pretty awesome.
1750	House Snow	2012-04-29	How do you tie the shadow to Stannis? It's easy. Catelyn, in the books, literally says "it was Stannis" about fifty times.I misworded that.  I meant how do you tie the pregnancy to Stannis or explain the preganancy at all.  It would have been way too out of nowhere for the TV fan for that scene to happen without the sex scene.  I gues my other complaint about the purists is I don't think they realize how much there knowlege influences what they understand and how that understanding makes them dismissively say:they didn't needed to put that in. For instance Tv fans seem to be pretty cool with the Joffrey whore scene because it DID increase there hatred for Joffrey.  Book fans knowing what Joffrey is pretty much arrogantly say we didn't need that and IMO don't really acknowledge that they feel this way primarily b/c they read the book.  Noone would tell Martin "really did you need to put Joffrey killing Cats" in the book, we already knew what a monster he is, yet they turn around and get mad at the producers for putting a teenage equivalent in there.
1751	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-29	Stannis can join the list of people that come worse off as the show tries to glorify the Starks. Makes sense though, as they are "the good guys" (in a series famous for not being about good and bad guys in any objective manner, though I'd argue that the truth behind that reputation is arguable)Stannis comes off as a villain in ACOK though, big time. Between Melisandre's shadow babies and his intending to storm Kings Landing, he really isn't cast in the best of lights.Stannis doesn't really end up closer to sympathetic until ADWD.IMHO, if the show is glorifying anyone, it's Tyrion, not the Starks. With the way things are going, Sansa will look like a tool for not wanting to marry him in ASOS, I think.
1752	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-29	At least we kind of got Book Stannis' perspective though.
1753	Jory	2012-04-29	Stannis doesn't really end up closer to sympathetic until ADWD.I'd argue more the end of Storm of Swords. While Stannis definitely seems villainous when we're reading from, say, Cat's point of view, I don't think you get the same impression from Davos. Also, nowhere does Stannis say he's going to sack King's Landing and I really don't think he would've done that to the city he meant to rule over, especially since he gelds his men for raping people.
1754	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-29	I'd argue more the end of Storm of Swords. While Stannis definitely seems villainous when we're reading from, say, Cat's point of view, I don't think you get the same impression from Davos. Also, nowhere does Stannis say he's going to sack King's Landing and I really don't think he would've done that to the city he meant to rule over, especially since he gelds his men for raping people.Stannis doesn't say it no, but Cersei and Tyrion have got a different view. Hence Cersei's comments about there being a dearth of sacking songs.Stannis himself may not approve of a sack, but it's not like he can control everyone.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 29 April 2012 - 03:30 PM.
1755	teemo	2012-04-29	^  Isn't that true though.  He did sleep with her and Mel did seem  to go after Jon too.I don't know anyone who read the books first and that's the first thing that comes to mind when they think of Stannis.  Not to mention, it's so subtle that many casual readers right not even notice it.
1756	7V3N	2012-04-29	Stannis comes off as a villain in ACOK though, big time. Between Melisandre's shadow babies and his intending to storm Kings Landing, he really isn't cast in the best of lights.Stannis doesn't really end up closer to sympathetic until ADWD.IMHO, if the show is glorifying anyone, it's Tyrion, not the Starks. With the way things are going, Sansa will look like a tool for not wanting to marry him in ASOS, I think.I thought it was easier to sympathize with Stannis because of Cressen. He knew the good boy who was hurt just too many times to smile.I diasagree about Tyrion and Sansa. I thought Sansa was rude to Tyrion and ignorant. She didn't see the good behind people's looks and reputations, as was how she was initially with the Hound. She embarrassed and made a fool of Tyrion at their wedding (not on purpose, but she was not all that ashamed by doing it). I found it easy to sympathize for Tyrion and wanted to slap Sansa and tell her that she was being looked out for.But, I do agree that the show is glorifying him. I think the Starks have all been done pretty accurately.
1757	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-30	I thought it was easier to sympathize with Stannis because of Cressen. He knew the good boy who was hurt just too many times to smile.I diasagree about Tyrion and Sansa. I thought Sansa was rude to Tyrion and ignorant. She didn't see the good behind people's looks and reputations, as was how she was initially with the Hound. She embarrassed and made a fool of Tyrion at their wedding (not on purpose, but she was not all that ashamed by doing it). I found it easy to sympathize for Tyrion and wanted to slap Sansa and tell her that she was being looked out for.But, I do agree that the show is glorifying him. I think the Starks have all been done pretty accurately.Sansa was a 13 year old girl forced to marry someone she didn't want. Why should she submit to that? Book Tyrion thinks her a total airhead as well throughout. Tyrion agreeing with Tywin to marry Sansa is not his finest moment at all. He does it mainly because he wants Winterfell and thinks Sansa will make a pretty wife, with no thoughts what so ever about what she will think. She didn't even learn about it until the same day, and tried to run off.Sansa had no idea whether or not he'd go back on his promise not to rape her (Tywin is pressuring Tyrion to consummate the marriage as well), and before Joffrey's murder, it was pretty certain Tyrion could not protect her if Joffrey should decide to have her either, what with being the king. In no way was Sansa safe, nor happy. Check through her chapters in ASOS again, if you can't spot the depression I'd think you blind.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 30 April 2012 - 01:19 AM.
1758	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	I think blaming Sansa for her feeling with regards to the Tyrion marriage is ludicrous- especially as Tyrion, despite his rather flattering view of his personality and ethical standing, is only a "nice" person by Westerosi standards if at all. I seriously can't understand how uncaring some readers seem to be towards that little girl
1759	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-30	Dp
					
					
							Edited by SerArthurHeath, 30 April 2012 - 04:38 AM.
1760	7V3N	2012-04-30	Everyone misunderstood me. I found her to be that way, but did not find it unjustified. She had to grow up and realize that among all of these enemies surrounding her, Tyrion was looking out for her as was the Hound. I am not saying she should have smiled and been jumping up and down about marrying Tyrion, but surely she could have been more pleasant to the man who kept her safe from Joff's rage. I know she was depressed from the second Ned was executed. The marriage was obviously horrible for her, especially given the hope from the Tyrell's plan. But I do not think that justifies her view on people that she had for so long. The good people may be ugly, and the handsome may be the cruelest. It took her growing up to realize that.
1761	Wintersun777	2012-05-06	I haven't watched a single episode this season, but after reading this thread I think I'm going to be very disappointed. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
					
					
							Edited by Wintersun777, 06 May 2012 - 02:27 PM.
1762	True Blue Mug	2012-05-16	I just want a scene where we visually see Stannis grinding his teeth!
1763	LuisDantas	2012-05-16	Stannis can join the list of people that come worse off as the show tries to glorify the Starks.Can he, however?It seems to me that it is more like fandom made a Draco Malfoy out of Stannis.  People admire him pretty much despite what he actually is and what he actually does.  He is out for glory and killing and disregarding people merrily out of sheer immediate convenience ever since we met him.Stannis as a half-hero is not really supported by the books, particularly once we begin to realize how biased towards him Davos is.
1764	Molamola790	2012-04-23	I guess just a general comment about the Hound, he's probably my favorite character in the books...is anyone else disapointed on how little they are using him?
1765	boojam	2012-04-24	I guess just a general comment about the Hound, he's probably my favorite character in the books...is anyone else disapointed on how little they are using him?He does not have much page-time early in the novel, tho they sure missed some key dialog in the Sansa punishment scene.Rory will get plenty of screen time later this season, in fact one of the most poignant scenes in the whole of SoIaF happens.
1766	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Im ready for some develoemt here as well.  Even if it was just a 30 secos scene with sandor and sansa on the side or one comment during sansa's beating.
1767	sennahoj	2012-04-24	Well, in the books he does a lot of standing in the background and looking menacing, so I wouldn't say they are not using him enough. I am expecting him to have more screentime come the riot and the battle.
1768	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	He doesn't have as big a role as Tyrion or some other characters, but I agree with you. A substantial portion of his lines have already been cut. In the books, the Hound also escorts Sansa to the scene we saw in Sunday night's episode. She picks up on his body language and tension and asks why Joff is asking for her. This interaction really adds to the tension and worry of what is to come next. One of the conversations he has with her, filled with some of his best lines, has also apparently been dropped.
1769	Rapsie	2012-04-24	Neither the Hound or Sansa's characters have been given much screen time at all. I think Ros has had more screen time than Sansa, Stannis or Dany at this point. It might come later in the season though.
1770	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	Neither the Hound or Sansa's characters have been given much screen time at all. I think Ros has had more screen time than Sansa, Stannis or Dany at this point. It might come later in the season though.I'm enough of a nerd to time the lengths of some scenes, you are absolutely correct. Sansa is another character that I've been pretty upset over.
1771	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	He doesn't have as big a role as Tyrion or some other characters, but I agree with you. A substantial portion of his lines have already been cut. In the books, the Hound also escorts Sansa to the scene we saw in Sunday night's episode. She picks up on his body language and tension and asks why Joff is asking for her. This interaction really adds to the tension and worry of what is to come next. One of the conversations he has with her, filled with some of his best lines, has also apparently been dropped.I know. It seems like an odd priority to add more random non-book scenes and to remove so much of the build up of the Sansa - Hound stuff that takes place in ACOK. It will make the Battle of the Blackwater stuff seem like it will come straight out of left field. It also means we won't really get any insight into the Hound'sm character and so far we've seen almost nothing about his constant rage or his implacable hatred for his brother either.
1772	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	I know. It seems like an odd priority to add more random non-book scenes and to remove so much of the build up of the Sansa - Hound stuff that takes place in ACOK. It will make the Battle of the Blackwater stuff seem like it will come straight out of left field. It also means we won't really get any insight into the Hound'sm character and so far we've seen almost nothing about his constant rage or his implacable hatred for his brother either.Agree. Out of all the more significant characters in the book, he has been gutted the most. I have friends IRL who have only seen the show and don't understand why I love him so much. He's not The Hound, he's Joff's sad little puppy dog. As for the interactions between him and Sansa, I've been incredibly disapointed. I'm a SanSan fan so that is part of it but they have really gutted this as well.  I believe that Sunday's episode will be used to develop their relationship further. However, much of the complexity will be gone. Sandor will react to Joffrey's sadism and will feel a need to protect her further. In other words, he'll be protecting the poor little kid from the big bad school yard bully. From what we have seen so far, none of his future story arc will make any sense.
1773	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	Agree. Out of all the more significant characters in the book, he has been gutted the most. I have friends IRL who have only seen the show and don't understand why I love him so much. He's not The Hound, he's Joff's sad little puppy dog.As for the interactions between him and Sansa, I've been incredibly disapointed. I'm a SanSan fan so that is part of it but they have really gutted this as well.  I believe that Sunday's episode will be used to develop their relationship further. However, much of the complexity will be gone. Sandor will react to Joffrey's sadism and will feel a need to protect her further. In other words, he'll be protecting the poor little kid from the big bad school yard bully.From what we have seen so far, none of his future story arc will make any sense.Well, I guess it could be possible to "save" some exposition for when he's travelling with Arya? But that would make the drama and the "inexplicability" of his behaviour and the conflicting parts of his character you know, less interesting. But I guess what with TV and all, something needs to be cut, and perhaps his elevation to fan favourite was unintentional? I think a lot of people are pretty good at picking up subtleties in the books and weren't fooled by him being introduced as a villain though. Same as most people seem to think better thoughts of Jaime Lannister of ASOS than Jaime Lannister of AGOT (and Stannis as of ADWD too, in many ways).On the other hand, him being more submissive to Joffrey hammers home that he actually did not have any authority to act like he did in ACOK with regards to Sansa. He really is just Joffrey's dog and can't do anything about Joffrey being the little arse he is. Lying to save Sansa's posterior twice and attempting to interrupt the beatings were actually him "failing" at his job, so to speak.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 24 April 2012 - 08:24 AM.
1774	Queen of Winter	2012-04-24	@Lyanna & kittykatknits -- Agree with everything that you've mentioned here. Their character dymanics have really disappointed me in the TV series. In the books, much of Sandor's interactions (or interventions on her behalf) with Sansa are sort of subtle, so maybe producers thought they might have a problem conveying that to screen(?) /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
1775	Balefont	2012-04-24	Given that the writers have shifted much of Cersei's cunning and evilness to Joffrey in the show (imo) and given Joffrey more confidence in his position as king, having the Hound opening defy him in any manner in public and Joff not freaking out on him and punishing him would not fit with the way things are being handled in the show.
That said, book Sandor's role, while important and wonderfully subtle, is still quite minor in relation to many of the other characters.  He is there for Sansa's character growth and later for Arya's revenge and then "protection".  He is a catalyst for the more major characters yet is not a major character himself. 
Ros' space-taking could be much better allotted to other characters but I don't think the Hound would be the most practical application of the additional time.  I actually think Sansa is being stiffed.  We're missing out on her transformation from being hopeful and innocent passing to despair then resolution then hope (later) and then whatever she may become beyond Dance.
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 24 April 2012 - 08:31 AM.
1776	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	@Lyanna & kittykatknits -- Agree with everything that you've mentioned here. Their character dymanics have really disappointed me in the TV series. In the books, much of Sandor's interactions (or interventions on her behalf) with Sansa are sort of subtle, so maybe producers thought they might have a problem conveying that to screen(?) /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />Yes, maybe that's it, so it has to be made more...I dunno, obvious? Which is fine, I guess as long as it's there, or they'd just have to cut the BotBW scene as well. Maybe they'll use the beating scene as some sort of starting point, since Sandor seems to be looking away in disgust at Joffrey's actions. And where is Dontos? As he's already been "saved" he should be knocking around somewhere.Also, Tyrion's reaction to Sansa, was that meant to foreshadow that he will agree to marry her rather quickly? It seemed oddly out of place. I know lots of people loved his comment, but I felt like a big questionmark.Ros' space-taking could be much better allotted to other characters but I don't think the Hound would be the most practical application of the additional time.  I actually think Sansa is being stiffed.  We're missing out on her transformation from being hopeful and innocent passing to despair then resolution then hope (later) and then whatever she may become beyond Dance.I agree, Sansa has very little screen time, but maybe that will change in the later episodes nearer tBotBW.That said, book Sandor's role, while important and wonderfully subtle, is still quite minor in relation to many of the other characters.  He is there for Sansa's character growth and later for Arya's revenge and then "protection".  He is a catalyst for the more major characters yet is not a major character himself.On this I disagree thought, since I think he is about as "minor" as Littlefinger, Jorah Mormont or perhaps Roose Bolton, i.e. not a POV character but definitely not a minor one. But, you know, YMMV.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 24 April 2012 - 08:35 AM.
1777	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	I know. It seems like an odd priority to add more random non-book scenes and to remove so much of the build up of the Sansa - Hound stuff that takes place in ACOK. It will make the Battle of the Blackwater stuff seem like it will come straight out of left field. It also means we won't really get any insight into the Hound'sm character and so far we've seen almost nothing about his constant rage or his implacable hatred for his brother either.The entire battle will appear to come out of left field if they keep things going the way they have been.  It's pretty bad right now.  We're 40% of the way through the series and not a single peep about KL being under any sort of peril at all.
1778	the hound of sansa	2012-04-24	ah sandor, how i've missed you in the show...
Kittykatknits the same thing has happened to me. my friends could'nt understand why i love him so much
his interactions with sansa are extinct. i hope we get at least one scene betwwen them before blackwater
and not only he has small screen time, but whenever he speaks , he acts like a concerned uncle of sansa who feels sad about the way she is treated! where is his hatred and his madness??
1779	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	The entire battle will appear to come out of left field if they keep things going the way they have been.  It's pretty bad right now.  We're 40% of the way through the series and not a single peep about KL being under any sort of peril at all.Well, that makes sense since Stannis hasn't killed Renly yet, which should happen early in the next episode, and we can't have the BoTB take like 4 episodes either, as much as I love it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1780	Queen of Winter	2012-04-24	Yes, maybe that's it, so it has to be made more...I dunno, obvious? Which is fine, I guess as long as it's there, or they'd just have to cut the BotBW scene as well. Maybe they'll use the beating scene as some sort of starting point, since Sandor seems to be looking away in disgust at Joffrey's actions. And where is Dontos? As he's already been "saved" he should be knocking around somewhere.They totally cut Dontos from that scene. I was gutted they left all those little bits out! They definitely added to the story, and fleshed out Sansaâ<U+0080><U+0099>s arc.I agree, maybe theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll use the beating scene as a â<U+0080><U+009C>jumping onâ<U+0080><U+009D> point, but I cringe when I think of how theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll probably wind up butchering Sansa and the Houndâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scene at the Battle of the Blackwater.Also, Tyrion's reaction to Sansa, was that meant to foreshadow that he will agree to marry her rather quickly? It seemed oddly out of place. I know lots of people loved his comment, but I felt like a big questionmark.Yeah, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure how I feel about that one. However, I agree it was a little strange.Edit: spelling
					
					
							Edited by Queen of Winter, 24 April 2012 - 09:30 AM.
1781	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Well, that makes sense since Stannis hasn't killed Renly yet, which should happen early in the next episode, and we can't have the BoTB take like 4 episodes either, as much as I love it. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />In the book there was a lot of paranoia within KL (especially from Cersei) by now and Tyrion was well into the development of his chain and the meetings with the pyromancers.
1782	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	I'm also worried that the Hound has had so little screen time. I'm afraid that when he has to play a bigger role, it won't work. Even a line or two or just a few seconds with Sansa might have made a huge difference. And as a Sandor/Sansa fan, I'm disappointed as well. I loved their scenes in the books.
1783	Howdyphillip	2012-04-24	The other comment that I would have to make about the Hound's lines being cut this week is that it did allow Peter Dinkledge to shine again. In my opinion, it is more important for the television audience to realize that he is the power in King's Landing right now even more so than Joffery.
I love the Hound in the books as well, but there is only so much screen time in this series. I would rather that Tyrion's role be reinforced then Sandor's. It has already been established that he has Sansa's back in the first episode when he agrees that killing on a name day would bring bad luck,
1784	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	I think the Hound's finest (or not so finest) hours are to come. Him drunkenly approaching Sansa in during the Battle of Blackwater, "saving" Arya far off down the line. It's a shame they're cutting so much but I think they'll address it later.
1785	Lannes	2012-04-24	I just don't understand why they are not giving him the lines.
The throne room scene is a perfect example. Both the Hound and Ser Dontos could have said their lines and no one in the viewing audience would have been confused or befuddled or anything else. It would have made that scene all the better....
But I guess we had to make room for Ros in the next scene. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
I get it. I know things have to be trimmed, cut, slashed, moved around, revised, etc...
I also get that they are leaving out small, inexpensive things that would make the show richer and better.
1786	Carne	2012-04-24	I just don't understand why they are not giving him the lines.The throne room scene is a perfect example. Both the Hound and Ser Dontos could have said their lines and no one in the viewing audience would have been confused or befuddled or anything else. It would have made that scene all the better....But I guess we had to make room for Ros in the next scene. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />I get it. I know things have to be trimmed, cut, slashed, moved around, revised, etc...I also get that they are leaving out small, inexpensive things that would make the show richer and better.Actor playing Dontos said they cut his lines in the court room scene /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />.As for the Hound, this will please some people I guess:http://29.media.tumb...e1ryo1_1280.jpg
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 24 April 2012 - 11:26 AM.
1787	So1ar	2012-04-24	as good as the show is, it is not without faults. ros having more scenes than sansa and the hound can never be forgiven. and the hound is probably in my top 5 characters for the whole series. a little part of me is going to die inside if he goesn't give this line, "there are no true knights, same as there are no gods. if you can't defend yourself then die and get out of the way of those who can. strong arms and sharp steel rule this world. don't ever believe any different".
so david and dan, if you can't give the hound his awesome lines then die and get out of the way of those who can! well...maybe not die that's a little strong, but stop watering down his rage/madness/badass personality! they amplify the sex, violence, and ros scenes but not the hound? gtfo.
nerd rant over.
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 24 April 2012 - 11:30 AM.
1788	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	Well, I guess it could be possible to "save" some exposition for when he's travelling with Arya? But that would make the drama and the "inexplicability" of his behaviour and the conflicting parts of his character you know, less interesting. But I guess what with TV and all, something needs to be cut, and perhaps his elevation to fan favourite was unintentional? I think a lot of people are pretty good at picking up subtleties in the books and weren't fooled by him being introduced as a villain though. Same as most people seem to think better thoughts of Jaime Lannister of ASOS than Jaime Lannister of AGOT (and Stannis as of ADWD too, in many ways).On the other hand, him being more submissive to Joffrey hammers home that he actually did not have any authority to act like he did in ACOK with regards to Sansa. He really is just Joffrey's dog and can't do anything about Joffrey being the little arse he is. Lying to save Sansa's posterior twice and attempting to interrupt the beatings were actually him "failing" at his job, so to speak.I don't think his elevation was that much of a surprise to him. I remember reading an interview with Martin some time ago and he talked about this. He was surprised that Darkstar was not more of a fan favorite considering how popular Sandor was. So who knows? But, as of now, unless something significant happens in the next couple episodes, I do not see how his future arc will make any sense.Good point about him being so submissive to Joffrey. As a reader, I can see all that. I don't know if that will be obvious to those who only watch the shows though....@Lyanna & kittykatknits -- Agree with everything that you've mentioned here. Their character dymanics have really disappointed me in the TV series. In the books, much of Sandor's interactions (or interventions on her behalf) with Sansa are sort of subtle, so maybe producers thought they might have a problem conveying that to screen(?) /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />It's quite possible. I've noticed that the show this season has focused on character/scenes that have more of an action focus which is why I think the two of them have been waylaid so far. It is also my belief that him see/overhearing Joff with the prostitute will be what stirs Sandor to take a more active role with Sansa. So, he will be strictly a protector for her. My frustration is that this will eliminiate much of the dynamics between the two of them.
1789	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	ah sandor, how i've missed you in the show...Kittykatknits the same thing has happened to me. my friends could'nt understand why i love him so muchhis interactions with sansa are extinct. i hope we get at least one scene betwwen them before blackwaterand not only he has small screen time, but whenever he speaks , he acts like a concerned uncle of sansa who feels sad about the way she is treated! where is his hatred and his madness??I agree, maybe theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll use the beating scene as a â<U+0080><U+009C>jumping onâ<U+0080><U+009D> point, but I cringe when I think of how theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll probably wind up butchering Sansa and the Houndâ<U+0080><U+0099>s scene at the Battle of the Blackwater.Yeah, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m not sure how I feel about that one. However, I agree it was a little strange.Edit: spellingI don't know if this is a comfort or not but I just got back from a workout with a friend of mine. Her and her husband did a marathon viewing of season one over the weekend and caught up to episode four yesterday. We spent the hour going over the show and answering her questions. She picked up on Sandor's feelings for Sansa all the way back in season one and noticed that he put the cloak on her. She also thought he was disgusted during that scene as well. She also thought it was great that Tyrion recognized what she was doing with his "Lady Stark" line. On the downside, she did not quite realize that Sansa was acting and lying about her love for Joff either. So, I guess the producers got some of what they wanted across but not all?
1790	jblair	2012-04-24	He is far too "nice." All of the shots of him involve sympathetic expressions or a tension-filled lack of expression. There is no rage, no fury, no cynicism. During the Tourney he almost seemed meekly grateful for the accolades. Huh? The Bookhound truly doesn't give a rat's ass what anyone thinks of him, and his self-loathing leads to a combative personality, not an overtly submissive one. He's one of the most complicated characters in the books, so I see the writers' issues in fleshing him out. However, love him or hate him I think we can all reasonably agree that he is a complete and utter asshole.
1791	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	I don't think his elevation was that much of a surprise to him. I remember reading an interview with Martin some time ago and he talked about this. He was surprised that Darkstar was not more of a fan favorite considering how popular Sandor was. So who knows? But, as of now, unless something significant happens in the next couple episodes, I do not see how his future arc will make any sense.Darkstar maims a little girl and runs off. Sandor saves Sansa from a riot, saves Arya at the Red Wedding, kills Beric despite being hung over and facing a flaming sword, storms a ship on horseback, cries extremely manly tears and is generally an overall BAMF. And Sandor is not "off the night" either, which helps a lot. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />On the downside, she did not quite realize that Sansa was acting and lying about her love for Joff either. So, I guess the producers got some of what they wanted across but not all?I thought that was fairly well established in the dinner scene with Cersei, Tommen and Myrcella.
					
					
							Edited by Lyanna Stark, 24 April 2012 - 12:21 PM.
1792	Blangadanger	2012-04-24	Well although he doesn't say anything during Sansa's beating, they do give him and up-close shot looking very anxious and disturbed. I think there is some tension on the screen, but he hasn't truly opened up yet. I think it was clear to most viewers that the Hound wasn't thinking only of his king's safety when Joffrey was showing Sansa the heads. The Hound's got to get away from tv-Joffrey first, who is a controlling, paranoid freak on the show.
1793	Balefont	2012-04-24	The Hound also runs down the butcher's boy. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
1794	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	The Hound also runs down the butcher's boy. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Yep, since the Butcher's boy laid a hand on a prince of the blood, and not out of a sense of fun and enjoyment, unlike his brother's dismemberment of Vargo Hoat, for instance. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1795	Davos55	2012-04-24	He is one of the most amazing characters in the series and has truly been underutilized and butchered so far.
There is still hope, and his best parts are yet to come, but D&D should know that he is a fan favorite and really start cranking out some scenes with him.  I was so excited when he actually got lines this episode, and then all he did was tell Joffrey about Tyrion's "gift" for Joffrey. Then a pointless and overly long scene with Ros, which could have been a chance to show the Hound's reactions to the screams inside, but nope..nothing!!
Please, less Ros..more Hound, more Sansa.
Honest question..does anyone care about Ros?
1796	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-04-24	I could care less about Ros as she takes away from the story.....i appreciate her being background filler but they are making her into an actual character which she is NOT
1797	Woman of War	2012-04-24	Balefont, on 24 April 2012 - 06:27 PM, said:The Hound also runs down the butcher's boy.Yep, since the Butcher's boy laid a hand on a prince of the blood, and not out of a sense of fun and enjoyment, unlike his brother's dismemberment of Vargo Hoat, for instance.The fact that he coldly followed orders to murder a child is even worse than having done it out of greed or passion. Let's not belittle the fact that Sandor is a cruel killer, there is no need for it, having done truly evil things doesn't make this character less interesting.
1798	turdle	2012-04-24	some others have touched on this, but what really bothers me about the HBO series is that they seem so concerned with adding to the series at the expense of things that already exist.  at this point, it seems like the show is at about a 25% - from the book, 75% - not from the book ratio in these last few episodes. and even the things that are from the books, are often multiple scenes slammed together into one.  and then you get these long, drawn out scenes that were created just for the show.  most of the time they're well done, well acted, but they take away time from everything else.  two examples are ros and little finger, and joffrey and ros+other whore.  i think both of those scenes were pretty good, but they're so long, and unnecessary and when the show is over you think back to them and you're like, "wow, they could have actually spent time on things that really mattered instead of that."  it just reeks of arrogance to me. they spend all this screen time on LF and ros, and then the theon + asha/yara scene is as bare fucking bones as possible. hey HBO, i like asha more than i like ros. more asha, less ros please.
1799	Caro99	2012-04-24	i am hoping that they will make up for the lack of San/San moments in epsiode 5. i may be wrong, but i think that the new pic that's been released with the two of them on the serpentine steps will happen next episode, so we have that and the riot and the BoBW for sure... hopefully they'll be able to put in the roof-top scene and the serpentine steps dialogue as well- at this point i don't even care if they combine them, i just want more scenes with sandor!!!! it's clear he isn't the sandor from the books (though i still picture rory when i read the books) so he'll probably be "nicer" to sansa, but to actually cut his lines just so that he can introduce ross and the other girl, and the fact that they "stole" the san/san interction in order to place tyrion admiring sansa is just wrong! they'll be able to show that failed marriage in season 3, so why can't they leave us san/san fans the moments with these two when they won't be together for the next 3 books!? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i was almost crying when sandor put the cloak on sansa this last episode even if he didn't say "enough" only to have tyrion ruining a little bit. i'm happy he rescued sansa from joff, but if they had given us the scene with the hound escorting sansa to the throne room it would all have been much better.
i guess that if by the end they manage to show a nice riot rescue and the BoBW really well done, i might just forgive the producers for white-washing sandor's character... well, maybe not, but i'll be less dissapointed.
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 24 April 2012 - 05:36 PM.
1800	turdle	2012-04-24	i am hoping that they will make up for the lack of San/San moments in epsiode 5. i may be wrong, but i think that the new pic that's been released with the two of them on the serpentine steps will happen next episode, so we have that and the riot and the BoBW for sure... hopefully they'll be able to put in the roof-top scene and the serpentine steps dialogue as well- at this point i don't even care if they combine them, i just want more scenes with sandor!!!! it's clear he isn't the sandor from the books (though i still picture rory when i read the books) so he'll probably be "nicer" to sansa, but to actually cut his lines just so that he can introduce ross and the other girl, and the fact that they "stole" the san/san interction in order to place tyrion admiring sansa is just wrong! they'll be able to show that failed marriage in season 3, so why can't they leave us san/san fans the moments with these two when they won't be together for the next 3 books!? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i was almost crying when sandor put the cloak on sansa this last episode even if he didn't say "enough" only to have tyrion ruining a little bit. i'm happy he rescued sansa from joff, but if they had given us the scene with the hound escorting sansa to the throne room it would all have been much better.i guess that if by the end they manage to show a nice riot rescue and the BoBW really well done, i might just forgive the producers for white-washing sandor's character... well, maybe not, but i'll be less dissapointed.at this point, i honestly hope they just skip the sansa and sandor bits.  they haven't set them up at all, so don't bother trying to force them in at the last minute.  i'd rather they just left that for those who read the books to enjoy, because, as far as i'm concerned, we're past the point where it will be effective. i personally did not get the sense that they were trying to set up tyrion and sansa story line from this episode.  to me, it seemed like tyrion was meerly acknowledging the hell that the girl was going through. at least i hope they're not setting that up. that story thread should not be setup in anyway. it should never cross the viewers mind until tywinn says it.
1801	Caro99	2012-04-24	at this point, i honestly hope they just skip the sansa and sandor bits.  they haven't set them up at all, so don't bother trying to force them in at the last minute.  i'd rather they just left that for those who read the books to enjoy, because, as far as i'm concerned, we're past the point where it will be effective. i personally did not get the sense that they were trying to set up tyrion and sansa story line from this episode.  to me, it seemed like tyrion was meerly acknowledging the hell that the girl was going through. at least i hope they're not setting that up. that story thread should not be setup in anyway. it should never cross the viewers mind until tywinn says it.agree with you on them not showing so early anything regarding the tyrion/sansa future. but i did get that vibe when i watched it- guess it was just peter's lingering gaze that did it for me knowing what happens, but i'll ask some friends what did they think about these two in this scene..oh but i just couldn't bear it if they skip the whole san/san thing! if they do that maybe it could really just be a hint at the producers asking geroge if any san/san future for the next books is possible and him saying that since there isn't, it's all right for them not to show it this season. and that would just be wrong... still, i read a short interview where david benioff said sophie turner was very nervous about a scene where she had to sing, so i'll keep my fingers crossed that scene is meant to be the one from the BoBW rather than her just singing at the sept before the battle- nice as that moment was.
1802	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	i am hoping that they will make up for the lack of San/San moments in epsiode 5. i may be wrong, but i think that the new pic that's been released with the two of them on the serpentine steps will happen next episode, so we have that and the riot and the BoBW for sure... hopefully they'll be able to put in the roof-top scene and the serpentine steps dialogue as well- at this point i don't even care if they combine them, i just want more scenes with sandor!!!! it's clear he isn't the sandor from the books (though i still picture rory when i read the books) so he'll probably be "nicer" to sansa, but to actually cut his lines just so that he can introduce ross and the other girl, and the fact that they "stole" the san/san interction in order to place tyrion admiring sansa is just wrong! they'll be able to show that failed marriage in season 3, so why can't they leave us san/san fans the moments with these two when they won't be together for the next 3 books!? /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />  i was almost crying when sandor put the cloak on sansa this last episode even if he didn't say "enough" only to have tyrion ruining a little bit. i'm happy he rescued sansa from joff, but if they had given us the scene with the hound escorting sansa to the throne room it would all have been much better.i guess that if by the end they manage to show a nice riot rescue and the BoBW really well done, i might just forgive the producers for white-washing sandor's character... well, maybe not, but i'll be less dissapointed.Yep!!I did think it was nice that Tyrion acknowledged Sansa in that way. I think it could help non-book readers understand Sansa's strengths a bit better. However, in the books it was Sandor who saw her courtesy as armor. He mocked her for it but he was the one that saw the strength. Tyrion dismissed her as being rather empty headed. For me, this was just another example of them making Tyrion the super aweso hero of the series at the expense of others.
1803	teemo	2012-04-24	I've been really disappointed with Sandor so far.  Rory is such an excellent actor as shown from his audition and can play the Hound wonderfully, but he's being held back.  I doubt that most casual viewers can even name him.  They might know him as "dog" at best.
He is one of my favorite characters too, but I don't see how he could be anyone's favorite tv character.  He's really done nothing of importance so far.  And I think the relationship between him and Sansa in the books was a meaningful one.  It's a shame they have decided to pretty much omit it in the show.  But there's still some time...
I can only imagine how the Sansa/Sandor shippers are feeling right now.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 April 2012 - 06:47 PM.
1804	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	Also, for those that are worried about us not seeing anything, I really would not worry. 
-HBO's web site has the character description of Sandor Clegane flat out stating that he has a "soft spot for Sansa Stark."
-There is also an interview with one of the producers, I forget which, who explicitly states that Sandor is attracted to Sansa.
- In one of the DVD commentaries, Martin describes the scene between the two of them when he takes her to Cersei as being "beautiful".
- In another DVD commentary, it is also stated that SanSan is in this season but that it will just "play out a bit differently". I think this different is where much of our frustration comes from.
- Martin wrote the Blackwater bay sequence. He has confirmed that the SanSan scene is included. We also know that Sophie has said that singing a song has been the hardest thing she has had to do this season.
So, based upon all of the above something will happen. The question will be whether or not it is enough to make us all happy.
1805	TheTrueMithrandir	2012-04-24	talked about this a bit in another thread, here is what i said already:
this is becoming one of the most disappointing aspects of the show for me, this Hound is definitely not The Hound of the book...who is supposed to be abrasive, obnoxious, and extremely TALKATIVE! so much to the point you wish he'd shut the hell up after a while, lol
and their failing with The Hound can't be attributed to budget limitations and time restraints and whatever other excuses they throw out there, just lazy writing, give him a few of those great brash lines from the book to at least inflate his character a bit! and the actor should at least 'try' to act the part, it's not that difficult to act like a loudmouthed A-hole, ya know?
1806	Drowned Priest	2012-04-24	I don't like how HBO is cutting minor characters and certain scenes for no reason. What do we get as replacement? Renly's sex life? Whores played by slutty pornstars? It's annoying
1807	Caro99	2012-04-24	Yep!!I did think it was nice that Tyrion acknowledged Sansa in that way. I think it could help non-book readers understand Sansa's strengths a bit better. However, in the books it was Sandor who saw her courtesy as armor. He mocked her for it but he was the one that saw the strength. Tyrion dismissed her as being rather empty headed. For me, this was just another example of them making Tyrion the super aweso hero of the series at the expense of others. /agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  tyrion was certainly not admiring sansa's ability to lie despite everything to stay alive. one of the reasons he wants to keep her as far away from joff's wrath as possible is so the starks don't harm jaime. when they are back at the red keep after the riot, he thinks 1st of jaime, and wants to have sansa back with them mainly so his brother won't be killed in revenge. if they had shown sandor escorting sansa to the throne room and saying, "They trained you well, little bird," after she claims Robb is a traitor, then people who haven't read the books would see that he gets what she is trying to do..and about your latest post, yes i had forgotten some of those points! i asked bryan cogman last week over at winteriscoming about how diffrently San/san would be portrayed this season, & he replied that it will indeed be explored. it's just that at times frustration wins /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />and hk47, you're right, Rory did an amazing job in his audition, so if they hired him cause of it, why did they cut not only that partiular scene but most of his character so far..?
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 24 April 2012 - 10:00 PM.
1808	Kittykatknits	2012-04-24	/agree.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':agree:' />  tyrion was certainly not admiring sansa's ability to lie despite everything to stay alive. one of the reasons he wants to keep her as far away from joff's wrath as possible is so the starks don't harm jaime. when they are back at the red keep after the riot, he thinks 1st of jaime, and wants to have sansa back with them mainly so his brother won't be killed in revenge. if they had shown sandor escorting sansa to the throne room and saying, "They trained you well, little bird," after she claims Robb is a traitor, then people who haven't read the books would see that he gets what she is trying to do..and about your latest post, yes i had forgotten some of those points! i asked bryan cogman last week over at winteriscoming about how diffrently San/san would be explored, &amp; he replied that it will indeed be explored. it's just that at times frustration wins /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />and hk47, you're right, Rory did an amazing job in his audition, so if they hired him cause of it, why did they cut not only that partiular scene but most of his character so far..?I'm desperately hoping we are going to start seeing his character after this last episode. Would you happen to have a link to that discussion over at winteriscoming? I'd love to read more. I'm heading over there now to look.
1809	Honey Badger	2012-04-24	San/San needs to start, and the Hound needs more screen time.  He's an important character when you consider his brutality mixed with his desire to protect Sansa, his fear of fire, and his hatred for his brother.  We aren't going to get a good payoff with the Blackwater and him getting burned if they don't get started with the Hound storyline.
1810	Caro99	2012-04-24	I'm desperately hoping we are going to start seeing his character after this last episode.Would you happen to have a link to that discussion over at winteriscoming? I'd love to read more. I'm heading over there now to look.yeah, here it is: http://winteriscomin...terviewed-live/but since there are many comments this is what he replied about it:"Hiya. Thanks for your question. I just meant that it plays out a bit differently since LF gave the info instead of Houndâ<U+0080>¦ but that the relationship is still explored."
1811	boojam	2012-04-25	yeah, here it is: http://winteriscomin...terviewed-live/but since there are many comments this is what he replied about it:"Hiya. Thanks for your question. I just meant that it plays out a bit differently since LF gave the info instead of Houndâ<U+0080>¦ but that the relationship is still explored."I liked that interview with Bryan Cogman , he is very knowledgeable of books.I don't know what's going on this season, but , without any evidence, I get the impression that George is not as closely consulted as last year, that D&D are very burdened with basic production work and that producers, story editors, and teleplay writers have not spent enough time thinking things through.Don't get me wrong, there is no show on TV I would rather watch, and I have been and remain immensely entertained... but I don't see the same organizational magic it saw last year (except for production design which just remains amazing.)
1812	Chelly	2012-04-25	I feel better with the conformation, but I'm still impatient. /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> I just love their dynamic and Rory Mccan is fantastic as the Hound, I always want to see more him. I'm sooo happy that Blackwater scene will be in this season. That was one of the scenes in ACoK, that I really wanted to see play out in season 2.
1813	Elba the Intoner	2012-04-25	I guess just a general comment about the Hound, he's probably my favorite character in the books...is anyone else disapointed on how little they are using him?In a word - YES!The one that really got me upset was last week in episode 3 when they showed Sansa in her room.  I thought "Oh good.  She is going to get the note to go to the Godswood and hopefully she'll run into Sandor on the way back too."  Then there's a knock on the door, Sansa opens it, and ... it's Shae.  Shae!? Are you effing kidding me?  Another precious few minutes therein wasted.
1814	Queen of Winter	2012-04-25	It's quite possible. I've noticed that the show this season has focused on character/scenes that have more of an action focus which is why I think the two of them have been waylaid so far. It is also my belief that him see/overhearing Joff with the prostitute will be what stirs Sandor to take a more active role with Sansa. So, he will be strictly a protector for her. My frustration is that this will eliminiate much of the dynamics between the two of them.Yeah, I thought that might be a possibility as well. I do agree and understand how that Sandor just being a 'protector' for her would frustate you, because it frustrates me! /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> *sigh*
1815	Caro99	2012-04-25	I liked that interview with Bryan Cogman , he is very knowledgeable of books.I don't know what's going on this season, but , without any evidence, I get the impression that George is not as closely consulted as last year, that D&D are very burdened with basic production work and that producers, story editors, and teleplay writers have not spent enough time thinking things through.Don't get me wrong, there is no show on TV I would rather watch, and I have been and remain immensely entertained... but I don't see the same organizational magic it saw last year (except for production design which just remains amazing.)i agree. i think this season is surpassing the last one if some things, but the story itself isn't as closley based as we saw before. this is also my favorite show and HBO is the most acurate thing we can get to see adapted from ASOIAFM but it justs seems as if they are caring only about big battles and evil vs.good main guys. i guess i mean like what they're doing with cersei/joff and robb/cat. they probably think it's more "popular" to have robb with a bigger role and joff as the meanest of lannisters whitewashing his mother in a way.and so i get the feeling that they prefer to show ross and her "talent" rather than sansa and sandor.@Chelly, agree i can't wait to see the blackwater scene either. for me it's my favorite part in the whole series /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Caro99, 25 April 2012 - 04:31 PM.
1816	congokong	2012-04-25	He's just another swordsman in the show. He has no personality at all. He barely speaks. We know nothing of his philosophy on knights and admiration for dogs. He's never called Sansa "little bird" either. Building his character now will seem a bit awkward but they will have to if they mean to have him travel with Arya in the future.
1817	wolverine	2012-04-25	-There is also an interview with one of the producers, I forget which, who explicitly states that Sandor is attracted to Sansa.Isn't just about every male in Westeros attracted to Sansa at some level?
1818	Kittykatknits	2012-04-26	I wouln't go that far. But the fact that one of the producers would go into their relationship at length, state flat out that he is attracted to Sansa, and then give several reasons why is significant - regardless of other men's feelings towards her.
1819	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-29	.He's just another swordsman in the show. He has no personality at all. He barely speaks. We know nothing of his philosophy on knights and admiration for dogs. He's never called Sansa "little bird" either. Building his character now will seem a bit awkward but they will have to if they mean to have him travel with Arya in the future.If it's completely removed it would be a bit backwards to build the character up during the Arya bit tho. The reason that part of ASOS was interesting was due to us already knowing some of the Hound's personality, and now got to see it through Arya's eyes instead of Sansa's.Besides, I think everyone will mourn if the epic fight with Arya and Sandor vs the Tickler and Polliver at the Inn is be gone.
1820	House Snow	2012-04-29	It would suck for that to be taken out but unless they start adding some additional characters next episode it seems like at least one of them will go.  They can waste one on the nameless guy holding the torch during the torture scene.  but who else can she name.
1821	Ser Tom Tarly	2012-04-30	I hope they do build on the Hounds character, we havent really seen enough of him so far but its the same with a few other characters. Im afraid we get too many pointless sex scenes that either arent in the book or could be dropped from the show to make way for important scenes. The Renly/Loras, Renly/Margery scenes werent really that necessary.
I agree, Id like to see more of the Hound as he should have a bigger part to play later on, Im partiularly looking forward to his scenes with Arya.
1822	Jamie Lannister	2012-05-02	Were they so pressed for time that they couldn't let Rory rasp "enough"? That one word added so much more to the dynamics of that scene.
1823	Davos55	2012-05-02	Were they so pressed for time that they couldn't let Rory rasp "enough"? That one word added so much more to the dynamics of that scene.It really makes no sense that they cut that out, especially since at one point they pan to Sandor's reaction while Sansa is getting beaten. He just has a slight grimaced look on his face. It would have taken one second to include this line, and it would have made a huge difference.
1824	Breadbutt	2012-04-30	there were a few scenes in this episode that used the same incredible, beautifully ominous score. (among them the closing scene) 
anyone have any idea who composed it or what it's called? I really want to put it on my mp3 player and walk around listening to it, making everything I see seem ominous and tragic.
thank you for your help.
1825	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-26	Is anyone under the opinion that the character of Brynden 'Blackfish' Tully, might not be portrayed in the TV series. He was already not shown in the first season, even though he was the one who first greets Lady Cat, and her prisoner Tyrion, on their way to see Lysa in the Vale. My hopes are that he is indeed included, but i cant remember when exactly he shows himself again in Book 2. In this forum, mostly everyone's opinion of the Blackfish, is that he is the coolest dude in Westeros, and I agree with that.
1826	boojam	2012-04-27	Is anyone under the opinion that the character of Brynden 'Blackfish' Tully, might not be portrayed in the TV series. He was already not shown in the first season, even though he was the one who first greets Lady Cat, and her prisoner Tyrion, on their way to see Lysa in the Vale. My hopes are that he is indeed included, but i cant remember when exactly he shows himself again in Book 2. In this forum, mostly everyone's opinion of the Blackfish, is that he is the coolest dude in Westeros, and I agree with that.They do have a lot of characters to keep track of, but the Blackfish does play an important role in Robb's army.He does appear in CoK but is also off stage a lot.Then he has a lot of dialog in SoS , I really don't know what they are going to do about him, he is in the first four novels. I don't know what George is going to do about him by book 5 he has gone off stage, but is still lurking.
1827	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	They had to reserve that screen time for made up whores it seems /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />
1828	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-27	They had to reserve that screen time for made up whores it seems /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' />Sadly but it looks to be very true; but hey the person of Ros may in fact turn out to be the long lost Direwolf 'Nymeria'
1829	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	Sadly but it looks to be very true; but hey the person of Ros may in fact turn out to be the long lost Direwolf 'Nymeria' /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />
1830	Crown	2012-04-27	I also think Brynden is a badass, and he definitely deserves a role in the series. I think they're going to introduce the Tully's early next season (Hoster, Edmure and Brynden) in Riverrun.
1831	Humphrey Plantagenet	2012-04-28	I also think Brynden is a badass, and he definitely deserves a role in the series. I think they're going to introduce the Tully's early next season (Hoster, Edmure and Brynden) in Riverrun.That late? Will we not see the Tullys & Riverrun this season?
1832	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-28	The Blackfish does not do anything much, he just acts mysterious. We are all dying to know what he argued with his brother over, but aside from that he doesn't do much. So I can see why they dropped him.
1833	Lebronn Jaime	2012-04-28	The Blackfish does not do anything much, he just acts mysterious. We are all dying to know what he argued with his brother over, but aside from that he doesn't do much. So I can see why they dropped him.We know what they argued about. Hoster wanted him to get married; Brynden refused. Some readers speculate that the Blackfish is gay.
					
					
							Edited by Lebronn Jamie, 28 April 2012 - 05:06 PM.
1834	teemo	2012-04-28	Cut.  Not even on the HBO Tully family tree.http://viewers-guide...e/houses/tully/Edmure's there though, if it makes you feel better /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 28 April 2012 - 05:35 PM.
1835	RSasoiaf	2012-04-28	I fear more and more that the whole plot around Robb and Edmure will be cut also. That there will be no "less explicit" order from Robb to hold Riverrun and do not atack. That there will be no glorious Edmure fighting Tywin off and making him be in place to reinforce Kings Landing.
I fear nothing from this will be seen.
1836	Ser Tom Tarly	2012-04-30	Im hoping he will be in next season, doesnt look likely he'll be in this one. I was dissapointed he wasnt in the first series and expected him to make an appearance in this one, hopefully he wont be cut altogether because im looking forward to finding out what happened to the Blackfish in the books.
1837	turdle	2012-04-22	what does everyone think of our first glimpse of mel's shadows? i figured they were going to combine storms end and renly's scenes into one for times sake. i thought the CGI was pretty good, but i expected it to be on the ground or wall like an actual shadow, not a 3 dimensional smoke monster.
1838	salt	2012-04-23	I too envisioned it as an actual shadow, this looked like an ink monster.  The screeching was beyond stupid.
They definitely put some cash into it, no doubt about that.  It looked as high quality as something from a movie, but I was disappointed with the interpretation.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 23 April 2012 - 04:13 AM.
1839	Arkash	2012-04-23	SHADOWBABY POWER ! This is the King Westeros needs! =D
1840	Serc	2012-04-23	Fantastically done. Might not be the same as the books, but it gets across the creepiness of the scene far, far better. It's more visually impressive (which is a good thing) and gets across the point that you do not mess with Melisandre. It's her first blatant use of magic, other than the poisoning thing which was subtle in comparison. This made up for a very lackluster and boring episode (except for some parts, which were wonderful).In the books, there's a shadow and oh hey Stannis is dead.In the show? From what I'm seeing... Blood, blood everywhere. I am very excited.The screeching was beyond stupid.Did you dislike the end of Season One, out of curiosity? I didn't mind the screeching myself.
					
					
							Edited by Serc, 23 April 2012 - 04:19 AM.
1841	Orestes	2012-04-23	I think it was awesome, far better than than I thought it would be.
I agree that the screeching thing doesn't make sense, shadows shouldn't be able to make sounds, but overall i don't mind it (I didn't even get that until I read it here).
1842	salt	2012-04-23	Did you dislike the end of Season One, out of curiosity? I didn't mind the screeching myself.Dragons screech.  A shadow version of Stannis should not. The end of the first book specifically mentions the air being filled with the song of dragons for the first time in a hundred years.  ACOK definitely did not mentioned the shadowbaby sounding like a Harry Potter monster.
1843	The Black Wolf	2012-04-23	I really liked it, they managed to make it just as creepy as I thought it would be... perhaps even more! The best moment imo was just when it starts getting out, and you just see the hands, how it's pulling itself out... *shivers*
1844	Addam	2012-04-23	It really wasn't what I was expecting, but I thought it was cool.
1845	The Unborn	2012-04-23	I didn't mind the screech at all. And It was way better than I thought, I don't know why but I always pictured a shadow on the wall. Afterall, a shadow on the wall can't very much kill you.
1846	ipsuel	2012-04-23	i always pictured a shadow as well... silent and deadly--but this was was more a dementor (eta: with legs) from harry potter... kinda comical to me, not scary... just my .02.Part of me loves what HBO's done with the books (Robb's story, for example). And part of me is not loving it (silly dementors, etc).
					
					
							Edited by ipsuel, 23 April 2012 - 06:25 AM.
1847	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	In the books, there's a shadow and oh hey Stannis is dead.In the show? From what I'm seeing... Blood, blood everywhere. I am very excited.Stannis?  The shadow killed Renly.I liked the imagery, I disliked the noise - shadows don't make noise.  Course...Ghosts didn't make noise either....
1848	OzorxOron	2012-04-23	I liked the imagery, I disliked the noiseThis is how I feel, the shadow itself looked great, the noise it made was highly unnecessary.
1849	Tyrionthebest	2012-04-23	I too envisioned it as an actual shadow, this looked like an ink monster.  The screeching was beyond stupid.They definitely put some cash into it, no doubt about that.  It looked as high quality as something from a movie, but I was disappointed with the interpretation.Dude, can you ever not find something to complain about . How was the screeching stupid, also I would like to see you do it better .
1850	Tyrionthebest	2012-04-23	i always pictured a shadow as well... silent and deadly--but this was was more a dementor (eta: with legs) from harry potter... kinda comical to me, not scary... just my .02.Part of me loves what HBO's done with the books (Robb's story, for example). And part of me is not loving it (silly dementors, etc).And how would it be better in your opinion since you seem such an expert at this ? For the budget they have  it was pretty impressive but of course someone always has to bitch about everything .
1851	Crown	2012-04-23	Shivers on my spine, to be honest. It was kinda terrifying, and I surely know that someone who hasn't read the books was really surprised.
1852	Faceless Sam	2012-04-23	season could end now, this was all i was looking forward to seeing on tv.
1853	The Monkey	2012-04-23	Why exactly are they going into some cave to kill Renly, when he is in a tent on an open field? I thought the scene was brilliantly done, but that aspect just seemed strange to me. They might have done it on the beach instead. I think it's even supposed to be underneath Storm's End in the show too, as Davos mentions that the bars weren't there the last time. (Or something to that effect.)
1854	Fez	2012-04-23	I liked it. I never envisioned it to look like some shadowy version of Stannis, despite what the text actually says, so I'm fine with something a bit more "poltergeist meets the smoke monster from Lost".
As for the screech, whatevs. It adds to the creepy factor, particularly for non-book viewers.
1855	Dracarya	2012-04-23	And how would it be better in your opinion since you seem such an expert at this ? For the budget they have  it was pretty impressive but of course someone always has to bitch about everything .Everyone's allowed an opinion. Drop the attitude and let people express what they liked and didn't like without shooting them down.As for me, I loved the Shadowbaby! My heart was in my mouth the whole time. I was too engrossed in the scene to pick up on anything bad, the CGI was immense, and I thought the whole scene was brilliant.
1856	Robin Of House Hill	2012-04-23	I thought it was extremely well done.  Giving the shadow a little "body" made it look all the more ominous.
1857	Chelly	2012-04-23	It was okay. I guess it was much better than how I imagined it in my head. I envisioned it quite silly, so the show helped get that silly image out of my head. That's a good thing. This thing was creepy in the show, but I though the Mel birthing scene before that was much more creepy.
1858	LuisDantas	2012-04-23	Shadows aren't supposed to screech, sure.  But they are not supposed to slay living people either, so I fail to see the problem.
It is magic.
1859	Thorny Issues	2012-04-23	Screeching was a shame, I thought, but I liked way it looked. I must say its very different to how I'd imagined (I'd imagined an actual shadow, which moved, but I guess that would have looked pretty dull on screen).
1860	imbs	2012-04-23	i think people definitely forget that not everything that works in the books will work on television. Ghost being silent is one of them and the shadow as it was in the books is another. This scene had to have a big effect on people who havent read the books.
1861	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	i think people definitely forget that not everything that works in the books will work on television. Ghost being silent is one of them and the shadow as it was in the books is another. This scene had to have a big effect on people who havent read the books.Because some black, shadowy form crawling its way out of some womans nethers, who wasn't pregnant the last time we saw her, isn't a big enough effect?
1862	smo	2012-04-23	I thought it was great and it really did make it more real than in my imagination. I liked that it had more of a "body" and yet seemed to evaporate into nothing at the same time.  The screeching I didn't even really notice to be honest.  I think I was too wrapped up in what was happening visually to get distracted by any sounds.  Every episode seemes to get better... can't wait for next week!
1863	ace	2012-04-23	Didn't even notice the screeching. I also always pictured the shadow as literally a shadow. IIRC Catelyn only saw it as a shadow on the tent wall. That smoke monster would be hard to miss. Looked cool though.
1864	Envie	2012-04-23	I think this is how I imagined the shadow baby from the description in the books. I will have to dig that chapter up and re-read it but if I'm remembering correctly, the 'thing' is described as clawing its way out of her womb as a creeping shadow with no form, but then growing into the size of a full grown man before scattering back into a shadow which slips between the bars and vanishes upwards into the castle.
1865	leo0274	2012-04-23	for me, it was better than I expected
1866	Xtopher	2012-04-23	Its TV, everything has to have a sound for it to get your attention. 
What other sound would you have wanted it to have? (if it must have a sound i mean)
A cuack? a hiss? maybe bark a little bit?
1867	Jerritus	2012-04-23	Loved it. Way better than just a 2 dimensional shadow on the floor or wall. And when it grabbed her legs to pull itself out... Damn.
And it was really, REALLY well made, too.
The screeching is a bit weird, but I dont mind. I just love the show for what it is.
					
					
							Edited by Ananta, 23 April 2012 - 10:46 AM.
1868	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-23	Gotta say, boys and girls, that birth was just pure nightmare fuel. It cranked up what was in the books to eleven. It was both nerve-wracking and uncomfortable to watch.
Which is to say... 
Damn. The show did it right.
1869	zep	2012-04-23	I was concerned about this as it could have been very easy to cheapen the show had they skimped on the CGI for the shadow baby. I was pleasantly surprised, and like some others have already mentioned, I honestly didn't even notice the screeching.
1870	geekmythologist	2012-04-23	I love how they did it. It was very well-done, definitely translated that scene well for tv audiences. 
All the while I was watching it though, I was worried for Davos. LOL poor Davos! Bad enough seeing her suddenly pregnant then boom, she births a shadowy smoky monster.
1871	Ser Chuck	2012-04-23	I thought it was done to perfection. It's just killing me that they made this scene the cliffhanger of the week. My friends who haven't read the books are begging me to tell them what this is all about to the point that I might have to hide under a rock for the rest of the week.
1872	Lady Octarina	2012-04-23	I don't know, a regular shadow would have appeared too lame if one has the technology to do something a bit more sinister. It was a good scene, they managed to pass the sensations we feel when we read it from Davos' pov. And his simultaneous horror and draw to what was happening was too perfect not to mention. But it was gross, that much I admit, though it was fitting when we consider it was bringing death where usually life is made.
Anyway, I was surprised that was the cliffhanger, I had expected it to end with the shadow killing Renly.
1873	Independent George	2012-04-23	Dragons screech.  A shadow version of Stannis should not.Babies screech. That's what made it even more disturbing for me - this isn't just Stannis' shadow, it's Stannis' newborn child.
					
					
							Edited by Independent George, 23 April 2012 - 12:40 PM.
1874	Longspear Ryk	2012-04-23	the shoulda had the scene in renlys tent to end it... no reason for it to be moved to the next episode... scene was shot beautifuly but to people that don't watch the show its more of a wtf kinda show is this moment... to weird..
renly's death scene woulda been a better cliffhanger...
1875	salt	2012-04-23	Dude, can you ever not find something to complain about . How was the screeching stupid, also I would like to see you do it better .I have enjoyed every single episode, said many more positive things than negative, and gave this one an 8, so I don't know what you're talking about.  You understand that a "discussion" will include more than just people saying ZOMG SO COOL, right?The screeching was stupid, plain and simple.  Everyone I've seen on twitter and sites where non-book readers discuss it have called it a smoke monster, which is exactly what it looked like.  It is supposed be a shadow version of Stannis, a refection of him in the flame.  The clawed fingernails and the Dementor-esque screeching did not convey the subtle creepiness of ASOIAF, or the unique, understated nature that magic has in the books.  That was LOTR or Harry Potter, not ASOIAF.Babies screech. That's what made it even more disturbing for me - this isn't just Stannis' shadow, it's Stannis' newborn child.Yeah...if my baby ever sounds like an angry Nazgul swooping down to kill a Hobbit, I'm making an appointment with a pediatrician.
					
					
							Edited by salt, 23 April 2012 - 01:32 PM.
1876	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-23	The screeching was stupid, plain and simple.  Everyone I've seen on twitter and sites where non-book readers discuss it have called it a smoke monster, which is exactly what it looked like.  It is supposed be a shadow version of Stannis, a refection of him in the flame.  The clawed fingernails and the Dementor-esque screeching did not convey the subtle creepiness of ASOIAF, or the unique, understated nature that magic has in the books.  That was LOTR or Harry Potter, not ASOIAF.Maybe this is my own biases toward the grotesque coming to the forefront, but in reading the books (first in 2004, and 3 times since) I envisioned something along the lines of what was depicted on screen in this scene.  Davos even describes at some point (I believe in ASOS) that Melisandre birthed "a horror."  Yes, it ended up "just" being shadow Stannis, but its reveal lent the impression that it was something much more...vile.  Or at least that's how I've always interpreted it. As for the screech, to be honest it didn't bother me at all.I do agree with the above poster who'd have rather the episode conclude with the shadow killing Renly in his tent.  I was a bit taken aback that it didn't end that way.
1877	Lady IronHeart	2012-04-23	I thought is was creepy as hell!! Screeching didn't bother me. There was a sense of it growing as it came out of her, from some baby demon into a man shadow. 
My bf is a non-reader and he says he might have been confused if a full on Stannis shadow just floated out of her uterus. The liberties taken with the look and sound set up the fact that this thing is going to do some damage. I think when we get a better look at the fully grown shadow and we see the Renly tent murder scene or will all be very satisfying.
1878	Noelle Snow	2012-04-23	Perfect.
And I always envisioned it as a 3 dimensional entity, not actually a shadow on the wall.
1879	Dementia	2012-04-23	I need to rewatch the episode.  But it was confusing.  Where are they?  Are they at Storm's End?  Why?  They sure as hell didn't mention much about Storm's End....I must have missed something.
1880	Abaddon	2012-04-23	THANK GOD they didn't end with the shadow killing Renly.  The season is compressed enough as it is, you might as well wish for the invasion of King's Landing next episode too.  This was the perfect cliffhanger and allows a sense of dread to build up, as well as give poor old Renly a little more screentime before his neck is aerated.
I thought it was well done.  Not what was in my head, but when I try to imagine what was in my head on screen and compare it with what we got it strikes me as super cheesy and not as good as what they came up with.  I do wish the unfortunate 'smoke' connotation could be avoided somehow but overall I thought it was suitably creepy.
Did not like the screech, although it is in the grand scheme of things a minor nitpick.  It's just flat out cliched, I would have preferred a hiss like water on hot coals, or maybe something like the soft crackling of fire (remember, fire casts shadows, they are servants of the lord of light according to M).  Of course, I just said I didn't like the 'smoke' connotation above, but hey, it's just my two cents.
1881	kevinbgwrites	2012-04-23	Screech was fine. It was meant to be creepy and like a baby that wasn't right.
As for the effects themselves they were dead on.
I was shocked when it didn't end on Renly's death but assuming they do it right the next episode will be better for it.
If it begins with Renly's tent and then suddenly BAM he's dead it sets for a very fast paced episode, kind of like how around episode 5 last season it kicked off hardcore after being fairly slow. Some people speculate they wont show the shadow assassinating Renly, but that would be a mistake I think, as I feel viewers would feel rightfully conned. Not to mention Cat at least needs to see the shadow and defend Brienne. Skipping that all important scene(the most memorable in the series) would be dumb.
Shadow baby was great, lets hope they drive it home.
1882	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-23	Yeah it's much better than my imagination. I just had it as a shadow that came crawling out of her hooha.
1883	turdle	2012-04-23	i'm guessing that when they do show the scene in renly's tent, the creature will initially be in 2D form on the wall unnoticed.  and it will move and cat will notice it, then it will return to 3D form and kill renly.
i think that the 3D form makes the most sense for the birth scene and yes, most non-book viewers are going to think of it just as a smoke monster, but if they show it on the wall in renlys tent, i think they'll understand what it is better.
1884	Grungo	2012-04-23	Why exactly are they going into some cave to kill Renly, when he is in a tent on an open field? I thought the scene was brilliantly done, but that aspect just seemed strange to me. They might have done it on the beach instead. I think it's even supposed to be underneath Storm's End in the show too, as Davos mentions that the bars weren't there the last time. (Or something to that effect.)I was confused by this as well. Does this mean they will cut the bits with Stannis sieging Storm's End? Then what will Stannis and co. be doing until episode 8, which I believe is the Battle of Blackwater. I guess they could still do it, but just not show Mel birthing the shadow that kills Cortnay Penrose...I thought the adaptation of the shadow baby was good. If they kept it as just a pure shadow on the wall, etc., I think it would have looked cheap and silly and make nonreaders think of Peter Pan or something.As for the cliffhanger, good for non-readers I guess, they'll be sure to look forward to next episode to find out what the hell that thing was and what it will do. As for us readers, yeah, we just wanted to see it slice through Renly's gorget like cheese cloth!!
1885	Blangadanger	2012-04-23	I was wondering what they would do for this scene, because after reading it in the book, I was perplexed about what it actually was. I kind of thought that Davos wasn't even sure what he was describing actually happened. I do think it was sufficiently horrifying, but I kind of liked the subtle mystery in the books better. In the books (I've only read through SoS), I always got the sense that Melisandre's deeds were more mythical or misunderstood rather than literal, unworldly magic. She had power, but no one was sure exactly how much. In the show, it looks like they're going to take it much more literal that she's a wielder of godlike power, and Renly's death won't be a mystery whatsoever; it'll be tied to Stannis immediately.Why exactly are they going into some cave to kill Renly, when he is in a tent on an open field? I thought the scene was brilliantly done, but that aspect just seemed strange to me. They might have done it on the beach instead. I think it's even supposed to be underneath Storm's End in the show too, as Davos mentions that the bars weren't there the last time. (Or something to that effect.)I think it's because 1) Melisandre's not supposed to be pregnant, particularly since she's always with Stannis, and 2) a horrific scene like that seen by anyone but unfortunate Davos (whose loyalty to Stannis is unquestioned) would spread throughout Westeros like wildfire. The pregnancy and its birth are supposed to be secret, so why not go to the bottom of a watery keep where the ocean drowns out any sound?
					
					
							Edited by Blangadanger, 23 April 2012 - 04:21 PM.
1886	Lord Martin	2012-04-23	I thought the shadow should have looked more like Stannis.  IIRC, Davos says that he would recognize that shadow anywhere.  Also, the idea that Mel needed to use part of his soul to make the shadow was important as well.  
Visually, it was very cool.  Plot wise, more could have been explained.  Especially since the episode ended at 9:51 PM !!!
1887	Davos55	2012-04-23	I never really liked the shadow baby parts of the novel, it just seemed a little far fetched to me and make Mel seem far too powerful. I much prefer her doing glamours, seeing visions in fires, and things of that sort.
This scene was pretty cool..though I didn't really like the writing in it. Especially with Mel suggesting that Davos wants her..no..just no.
The shadow baby itself was pretty freaky..I didn't like the "smoke", or the screech really, but the final appearance was solid.  I mean it is hard to picture it even from the book in my opinion, so I think they did a good job. I am more curious as to how it is going to get from the underwater cave to Renly's tent..but I am guessing it will just be there already (invisible in background) whenever Cat enters the tent.  It will be very interesting to see it killing poor Renly..I am looking forward to seeing it!
1888	ipsuel	2012-04-23	And how would it be better in your opinion since you seem such an expert at this ? For the budget they have  it was pretty impressive but of course someone always has to bitch about everything .WTF.... who claimed I was an expert?? I am allowed to post my opinions. Or is that right only for YOU? Of course not! Why on earth would you break bad with someone on a message board? Someone who you DO NOT KNOW and someone whose posts you've clearly not read?I do not always bitch about something... but really, now I will. Having people attacked on these boards if their opinion is different is getting ridiculous. Lord, come on.
1889	Envie	2012-04-23	I was confused by this as well. Does this mean they will cut the bits with Stannis sieging Storm's End? Then what will Stannis and co. be doing until episode 8, which I believe is the Battle of Blackwater. I guess they could still do it, but just not show Mel birthing the shadow that kills Cortnay Penrose...I thought the adaptation of the shadow baby was good. If they kept it as just a pure shadow on the wall, etc., I think it would have looked cheap and silly and make nonreaders think of Peter Pan or something.As for the cliffhanger, good for non-readers I guess, they'll be sure to look forward to next episode to find out what the hell that thing was and what it will do. As for us readers, yeah, we just wanted to see it slice through Renly's gorget like cheese cloth!!Exactly. This scene has really confused a lot of book fans because we all know that shadow demon was sent through the bars under Storm's End to kill Penrose, not Renly. Renly's death comes later on the battlefield in his tent so having Melisandre go into the cave doesn't make sense if its supposed to be Renly's death...Since they have not done the bits regarding Edric Storm and Courtney Penrose's refusal to turn over the bastard Baratheon boy to Melisandre, I'm going to assume they are cutting that out and making the cave birth scene into Renly's death... but it still doesn't make any sense.
1890	Lord Godric	2012-04-23	Yeah it's much better than my imagination. I just had it as a shadow that came crawling out of her hooha.Same here.  Just having a strange shadow crawl out out her wouldn't have looked good given the television medium, it also would have been hard to show it kill Renly.  I never imagined that we were just talking about a shadow on the wall, otherwise how did it kill Renly.  I imagined some kind of 3D figure just described as a shadow for a lack of a better term.  They did a great job.
1891	mcbelfast	2012-04-23	Disappointed in some ways that they combined the Renly's scenes with the sequence from the book at Storm's End (Cortnay Penrose's death) though I suppose it makes sense both in terms of budget and time.
To save me reading back through A Clash of Kings, was it at Storm's End that Renly was killed?
1892	mcbelfast	2012-04-23	Is what takes place in the most recent episode even supposed to be at Storm's End?Exactly. This scene has really confused a lot of book fans because we all know that shadow demon was sent through the bars under Storm's End to kill Penrose, not Renly. Renly's death comes later on the battlefield in his tent so having Melisandre go into the cave doesn't make sense if its supposed to be Renly's death...Renly dies before Penrose surely?
1893	Ser Plissken	2012-04-23	The worst thing about the magical screeching smoke monster, is all the screeching about how it shouldn't screech.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Plissken, 23 April 2012 - 06:38 PM.
1894	boojam	2012-04-23	Does everybody now know what Mel was talking about before the rumpy pumpy with Stan on the table?
1895	Queen Regent	2012-04-23	I too envisioned it as an actual shadow, this looked like an ink monster.I agree.  It wasn't bad, just not what I expected.  And the look on Davos's face was priceless... like WTF is going on here!
1896	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-23	One of my friends who hasn't read the books yet asked me how that was actually written out (cause he couldn't imagine putting that scene to words), so I took the liberty of copying the passage down for him. Figured y'all might wanna see it too and compare."Panting, she squatted and spread her legs. Blood ran down her thighs, black as ink. Her cry might have been agony or ecstasy or both. And Davos saw the crown of the child's head push its way out of her. Two arms wriggled free, grasping black fingers coiling around Melisandre's straining thighs, pushing, until the whole of the shadow slid out into the world and rose taller than Davos, tall as the tunnel, towering above the boat. He had only an instant to look at it before it was gone, twisting between the bars of the portcullis and racing across the surface of the water, but the instant was long enough. He knew that shadow. As he knew the man who'd cast it."Clash of Kings, Davos 468So yeah... I thought they did a marvellous job actually.
1897	Envie	2012-04-23	One of my friends who hasn't read the books yet asked me how that was actually written out (cause he couldn't imagine putting that scene to words), so I took the liberty of copying the passage down for him. Figured y'all might wanna see it too and compare."Panting, she squatted and spread her legs. Blood ran down her thighs, black as ink. Her cry might have been agony or ecstasy or both. And Davos saw the crown of the child's head push its way out of her. Two arms wriggled free, grasping black fingers coiling around Melisandre's straining thighs, pushing, until the whole of the shadow slid out into the world and rose taller than Davos, tall as the tunnel, towering above the boat. He had only an instant to look at it before it was gone, twisting between the bars of the portcullis and racing across the surface of the water, but the instant was long enough. He knew that shadow. As he knew the man who'd cast it."Clash of Kings, Davos 468So yeah... I thought they did a marvellous job actually.Thank you so much for the book quote! I love to compare passages from the book with how scenes played out. I'm not a book purist and have been fine with most of the changes done so far in the series, but I enjoy comparing and contrasting the two anyways.A lot of people in this discussion thread have said its not how they imagined it, or the shadow was not correctly animated or too smoky, too inky, whatever. But if you read that passage describing what Davos saw... that's almost exactly what we saw in the scene in this episode end. It also confirms better for me that Davos did in fact have an idea this was some black magic formed by a union with Stannis (sexually or by blood or both) and Melisandre. I argued in another thread last week that it may have been somewhat vague until much later in the books what was actually going on between Stannis and Melisandre and that her rituals were not entirely explained as purely sexual acts. I'm guessing in reading this that it was intended to let you know that Stannis is the 'shadow who cast it' and so since this creature was born of Melisandre's womb, it must be some dark Asshai magic similar to what Mirri Maz Duur may have been doing to Daenerys which resulted in her baby being born demon / lizard /dragon like, an abomination that died. It had something to do with that Blood magic that Melisandre is performing and sapping life out of Stannis too.
1898	teemo	2012-04-23	I need to re-watch, but it sounded like Stannis knew what Meli was about to do.  Does that imply that he understands the sex was for a shadowbaby?  Wish that was more elaborated on.  But you know, they ran out of time at 9:51 PM.
1899	Menos Grande	2012-04-23	I Loved that scene , I pictured as much.. I thought that it could blend to a wall like a shadow, and yet it had a 3d form.. i imagine that it would kill renly like this (in 3d form)
1900	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-23	The effect was amazing, hard to believe this is a t.v. show.
The screeching was fine, symbolic of birth, so long as it doesn't start cracking wise I'm fine with it.
1901	koudoulis	2012-04-24	shadowbaby !!! cant stop grinning like an idiot since the scene played out. now all i need is a high definition screenshot for my desktop!
1902	Tres	2012-04-24	I always though it was supposed to be a shadow, not CGI-heavy hell-knows-what. Uhm.
1903	DragonSpawn	2012-04-24	In the books i couldn't quite get my head around the shadow as it felt like it needed slightly more substance... the shows gave the shadows a bit more substance and i really liked it. I assumed the shadow would be silent but i guess its a minor detail that's not too probelmatic. I imagined the shadows to be very similar to the Others, just all dark and slippery as opposed to crisp and shiny /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
1904	AndrA©s Garcia	2012-04-24	The way the shadow baby was portrayed in the show was far better than what I imagined while reading the books.
1905	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	I didn't like it either, the screeching or the way it looked. If I had to do it myself, the birth would have been just an ordinary shadow spreading on the ground. Then I would just have the actor that plays Stannis stand there and walk away, casting his shadow on the wall, and delete the actor's image from the scene. I would also show the torches at the camp casting the shadow as it moves towards Renly's tent (I suppose it's going to kill Renly?) and when Renly dies, you would see it as if Stannis was killing Renly himself with a knife, only Stannis wouldn't be standing there, only his shadow cast on the wall. That's how I imagined it from the book, as a shadow, not as a smoke monster.
1906	Faceless Sam	2012-04-24	She had power, but no one was sure exactly how much. In the show, it looks like they're going to take it much more literal that she's a wielder of godlike power, and Renly's death won't be a mystery whatsoever; it'll be tied to Stannis immediately. i dont know, mel births shadow, shadow kills renly was a pretty clear cut conection for me.
1907	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	Few people in the Twop forum's unspoiled speculation thread seems to have liked Mel's shadow baby, and it is being called "smokey" or "smoke baby" by all and never "shadow baby". Quote: "There is something weirdly believable with the White Walkers and the wolves who are portals to their humans, and even Dany's dragon babies, but this demon smokey shit was just that, shit." Just an observation.
					
					
							Edited by Mad Queen, 24 April 2012 - 10:20 AM.
1908	hombay	2012-04-24	Few people in the Twop forum's unspoiled speculation thread seems to have liked Mel's shadow baby, and it is being called "smokey" or "smoke baby" by all and never "shadow baby". Quote: "There is something weirdly believable with the White Walkers and the wolves who are portals to their humans, and even Dany's dragon babies, but this demon smokey shit was just that, shit." Just an observation.TWOP?
1909	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	Television without Pity.
1910	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-24	TWOP?Television Without Pity. There's a forum full of viewers dedicated to following the story through the series, actively avoiding the books. It's fun reading their theories because they pick up things pretty well. Also, their speculations are spot-on with events in the later books.Their reactions and insights are a litmus test to just how well the producers have adapted the story for the series.
					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 24 April 2012 - 10:40 AM.
1911	dreamcatcher	2012-04-24	I also thought it was going to be a real shadow. This is Smokey. It is known.
1912	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-24	I can't make up my mind about shadow baby. If they've taken the the decision that the shadow isn't actually Stannis then the screeching etc is OK. If it is, it's a little stupid. It makes more sense that it's just some kind of demon spawn anyway. It isn't exactly how it was described in the books but I'm fine with that. I was pretty certain they'd make it more of a 'shadow monster' rather than just a 'shadow' as it is in the books.
I don't think a true 'shadow' would go particularly well on TV. In saying that the shadow monster things on the film Ghost scared the shit out of me when I was a kid. Something like that might have been cool. But it was their screeching that made them scary as well. Oh well, whatever these guys do someone's going to moan about it. You can't please all of the people all of the time. (Why isn't Loras hotter? Why aren't the Reeds in season 2? Why did Jon see one of the Others take Craster's son?)
1913	Blangadanger	2012-04-24	i dont know, mel births shadow, shadow kills renly was a pretty clear cut conection for me.But in the book, she doesn't birth a shadow until after Renly has died mysteriously. The connection wasn't immediate in my mind.
1914	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-24	Babies screech. That's what made it even more disturbing for me - this isn't just Stannis's shadow, it's Stannis's newborn child.Indeed, as Stannisâ<U+0080><U+0099>s son, his darkborn shadow would even have a claim to the Iron Throne after him. ;-}
1915	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-24	TWOP?Itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just another silliness from the um, â<U+0080><U+009C>prestidigitally challengedâ<U+0080><U+009D>. See this cheat-sheet for this and all your Buzzword Bingo needs.
1916	Sworn Shield	2012-04-24	My only issue of merging Renly's and Penroses' death is that in the book it was such a shock when Renly said 'cold' and was stabbed in the throat it was totally unexpected. However the viewers now know there is a shadow creature on the loose.
					
					
							Edited by kazad, 24 April 2012 - 12:57 PM.
1917	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-24	"Panting, she squatted and spread her legs. Blood ran down her thighs, black as ink. Interesting that her blood was black, just like the black hands of the ice wights (including Coldhands), who are dead.  I still think Melisandre is a long-dead fire wight.
1918	So1ar	2012-04-24	Dragons screech.  A shadow version of Stannis should not.The end of the first book specifically mentions the air being filled with the song of dragons for the first time in a hundred years.  ACOK definitely did not mentioned the shadowbaby sounding like a Harry Potter monster.well it's not a shadow is it? it was in the books, but on the show it was a vagina smoke creature. so what cares if it made a sound. honestly, i thought people would be more upset with stannis being aware that mel was going to kill renly. iirc, in the books stannis was really upset over renly's death and felt like he had some part in it, but wasn't sure how.
					
					
							Edited by So1ar, 24 April 2012 - 02:34 PM.
1919	AndrA©s Garcia	2012-04-25	I don't even understand the point that shadows don't make sounds. Shadows don't kill people either. This is obviously not a shadow as much as it is a shadowy creature. Also, re-read the description of the birthing scene in the books. The way it was portrayed in the tv-show is perfectly consistent with that description.
1920	howland_reed	2012-04-25	While I liked the CGI, the scene reminded me of what I hated about it from the books:
The shadow baby is the worst deus ex machina GRRM has introduced in the series.  I eventually got over it since it was hardly brought back again, but even with Melisandre's POV in Dance, we never really got an explanation of how she's able to perform magic to this scale.
But seeing it on screen, while it looked great, only reminded me of the sloppy way GRRM got rid of Renly's character.  I notice some non-readers have felt the same about this, some even going as far as saying GoT "jumped the shark."
1921	Dornish Hen	2012-04-25	I didn't really even notice the screech sound the shadow made.  I was too horrified by the "wet" sounds it made as it was coming out.  Somehow in my mind, it was more realistic for a shadow to screech than for it to make birthing sounds.  Ridiculous, I know.
1922	NomadicDirewolf	2012-04-25	yh i thought it was really good, i wanted to see what they would do with it cos i couldnt think of anything and i thought an actual shadow would just look a bit naff
1923	BarrileteCosmico	2012-04-25	Some of you are missing that the entire point of the scene is that it's so hard for us to watch, yet so easy for Joff. That's why it drags on for too long.
1924	Free Northman	2012-04-27	I'm concerned that the overtly "fantastical" depiction of the Shadow Birth is going to lose the series some viewers too early into the 7 book saga.
I'm imagining that a lot of "mainstream" viewers enjoy GoT for it's realistic depiction of politics and medieval war. Basically, the King's Landing storyline.
To retain these more level headed viewers - who aren't hardcore fantasy enthusiasts, and who may even sneer slightly at the magical aspects of the story - it would have been better to have the Shadow Assasination be more ambiguous. This could have been done by not showing the Mellisandre birthing scene at all, but rather having her simply predicting that Renly will die before the dawn, and then cutting straight to Catelyn meeting with Renly, only for a shadow against the wall to fleetingly appear and disappear and in the confusion to have Renly collapse with his throat slit.
Then the mystery of what exactly had happened could have remained, without going into Dungeons and Dragons type of stuff with the 3D shadow baby popping out between Me'l's thighs and all that.
That would have been how I would have done it.
					
					
							Edited by Free Northman, 27 April 2012 - 06:14 PM.
1925	Ser Plissken	2012-04-28	Fuck the sneerers, Shadowbaby was awesome.
1926	Balefont	2012-04-30	I'm concerned that the overtly "fantastical" depiction of the Shadow Birth is going to lose the series some viewers too early into the 7 book saga.I disagree based on anecdotal evidence.  A co-worker of mine - who never reads non-fiction - decided that not only would he finally take my advice to read the books, after seeing the shadowbaby birth he actually bought A Game of Thrones rather than borrow it from the library.
1927	hombay	2012-04-30	The Shadowbaby will alienate viewers, sure. But it also alienated readers - the conflict between realism and fantasy was there for the readers as well. I believe a vast majority of the viewers will like the Shadowbaby.
1928	WormofBook	2012-04-25	It is entirely a subjective matter, but I find Littlefinger to be a *super* interesting character that only really started getting interesting after he steals Sansa away.
I think that they are trying to give him screen time, because of how important he is later on... and how potentially compelling his story is.
I liked how he originally stopped himself from grabbing Cait's arm during their encounter, but then breaks down and professes his love... before returning to his cool and conniving self. It sort of foreshadows the mad brilliance that defines his interactions with Lysa.
1929	birdsong66	2012-04-26	IIRC, he did actually grasp her arm...she shook him off while asking if he had lost his mind.  I think what they (HBO) had him stop himself from doing was actually throwing himself on her.  But, I could be mistaken.Also, suggesting that he knows where Sansa and Arya are, and that they are safe, allows him to still have a seat in the present/future at the Catelyn table, which, given her considerable repulsion, is the only one allowed him.  I think D&D are firmly convinced of his complete and total obsession with her remaining to this day, and gaining fuel.  YMMV, of course.
1930	TheWrongKindOfSnow	2012-04-26	I agree that he's a very interesting character, and one of the ones who if anything I find more interesting in his television portrayal than in his book portrayal, as the television version has added a lot more charisma. He's interesting because he doesn't present as a key player in the battles for power, but he keeps you wondering whether he's going to surreptitiously end up winning more than anyone.
I wondered what the point was of him losing his composure around Catelyn in this episode? They made it clear that she's his one weakness, the one who has power over him as a consequence of his obsessive love for her, but I think that seems a bit cliche, and would hope his feelings maintain more complexity than that. I wouldn't necessarily agree with your point that the scene foreshadows his later relationship with Lysa, since (if they follow the books) with her he will be very much in control the whole time - and not a bit in love! I'm also not sure what the later transference of his affections onto Catelyn's daughter says about his feelings for Catelyn herself - his attraction to her is anything but a straightforward obsession. I thought that was better captured in the ambiguity of his offering her Ned's bones - does he genuinely care for her enough to respect her love for Ned, or is he just pretending to be sympathetic in order to win her favour?
1931	Capt Banjo	2012-04-26	I agree with the OP.
Anyone that has read the books knows the impact Littlefinger has in the future. I believe HBO is giving him some new material/scenes to keep him in the minds of unspoiled viewers.
As a reader, it was great to see what he has pulled off behind the scenes up to ADWD and some of it was a complete surprise. That was ok and did not feel out of place, it was great writing amidst hundreds of pages. TV viewers, on the other hand, are not as forgiving for big events/surprises that have no build up. HBO probably feels like with only 20 hours of TV by the end of season 2, it may be imperative to add more Littlefinger scenes/depth to keep him in sight and in the minds of viewers.
I have no doubt that GRRM and the HBO writers/directors will make Littlefinger's exploits and future plans just as exciting as they were in the book. It looks like we will just get some extra depth to keep newcomers interested. I can't wait to see it, I loved Littlefinger in the books and I am warming up to his TV character as this season progresses.
1932	Tadco26	2012-04-27	The problem is the "depth" they have created for him is contradictory to his book character.  The most calculating and politically adept player is politcally clumsy in the show, constantly sticking his foot in his mouth and letting everyone know that he knows their secrets.  Personally I think they added scenes because you can't keep a good actor under contract for multiple seasons without giving him some scenes.  Unfortunately I think the vast majority of his scenes have been poorly written and instead of giving us more insight into his character, they have given us insight that is opposite his book character in so many ways.  If they wanted to give insight, they could have him selling offices in the government for money, accepting and giving bribes, recieving reports from his spies, and all the while being the smiling friend to those in power who appears to be the loyal subject.  As for TV audiences being unforgiving towards surprises, I disagree.  LOST was a big hit in part because people loved speculating about the mysteries.  Ben Linus was very much a Littlefinger like character who 
	Spoiler was physically unimposing and starts off looking relatively harmless.  Even though they suspected him of being an Other, they had no clue he was their leader or what he was capable of.

Book Littlefinger is a master manipulator and investor who happens to own some brothels, while TV Littlefinger personally trains the whores in his brothels and can't keep a secret to himself to save his life.  I fear that TV Littlefinger will require a huge suspension of disbelief to accept that he set up all these events dating back to before season 1 with his rise thru the court to master of coin due to Jon Arryn, and his murder at the hands of Lysa at his request, as well as the framing of Cersei for the deed.
1933	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-27	Isn't his overarrogance in the show basically Obfuscating Stupidity/transparency? People see him as sneaky and untrustworthy but not as clever as he thinks he is and transparent, and thus people like Tyrion and Cersei think they can play him. Then it turns out he was double-bluffing, and he has had a gambit out from day zero and they were the ones being utterly played. He hasn't made any moves that realistically endanger him or his plans and his whole trick is based around letting people know that he is untrustworthy, but letting them think they know how clever he is, whilst all the time hiding subtlety under his surface. He can't hide that he is a slimeball whilst still being able to play his game, but he can use it too distract with more obvious ploys whilst he plays a deeper game.
I think it could work really well
1934	House Snow	2012-04-27	Isn't his overarrogance in the show basically Obfuscating Stupidity/transparency? People see him as sneaky and untrustworthy but not as clever as he thinks he is and transparent, and thus people like Tyrion and Cersei think they can play him. Then it turns out he was double-bluffing, and he has had a gambit out from day zero and they were the ones being utterly played. He hasn't made any moves that realistically endanger him or his plans and his whole trick is based around letting people know that he is untrustworthy, but letting them think they know how clever he is, whilst all the time hiding subtlety under his surface. He can't hide that he is a slimeball whilst still being able to play his game, but he can use it too distract with more obvious ploys whilst he plays a deeper game.I think it could work really wellI was actually thinking pretty much the same thing earlier today. It would be one thing if it were just the Cersei scene.  But really every interaction with a major character -he appears to be bested.  Catelyn, Tyrion, Varys, Cersei, Renly, Maegery,  That feels like an act.  And its in such contrast with the two scenes where he wasn't with any of the big guns.  Even though people were ticked by the whores being there in both scene where he gave his biggest speechs, he clearly was most Littlefingeresque in those scenes.  They even sort of foreshadowed this with the original whore scene.  Tha being said I think he could use a scene reinforcing that his bluntness is part of the act, kind of an equivalent to the Pycelle scene at the end of last year.
1935	Skeksi	2012-04-28	Whilst Littlefinger has kind of been irking me with the way he's been written this season, since I do love the diabolical bastard so very much, I found his scenes in this episode to be some of the least irksome. We do see a lot more of his plotting and scheming nature this episode, IMO- we have him simultaneously making offers to Renly of stabbing the Lannisters in the back, whilst trying to persuade Catelyn to release Jaime as per Tyrion's plan, whilst seemingly trying to get back into Catelyn's good books- and, of course, his interactions with Margaery, which are a bit more of a mystery (but which I presume, given his role in the book, is likely to become more important). Is he just needling her about Renly, or is he perhaps trying to discover some dissatisfaction? Or perhaps whether the marriage has been consumated? I could be thinking overly hopefully here, but he seems pretty smirky following his conversation with Margaery, despite the fact that she doesn't seem to think very much of him. The only scene where he seems unsettled and not on his toes is the Catelyn scene- which is kind of understandable, I guess, given the role that she has in his backstory, but more than that, note that he is still composed enough to lie to her and make her think he knows Arya's location, and that he goes about carrying out Tyrion's plan of trying to free Jaime, which will weaken the North. This is the kind of Littlefinger stuff I've been waiting to see all season, not scenes where he acts either stupidly or is basically used to squeeze in the naked boobs quota with his brothels. It's just a shame it took until episode 4 to get it.
On another note, does Littlefinger sound more Welsh this series to anyone else? I mean, in the first few episodes, Aidan Gillen's accent seemed a little bit all over the place, but in this episode, whilst it sounded more consistent than it had for most of the series so far, it definitely sounded different from Series 1, and listening to it again, it definitely sounds a little more Welsh to me. I assume it's because Aidan Gillen was ill, or having trouble getting into the accent again, but it amused me given that LF is from the Vale of Arryn which is supposed to be based on Wales /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
1936	WormofBook	2012-04-29	Bunch of good points here, I am definitely leaning between the writing making LF look more inept than he is, and the great suggestion that he is acting purposefully inept.
A redeeming scene for him to show that it was "all an act" could easily be built into a moment of revelation when he reveals all to Sansa.
1937	IronSuitor	2012-04-29	The double bluff idea is a good point. It's actually making me re-think how I see the show's portrayal. 
Up until his Sansa chapters I think he always came across more as a tricky bastard than a master manipulator. It's only by misdirection that he, and the show, can keep up the charade long enough to allow for a big payoff when they reveal just how in control he is. Everybody, including the viewer, already knows that he's an honorless endlessly ambitious SOB who knows more than anyone except Varys. It's only by seeming slightly undirected and clumsy that anyone would let him live. Allowing Cersei or Tyrion to think their getting the best of him let's them, and the viewer, write him off. (Oh, and it also gets him Harrenhall, the Riverlands, and the Vale).
Or .... maybe their just not doing a very good job of writing the necessary scenes to keep the actor on board. Or a mixture of the two.
1938	Roxane De	2012-04-26	Hello,
As most of you, I've been quite chocked by Joffrey's last deeds in the 14th episode. The directors decided to wake as much hate as possible against him in this episode, and for a lot of people, the whores' scene was "too much".
Why did they add this scene anyway? It is quite long, taking in account that we are almost at the middle of the season and much of the story from the book is yet to happen.
My theory is, may it be that the directors want to kill off Joffrey sooner than expected (if we follow the books)?
I mean, on audience purposes, they should get rid of him as soon as possible since TV show viewers may be more likely to quit watching when the show is less pleasant (we can see that a lot of viewers didn't watch the last GoT episodes because of Ned's death, whereas I don't think a lot of readers just stopped there and threw the books through the window, it is all about "effort justification", you won't stop reading a book that you purchased and spent time reading, whereas not following a tv-show anymore is easier as it is less committing).
I mean, Renly is going to die in the next episode, Baelish is getting more and more pissed off by the current government, The Queen Of Thorns has been cut off the story, so I can see Margaery being betrothed to Joffrey very soon, sparing us the quite long story of Sansa which is probably not worth showing on the tv-show (don't get me wrong, I'm not talking about my point of view, but I'm trying to adopt a commercial logic).
Let's face it, a Red Wedding happening before the death of Joffrey may well disappoint a great deal of viewers already, and thus putting the future of the tv show at stake. Plus, I've read somewhere that the actor portraying Joffrey got a university Grant and wants to leave the show ASAP. Also, the fact that the 3d book is too long to be put in one single season may well have influenced them into catching up as much as possible during the 2d season.
Do you think it's likely to happen? A lot of the events from the books are going to be changed, but honestly, I don't think they can go on with such an irritating Joffrey much longer and they cannot put everything that happens in the book anyway so they will have to sort out what is worth showing and what is not.
1939	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-27	I don't know where you read that about Jack Gleeson but I think he wouldn't want to leave the show that's making him into a star. Not to mention that the filming happens mainly in the summer which (according to interviews) is how Maisie Williams & Sophie Turner juggle it.
I think they realised after the first season they had a guy cast that could portray dispicable and really make an audience angry and want to milk it rather than rely on the few scenes Joff gets in the book.
The appeal to this show (& the books) is its not like other things out there so to claim D&D want to turn it into one of those shows is unfair, they chose to do it because its different and the ability to make an audience angry and sad is as important as to make them cheer. There is NO way the purple wedding will come before the red.
					
					
							Edited by RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon, 27 April 2012 - 07:54 AM.
1940	legba11	2012-04-27	I don't disagree that having the Purple Wedding happen in 2.10 would be a sound tactical decision.  The end of book 2 lacks the big punch of all the other books (including the weak FfC).  However, 2.9 is the battle of Blackwater, which pretty much eliminates any chance of this happening.  They would need to (all in 2.10), reveal the Tyrell's defection (sort of), introduce the new marriage arrangement, have Tywin take over being Hand, have Margery/Thorns realize what a turd Joffery is, set up Sansa to kill him (well assist), set up Sansa's escape (we haven't seen Dontos since the first scene of the season), have Tyrion take the fall for it and be arrested.  Too much important stuff to rush.  Especially with Book 3 being given 20 episodes, and some material from Book 3 already being moved to Season 2 (Jaime's release).
1941	Tadco26	2012-04-27	Joffrey dieing after the Red Wedding is part of what makes the audience get over the Red Wedding.  If they were to move it up substantially the story would begin to only very loosely resemble the books considering how many other changes that would lead to in other character's story lines.
1942	Brienne the Beauty	2012-04-27	How would you know Olenna Tyrell has been cut? She wasn't even in book 2, which this series is based on.
1943	Roxane De	2012-04-27	Link concerning Jack Gleeson : http://www.independe...ng-3082256.html
According to the date of publication, they couldn't have killed him off in the second season already, but I still think that somehow, they might change the chronology for the next season.
legba11: are you sure the 3d season is going to be 20 episode long? I don't think they confirmed anything about that yet.
Concerning Olenna, I didn't realize she wasn't in the 2d book anyway, but I think that the decision of having an older Margeary was part related to the fact that there will not be any Queen of Thorns.
I think they changed a lot of things in this season comparing to the book so the 3d season may be very different from ASOS anyway.
1944	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-27	Season three will be based on the first half of SoS. An older Margeary doesn't necessarily mean Olenna will be cut in the same way an older Robb didn't mean Ned will be cut or and older Joffrey doesn't mean Cersei will be cut. They're making most of the younger characters a few years older. This makes sense and GRRM has admitted that he should have made most of the younger characters older in the books.
Plus, she gets her tits out so...
1945	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	Makes no sense that they will cut Olenna since Margeary can not plot with herself, if anything Margeary/Olenna will get scenes that are not even in the book to make the subtle scheming more obvious for the non-readers.
1946	legba11	2012-04-27	We have confirmation the next tv season will be about half of book 3, so the projection to 20 episodes for the whole book...  Could be wrong...  It's possible they will be taking the mess of book 4 and just splitting it into season 3b and season 5.
1947	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-27	My opinion is that the Red and Purple Wedding will be done meshed together at the same time at the end of the third season (probably episode 29). It honestly will make it easier for the audience stomach watching Robb and Cat get murdered if it is paralleled with Joffrey dying as well.Also, it's worth pointing out that in an interview a couple of weeks ago, David Cogman (the writer of episode 13) said that, in Season 3, the episode he is writing "has a pair of iconic book moments that [he] was thrilled to adapt." Now, I know it's sort of jumping the gun but since this thread seems to be about making huge presumptions from very small details, I think he will be writing this episode and the pair of moments are both the weddings. Of course, there's just as much grounding in this as any other claim made thusfar in this thread.Interview (for y'all's pleasure): http://www.westeros....th_Bryan_Cogman
1948	_Oberyn_	2012-04-27	Martin is writing Episode 7 of S3 so thats the most likely episode for RW
1949	The Monkey	2012-04-27	Martin is writing Episode 7 of S3 so thats the most likely episode for RWThat episode is called "Autumn Winds". It could refer to Balon's death, or Jon and Bran's close encounter at Queenscrown (which occurred during a storm), or both, but I doubt it's to do with the RW.
1950	Frost_Nocturne	2012-04-27	That episode is called "Autumn Winds". It could refer to Balon's death, or Jon and Bran's close encounter at Queenscrown (which occurred during a storm), or both, but I doubt it's to do with the RW.Queenscrown was my first thought on hearing the title of Martin's episode as well. Also remember that the lead-up to the RW is full of rainstorms as well.I think the RW will be either ep. 8 or 9, with the Purple Wedding being the relatively uplifting season 3 finale. I would be shocked if both events happen during a single episode. Joffrey's smugness about the RW when the readers have it fresh in their minds makes his demise all the more satisfying. Also, the RW is too iconic not to be an episode ender, same with the Purple Wedding. Those are probably the two most iconic events of SoS so having them an episode or two apart makes sense.Also, there is no way Joffrey is dying this season. They really should kill him by the end of S3 though, or viewers will start to get depressed.
					
					
							Edited by Frost_Nocturne, 27 April 2012 - 08:45 PM.
1951	Ser Chuck	2012-04-28	So far the pattern is that GRRM get's the bloodiest episodes and I'd be disappointed if they were to change that. They gave him the slaughter of the entire Stark household last year and the single bloodiest battle since The Trident this season (also the first major battle we actually get to see!). If I'm picking a moment from book 3 for George to script, it has to be the Red Wedding. I'd also want his input on what "The Rains of Castamere" ought to sound like.
1952	Maester Murks	2012-04-28	Link concerning Jack Gleeson : http://www.independe...ng-3082256.htmlHe doesn't want to do any professional acting after Game of Thrones? Well , of course I respect his decision to focus on his academic career, but... damn, what a waste of talent (although he apparently has even more talents than acting...)
1953	teemo	2012-04-28	Oh, he'll change his mind if someone shoves enough money in his face (hopefully).  He is definitely something special.
1954	dreamcatcher	2012-04-28	I also thought of that. It's consistent with the directors claiming that someone dies that doesn't die until book 3. But they'd need to change the plot significantly and I just don't like that.
1955	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-29	It's probably just excess evil to supplement Ramsay being cut.
I wouldn't be surprised if Joffrey rides up to Winterfell in episode ten, demands Theon "eat these kittens if you're so bad," and then burns the place down with his crimson eye beams.
1956	Thunderfist	2012-04-29	It's probably just excess evil to supplement Ramsay being cut.I wouldn't be surprised if Joffrey rides up to Winterfell in episode ten, demands Theon "eat these kittens if you're so bad," and then burns the place down with his crimson eye beams.lol
1957	Roxane De	2012-04-29	Well I may have been very influenced by my own desire of killing off Joffrey as soon as possible and that's why I see him dying in the second season already. I also fear that the show is going to stop half way through because TV viewers are not patient at all, so if they indeed split the third book into two seasons and make the Red or the Purple Wedding happen in the theoretical 4th season, we might just never see it.
Personaly I'm really confident with what they are doing with the show, if they are changing a lot of things while adapting from the book, it's for the better since it increases the world of ASOIAF and anyway, people can still read the book if they want to know the accurate story.
1958	teemo	2012-04-29	It's probably just excess evil to supplement Ramsay being cut.I wouldn't be surprised if Joffrey rides up to Winterfell in episode ten, demands Theon "eat these kittens if you're so bad," and then burns the place down with his crimson eye beams.Is it official that Ramsay is cut?  I thought it was just unknown.
1959	rmanoj	2012-04-26	I don't think non-readers would get a particularly clear understanding of the actual war just from watching these episodes. I assume Robb is invading the Westerlands (was that mentioned in this episode? I don't recall), so what is Tywin doing in Harrenhal? Is he confronting some other enemy force in the region? There haven't been any mentions of separate Northern armies after the Green Fork, and Roose is apparently with Robb in the West. What about the River Lords? Edmure? Does he exist?  It's understandable that they don't want to cast more people, but some of this stuff could at least be mentioned in conversation. 
There's also the issue of Stannis and Renly's meeting, which people have already brought up in other threads. Stannis just shows up out of nowhere with no buildup, and the huge disparity in size between the two armies wasn't really stated explicitly. And then Davos smuggles Melisandre into Storm's End, or at least into some caverns or tunnels somewhere....whilst Renly's army is encamped on an open field. I would say that merging the two assassinations was probably a good idea, but they didn't really think it through - it could have made sense if they'd just shown Renly in a castle.
1960	RSasoiaf	2012-04-29	They seem to believe sex and gore sells more then a consistent story.
I pray to the seven they are right and that they can pull 4 or 5 seasons. I do have some fear they will not be able to finish the story because general interest will not back the production numbers they would need. But they are the ones in this business so we will have to give it a try and see what comes out.
1961	boojam	2012-04-29	I don't think non-readers would get a particularly clear understanding of the actual war just from watching these episodes. I assume Robb is invading the Westerlands (was that mentioned in this episode? I don't recall), so what is Tywin doing in Harrenhal? Is he confronting some other enemy force in the region? There haven't been any mentions of separate Northern armies after the Green Fork, and Roose is apparently with Robb in the West. What about the River Lords? Edmure? Does he exist?  It's understandable that they don't want to cast more people, but some of this stuff could at least be mentioned in conversation.Last episode , last season Tywin said that his forces would, I guess that means the ones who were with him, would regroup at Harrenhal, took till episode 4 this year, we have to surmise the rest of his army was somewhere else at huge Harrenhal, or encamped outside.I can't remember from the books where Jamie's defeated forces regrouped. Tywin , in the books, not in the show I think, says that he had or was raising another army at Casterly Rock , I can't remember who was leading them, or who took over for Jamie. Seems the Mountain never commanded an army but was an axillary force spreading good will throughout the realm. (Always thought his slash and burn tactics , if the Lanisters succeed (or will they?)that it would leave a hostile country, hard if not impossible to rule.)There's also the issue of Stannis and Renly's meeting, which people have already brought up in other threads. Stannis just shows up out of nowhere with no buildup, and the huge disparity in size between the two armies wasn't really stated explicitly. And then Davos smuggles Melisandre into Storm's End, or at least into some caverns or tunnels somewhere....whilst Renly's army is encamped on an open field. I would say that merging the two assassinations was probably a good idea, but they didn't really think it through - it could have made sense if they'd just shown Renly in a castle.Even in the books I could never exactly get a handle on tactics and logistics, I mean there is a big picture frame , we kind of know who is allied with who and sort of who won what battle and who controlled what lands, but GRRM is more interested in character story arcs, which was ok with me.Even after Blackwater things still seem a chaotic mess.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 29 April 2012 - 10:27 AM.
1962	House Snow	2012-04-29	It doesn't seem that confusing to me.  Both Barantheons have stated they want to take KL (Stannis multiple times, Renly to LF), but stand in each others way.  Meanwhile Starks are fighting the Lannister.  To the viewers it would just be someplace on a map, I don't think they really have to have some sort of geography lesson-it would be cool but not necessary
Unless I missed i, I  don't think they said anything about storms landing so why would the viewing public be confused about it.  They will just assum that the two armies are camping near each other.  Its not like the scenerey was inconsistent.  They were clearly by water in renly stannis meeting, so what would it be confusing that there was some access somewhere else by water.  Again maybe I missed them say storms end, but otherwise it would be consistent with what was seen on TV.
1963	_Oberyn_	2012-04-29	And now, presumably, Cat will have to go meet Robb in the Westerlands. Sounds very safe /blink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':blink:' />
1964	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-25	Is this confirmed now?
I recall there was an exchange this episode, either between him and Stannis or him and Melisandre that seemed to heavily imply that he just had the one son.
I guess the books were overkill in that they had a whole brood of Seaworths exterminated without us really being introduced to them.
1965	jugdesh258	2012-04-27	Probably...
They only need one Son die to create the illusion.  I'd bet on screen Davos sees it himself up front and personal like
1966	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-27	Yeah more dramatic if we see Davos lose his one and only son. It will only heighten the tension between him and Melisandre going into season 3.
1967	Lebronn Jaime	2012-04-27	Except Devan is also Stannis' squire and Mel's bodyguard.
...and still alive as of book 5.
1968	Top Notch Balanter	2012-04-27	Except Devan is also Stannis' squire and Mel's bodyguard....and still alive as of book 5.A character who unfortunetly can easily be cut or else replaced
1969	Greywolf2375	2012-04-27	While it would be interesting to see the Westeros version of 'The Sullivan Brothers", having only one son does give us the connection - trying to introduce all of his sons just takes screen time.  As long as we see either Davos see his son or directly see his son lost then the impact is there.  Course, they could decide to go in a different direction and then all bets are off as to the Mel/Davos interplay.
1970	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-27	Except Devan is also Stannis' squire and Mel's bodyguard....and still alive as of book 5.Didn't stop them killing off a ko early.
1971	tryagainlater	2012-04-27	I remember Liam Cunningham mentioning in an interview that Davos only had one son and that certainly seems to be the case. Seven sons would have been too much but I think it would have been better to have one older son to die at Blackwater and another to be a squire to Stannis. Oh well, it's not that big a deal
1972	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-27	I certainly wasn't implying that they should have introduced all the sons, they hardly did in the books.
I'd of made it 3 sons, had them mentioned once or twice, show them in episode 9 and feed them to the drowned god.
1973	Ser Chuck	2012-04-28	Is it really that hard to just say he has seven sons while only showing the one? Make the eldest his 2nd in command if you want to kill him in front of his father and just imply the others perished on their own ships. I would think Devan at least has something to do being so close to Stannis. The other two only give us the consolation that their mother isn't sitting alone in an empty keep.
1974	boojam	2012-04-28	I certainly wasn't implying that they should have introduced all the sons, they hardly did in the books.I'd of made it 3 sons, had them mentioned once or twice, show them in episode 9 and feed them to the drowned god.I agree with this. As I remember Davos's other sons are hardly 'on page' so no harm or narrative time eaten by mentioning them.Don't even need to show them.It did make Davos's loss more tragic.
							Edited by boojam, 28 April 2012 - 05:11 AM.
1975	Samalander	2012-04-28	I always thought Devan in the books is set up to kill/betray his own father because of his religion. How will they handle that in the future if he only has one son?
1976	The Monkey	2012-04-28	I think he should have at least two sons/children, as one needs to die on Blackwater for Davos to start really hating Mel, and one needs to life for him to find motivation to live on.
1977	unRobert	2012-04-28	I always thought Devan in the books is set up to kill/betray his own father because of his religion. How will they handle that in the future if he only has one son?These tv show changes certainly imply that a lot of speculation the book readers have is now moot. Stannis telling Massey to keep the fight going for Shireen in the Theon gift chapter? I know it's somewhat ridiculous, but apparently the show tells us that grrm has no plans for Shireen or Devan. Are TV viewers as dumb as TV creators think? I guess it's the whole LCD thing, so just saying Davos has 7 seven sons will confuse all the fans who ?apparently? enjoy the whore-sex and overkill torture scenes. 1 is easier than 7.
1978	PrinceRhaegar	2012-04-28	I'd of made it 3 sons, had them mentioned once or twice, show them in episode 9 and feed them to the drowned god.Considering Mel's words in ep 2, I think Matthos will be given to Red God.
1979	turdle	2012-04-23	So what are we to make of the fact that tywinn makes arya his cup bearer? i don't remember exactly how things happen, but this seems to make it unlikely that arya will cross paths with roose at harrenhal.
1980	drigoly	2012-04-24	maybe he knows who she is and wants to be sure, so he made her his cupbearer to prove his suspicion?
1981	sennahoj	2012-04-24	I rather think he wanted to do the honourable thing on some level, being a nobleman after all, and protect a little girl alone among scum basically. I doubt he suspects something. As far as I am aware of, Tywin does not even know that Cersei doesn't have both Stark girls.
1982	Dacie	2012-04-24	I rather think he wanted to do the honourable thing on some level, being a nobleman after all, and protect a little girl alone among scum basically. I doubt he suspects something. As far as I am aware of, Tywin does not even know that Cersei doesn't have both Stark girls.You are right about that. When Tyrion gets to KL and realizes they don't have Arya he says something along the lines of "Wait til father finds out".
1983	shadow of death	2012-04-24	Couldn't she still end up as Roose's cup bearer when he takes over Harrenhal?
1984	Arkash	2012-04-24	Well, if we assume Roose is to take the place of Ramsay in the sack of Winterfell, doubt he'll have time to be at Harrenhal too...
1985	Monk Meth-	2012-04-24	Well, if we assume Roose is to take the place of Ramsay in the sack of Winterfell, doubt he'll have time to be at Harrenhal too...Well, if we assume Roose is to take the place of Ramsay in the sack of Winterfell, doubt he'll have time to be at Harrenhal too...no way that will happen... is it suppose to happen like that? ramsay can't be cut from the series :\
1986	sennahoj	2012-04-24	no way that will happen... is it suppose to happen like that? ramsay can't be cut from the series :\I've never thought about merging Ramsay and Roose but it could work on the series. Granted, it would be a loss, but it's entirely possible that Roose is sent North to drive out the Ironborn and uses that opportunity to seize Winterfell, rather than Theon trusting in the prisoner Reek/Ramsay to get reinforcements for Theon from the Dreadfort. Plus, Roose could pay the Freys a visit on the way north. It would be a regrettable, but understandable simplification, if the producers chose to go that way.
1987	Reposado	2012-04-24	I've never thought about merging Ramsay and Roose but it could work on the series. Granted, it would be a loss, but it's entirely possible that Roose is sent North to drive out the Ironborn and uses that opportunity to seize Winterfell, rather than Theon trusting in the prisoner Reek/Ramsay to get reinforcements for Theon from the Dreadfort. Plus, Roose could pay the Freys a visit on the way north. It would be a regrettable, but understandable simplification, if the producers chose to go that way.i think this is very likely, since they changed the battle plan in season one, i wondered how they would maneuver roose to harrenhal. now i bet they don't.
1988	David bc	2012-04-24	i think this is very likely, since they changed the battle plan in season one, i wondered how they would maneuver roose to harrenhal. now i bet they don't.I'd like to gloat and point out I was the first one to roll out this theory... and i took a beating for it.
1989	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	i think this is very likely, since they changed the battle plan in season one, i wondered how they would maneuver roose to harrenhal. now i bet they don't.In the long term, they need Ramsey.  Unless Roose is going to be the most schitzo Lord ever!
1990	Milcov	2012-04-24	How could they keep up with Ros while cutting someone like Ramsay? It'd be disgusting.
Though I imagine people may get confused as to why Arya wouldn't reveal herself to Roose if he was shown at Harrenhal
1991	Chelly	2012-04-24	Tywin won't stay in Harrenhal for too long assuming they follow the books, so there could be some room for Roose to take over. I don't think they will cut Ramsay, but its still too early too tell. I'm waiting holding out for some mention of the Bastard of the Bolton. If he is brought up throughout the course of season 2, it is still very possible for him to come in on season 3. if there is no mention...a pity. He's a fantastic villain. Merging him with Roose does make a lot of sense. Roose already expressed to Robb his fondness for flaying. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Either way, I am looking forward to some Tywin and Arya interaction. I'm already fascinated by these two.
1992	_Oberyn_	2012-04-24	So Roose just dances his way past the Neck all the way north, burns winterfel, comes back down to for a nice weading. Heads back north again, but cant get past the neck so he materializes himself north again with another army to take the neck and welcome himself... /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />
1993	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-24	It's still possible that she'll become Roose's when Tywin leaves. I could still picture Bolton senior taking over Harrenhal before S2's end.
Still, I think cutting Ramsay was one of their biggest mistakes this season. If they replaced some of this whore/brothel/Ros crap with "Reek"/Theon and even Ramsay/Roose scenes (perhaps even Ramsay/Reek/Rodrik's encounter) then he'd probably be seeded enough to become Prince Theon's right-hand-man, and ultimately take over Winterfell at the end with his stroke of evil genius. It was the perfect end to Theon's ill-advised reign -- being deposed by a monster twenty times worse than him.
Such a shame.
1994	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	I doubt that we'll see Roose sacking Winterfell in this season. He can't do it, just as Robb could not gallop back to save the day. The Ironborn are going to block his way just as they did block Robb's way in the books. The fact that Ramsay is not cast does only mean that the whole Hornwood subplot will be dropped (there will be no 'Reek' in the dungeons of Winterfell). But I'm quite sure that the Bolton soldiers will still betray Ser Rodrik in the end of this seasons. We might even get a glimpse of Ramsay (i.e. the commander of the Dreadfort men).
Roose meeting with Jaime at Harrenhal is too important a plot point in season 3. He will take over the castle.
But I guess the Brave Companions will be dropped (or if they are introduced in season 3 they will be Roose's men/a sellsword company in his employ) this season. The Weasel soup subplot will not be to break captive Northmen out, it will be about opening the gates of Harrenhal to Roose's army.
1995	Fez	2012-04-24	I've never thought about merging Ramsay and Roose but it could work on the series. Granted, it would be a loss, but it's entirely possible that Roose is sent North to drive out the Ironborn and uses that opportunity to seize Winterfell, rather than Theon trusting in the prisoner Reek/Ramsay to get reinforcements for Theon from the Dreadfort. Plus, Roose could pay the Freys a visit on the way north. It would be a regrettable, but understandable simplification, if the producers chose to go that way.I could easily see this. However if it goes down this way, I don't see how Roose gets back to the Freys in time for the Red Wedding; and he really should be there for that.
1996	jarl the climber	2012-04-24	I did read something that said that Roose would mostly be seen with Arya this season. They did have an actor cast as Vargo Hoat for this season. Amory Lorch is there as well so it should stay half way close to the book at Harrenhal. I think they made her Tywins cupbearer so they could give a reason for her not having Jaqen kill him. It also gives us a PoV on Tywin.
Roose could just have his castelan handle things at Winterfell, are Meera an Jojen going to appaer this season.
1997	_Oberyn_	2012-04-24	Nope, and Jojen may never appear.
1998	TheLightningLord	2012-04-24	All this speculation about cutting Ramsay makes my head hurt ;-;
1999	Envie	2012-04-24	I don't know about all the Roose / Ramsay speculations but I'm actually ok with the change of having Arya become Tywin's cup bearer instead of Bolton. Since the events are already a bit out of sequence and we know they need to cut scenes / characters where they can - this seems a logical change to make without changing the overall plot line too much. We know Arya has to be a servant of the castle in order for Jaqen to play out his three names for her, but it doesn't matter so much if she's not "Nan" and "Weasel" and all that. Weasel Soup was a great scene, but they may not do it that way in the end of her time at Harrenhal. I think so long as the general idea remains the same for the Jaqen / Arya interactions I'm fine with other changes to it. Being Tywin's cup bearer is a very minor detail change.
2000	turdle	2012-04-24	Couldn't she still end up as Roose's cup bearer when he takes over Harrenhal?she could, but that would be kind of redundant at this point, and the way they seem to be fast-tracking her story by combining scenes makes it seem unlikely to me that they would effectively double up on one element of her story.  when tywin said that, i immediatly thought, "oh they're going to have her escape while tywin is there, that way she kills a lanister, and not a northman."
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 24 April 2012 - 09:47 PM.
2001	turdle	2012-04-24	I don't know about all the Roose / Ramsay speculations but I'm actually ok with the change of having Arya become Tywin's cup bearer instead of Bolton. Since the events are already a bit out of sequence and we know they need to cut scenes / characters where they can - this seems a logical change to make without changing the overall plot line too much. We know Arya has to be a servant of the castle in order for Jaqen to play out his three names for her, but it doesn't matter so much if she's not "Nan" and "Weasel" and all that. Weasel Soup was a great scene, but they may not do it that way in the end of her time at Harrenhal. I think so long as the general idea remains the same for the Jaqen / Arya interactions I'm fine with other changes to it. Being Tywin's cup bearer is a very minor detail change.for the most part i agree with that, but i will miss the irony that arya helps free bolton only to have bolton do what he does to her family (if infact they skip that part).
2002	IronSuitor	2012-04-24	Episode 6's plot summary includes "Arya gets a surprise visit." Since according to the summaries this is after she meets up with Jaqen, I was having a hard time thinking who it would be besides Roose.
On the HBO website the quote under Bolton's portrait is Robb saying "He's good at skinning men alive, but diplomacy..." I can't think of any diplomatic mission he was sent on in the books, so I think either his time at Harrenhall or his trip up North will be explained that way. It also leads me to believe that Roose's cooperation with Tywin might be made more explicit to the viewers, though that would ruin the "Jaime Lannister sends his regards" payoff.
2003	summer_stark	2012-04-24	i will be seriously pissed if they cut out weasel soup.  they are already going to be changing the first death, since there's no weese--the whole northman bust out is like the highlight of her season 2 storyline.  that and the escape, of course--but i would be super bummed if they cut that scene. though reading what people have said, i could see it--in terms of streamlining--but the whole 3rd death part and how that makes jaqen respect her and even fear her, seems to be why he gives her the coin--like he thinks she's got potential.
and i agree re: cutting down on whores to add in ramsay and give her storyline some time to breathe. plus, her as tywin's cupbearer, although it should make for interesting tv, makes me wonder how they will avoid her picking tywin--i get the sense that he will be kind to her--and maybe it will play out the same way as in teh books--that she hears some stuff right as tywin is leaving.  tywin has to leave anyway b/c of the blackwater, so hopefully it will be early enough that someone else can come in and take over--even if roose isn't there--at least she can free the northmen--
2004	Catastrophe	2012-04-25	for the most part i agree with that, but i will miss the irony that arya helps free bolton only to have bolton do what he does to her family (if infact they skip that part).She never freed Roose. She freed two other Northern commanders (Glover and Tallheart, IIRC). Roose came later, to hold Harrenhal once the Northmen had already taken the castle.
2005	SerArthurHeath	2012-04-25	If Roose doesn't go to Harrenhal, does Tywin get given Jaime, disfigured by Hoat? How is that going to work? (Hoat would die very very very quickly). Someone ostensibly on the "Starks' side" needs to take Harrenhal for that to occur. Is Hoat going to appear? Or are the horrible suggestions that Jaime loses his hand pre-release correct?
2006	turdle	2012-04-25	She never freed Roose. She freed two other Northern commanders (Glover and Tallheart, IIRC). Roose came later, to hold Harrenhal once the Northmen had already taken the castle.you may be right, i may have confused the details.
2007	congokong	2012-04-25	Tywin won't stay in Harrenhal for too long assuming they follow the books, so there could be some room for Roose to take over. I don't think they will cut Ramsay, but its still too early too tell. I'm waiting holding out for some mention of the Bastard of the Bolton. If he is brought up throughout the course of season 2, it is still very possible for him to come in on season 3. if there is no mention...a pity. He's a fantastic villain. Merging him with Roose does make a lot of sense. Roose already expressed to Robb his fondness for flaying. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />Either way, I am looking forward to some Tywin and Arya interaction. I'm already fascinated by these two.Why would they make Arya Tywin's cupbearer unless they wanted to cut out Roose's role at Harrenhal? I dread this show taking out Ramsay. Although his role is small in the 2nd book, and he does not appear in the 3rd or 4th; he pretty much is the great villian of the north in the 5th. The Roose/Ramsay dynamic was also one of my favorite parts of that book.Roose taking one of Ramsay's lines only sours my hopes. It seemed rather stupid and reckless of Roose to suggest doing something that was supposedly outlawed a thousand years ago. Is Robb supposed to believe the Dreadfort doesn't do that if Roose has so casually suggested it to his face.
2008	turdle	2012-04-25	Roose taking one of Ramsay's lines only sours my hopes. It seemed rather stupid and reckless of Roose to suggest doing something that was supposedly outlawed a thousand years ago. Is Robb supposed to believe the Dreadfort doesn't do that if Roose has so casually suggested it to his face.i agree, i thought it was another example of HBO trying to rush info about a character into the story when it A- doesn't make sense for that character to be saying what they are saying in the circumstance they are saying it in, and B- removes the gray area that should exist about that character (at least for the moment).  much like little fingers sexposition in season 1, although less significant given we're still a ways a way from bolton showing his true colors.i will say, however, that robb would not necessarily assume that roose would just flay people willy-nilly seeing as they are currently in the midst of a war, and wars tend to make people do things they normally wouldn't.  but still, roose is more careful than that.
2009	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-26	Cutting Ramsey would be a big clue that they have no plans to take it past book 3. That or they are not thinking that far ahead and will sort the problem then. I saw an interview last year where they said they wanted to get up to and do the RW justice but weren't sure if they'd continue after that.
Perhaps they'll do the next two series (for book 3) and then take a couple year break while they figure out how they're going to sort out the narrative. I imagine though as Ramsey isn't big until book 5 they wouldn't like to introduce him until that series. They probably don't think the viewer has the attention to track a character every year from series 2 until 4.
2010	The Monkey	2012-04-26	Cutting Ramsey would be a big clue that they have no plans to take it past book 3. That or they are not thinking that far ahead and will sort the problem then. I saw an interview last year where they said they wanted to get up to and do the RW justice but weren't sure if they'd continue after that.Perhaps they'll do the next two series (for book 3) and then take a couple year break while they figure out how they're going to sort out the narrative. I imagine though as Ramsey isn't big until book 5 they wouldn't like to introduce him until that series. They probably don't think the viewer has the attention to track a character every year from series 2 until 4.The Wire could have a minor detail mentioned in season 1, and then expect to viewer to pick up on it when they re-explored it in season 5. And that's considered my many, if not most, people to be the best TV show ever made. If the GoT writers ever want to achieve long-living critical claim and leave an artistic legacy, they can't go around being to blatant and obvious about every damn thing. Subtlety rewards repeated viewings and dedication.I love the show, but they simplify too much at times.
2011	Isabella Stark	2012-04-26	Why would they make Arya Tywin's cupbearer unless they wanted to cut out Roose's role at Harrenhal?Lots of reasons:- Maisie Williams is doing a great job as Arya and they wanted to give her some scenes with another great actor (Charles Dance)- I think I read the producers specifically saying this- avoids having to introduce even more new characters (ie., that sadistic jerk she works for while Lannisters control the castle)- expands Tywin's role in the show (as opposed to the book where he's only seen from afar)- useful way for Arya to learn about how the war is going- combines Arya being awesome with some exposition- arya-sposition, way better than sexposition- Explanation for why Arya doesn't have Jagen kill Tywin.  He's directing the war against her brother; and tv-show Arya is old enough to know that and know that killing him would help her family. However, Tywin has saved Gendry from torture and death, and being his cupbearer, Arya would see Tywin as a person and would find it harder to have him killled.  Presents interesting moral dilemna for Arya and interesting area to explore for her character growth.Based on plot descriptions, I think Weasel soup (or some variation) is still on the table. One of the future episodes features a description to the effect of "Arya calls in her debt with Jag'hen, in a manner he doesn't like."I don't think they'll cut much of Arya's stuff from ACOK. It's some of the best stuff from the book, and everyone's recognized that Maisie Williams is awesome.Maybe this is wishful thinking on my part (I hope not).  The Boltons are some of my favorite characters and I'd hate to see them cut.
2012	RockoftheLions	2012-04-28	Or are the horrible suggestions that Jaime loses his hand pre-release correct?That would be horrible! I can imagine it being used as his season cliffhanger, but if Catelyn is involved, I'll probably lose all sympathy for show-her. I can understand changing the cup bearer situation, but to completely eradicate major events like the Weasel soup and time of Jaime's maiming would change the entire storyline. Already they're messing with Jeyne/Alyssa and most likely replacing Alyayaya (sp?) with Ros. I really hope it's not dumbed down too much.
2013	Lord Godric	2012-04-28	So Roose just dances his way past the Neck all the way north, burns winterfel, comes back down to for a nice weading. Heads back north again, but cant get past the neck so he materializes himself north again with another army to take the neck and welcome himself... /bs.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bs:' />lol, that puts it into presceptive.  I don't think that Ramsey has been entirely cut from the series, I just think he (like the Reeds) will be pushed back to next season.  I don't think this season will progress so far that Bran and his gang emerge from the crypts to find Winterfell razed.  And even if they do, I don't think we need to have Ramsey explained as a character.  We could just have random Bolton men with a helmeted leader who next season will be introduced.
2014	kephv	2012-04-28	I saw an interview last year where they said they wanted to get up to and do the RW justice but weren't sure if they'd continue after that.I think you're misremembering. They've said previously that they're committed to the show however long it takes.
2015	Anduin Lothar	2012-04-25	You would think instead of focusing so much of how dispicable Joffrey is they could used some of that time to show Bran's story but I guess at this point in the series itrs not very significant...  Thought maybe this would be the episode where Bran talk about Ramsay and Lady Hornwood and also introduce Meera and Reed.
2016	jugdesh258	2012-04-27	I think Meera and Jojen are seeming late to the party at this point.  I will be disappointed if they are not there.  Lot of buz suggests they will not show.
I suppose Bran could work it out himself if they make him have all the dreams himself.  Jojen has one foot in the grave but I think Meera is an important character for Bran since he thinks she is hot.  I think she has an important part of the sacrifice Bran ends up making to follow his destiny.  He already can't be a knight
I would like to see Bran going about telling people they will drown....too much to hope for.
Also the relationship between Ed Stark and the Reed father seems important to our favorite Jon Snow Threads
2017	Tadco26	2012-04-27	If the Reeds come around it appears it won't be til next season, likewise with Ramsay, as neither has been cast.
2018	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	So from Littlefinger's discussion with Cat, I'm assuming this is one of the things we will see brought forward?
Tyrion hasn't sent off the men to try and and free Jaime so I think they are going to skip his escape attempt (not exactly important to the plot),
Could we see Cat free Jaime into Brienne's custody earlier than planned? Perhaps the "Man Without Honor" from episode 7 could allude to Jaime? As in Brienne will scold him in their travels for having no honor because of his kingslaying past?
I loved the chemistry of the two characters in the book and their journey to Kings Landing was one of my favourite parts of the series. Would love to see this earlier.
2019	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	I think LF serves three purposes in Renly's camp. 
1) He'll persuade Cat to release Jaime. 
2) Post-Renly he'll broker marrying Margery to Joff. 
3) He'll teach the world how to score with widows in the sand moment as you literally present them with their husband's remains.
2020	wolverine	2012-04-25	I think LF serves three purposes in Renly's camp.1) He'll persuade Cat to release Jaime.As I have said before the show continually makes Cat more likeable than the book.  Just my opinion but I kinda hated her in the book and in the show she is not even remotely detestable, actually quite likeable.Littlefinger, a complete weasely liar whom she somehow still trusts, gives her more of an out by telling her they have both of her daughters.  So now the dumbest thing she does in the books has a bit more credence in the show.  Do the starks or people in the North have no spies?  You would think that Roose would know they don't have Arya and when he was still with the Starks he would tell them the Lannisters do not have Arya.  Especially since Sansa's letter, AFAIR, made no mention of Arya.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 25 April 2012 - 09:20 PM.
2021	Zappotack	2012-04-25	I think LF serves three purposes in Renly's camp.1) He'll persuade Cat to release Jaime.2) Post-Renly he'll broker marrying Margery to Joff.3) He'll teach the world how to score with widows in the sand moment as you literally present them with their husband's remains.In the books he was my favorite characters and every Tyrion chapter I was hoping to see him, now I'm hoping for an episode without him, the characters don't even resemble each other any more, and to think I thought he was so well done in season one.
2022	turdle	2012-04-25	yes, jaime is practically gone as far as i'm concerned.  a- they already used up a lot of the dialog from the cat/jaime scene in acok in season 1.  b- they've had tyrion imply that cat "might" release jaime. c- the scene with cat and petyr all but sealed the deal.
the unfortunate thing is that it will cut out my favorite scene in acok.  it's not the same to take some dialog and dump it into season 1, the reason that dialog is so great, is because of the context. jaime has been locked up for so long, and cat is at her wits end having just learned about what went down at winterfel. all that tension, what's cat going to do? now she's going to cut him loose without all that loss, all that pain.  HBO sacrificing story for the sake of getting jaime and LF more screen time. sigh.
2023	Xander Baratheon	2012-04-26	Releasing Jaime early was all but inevitable since they have already ran out of things to do with him for the season if they just stay with the ACOK storyline. Also, it'll make Brienne more important faster. Just following Cat around after Renly isn't that interesting.
2024	Pellaeon	2012-04-26	Do the starks or people in the North have no spies?Spies are not honorable, so no. And Bolton search always his advantage
2025	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-26	They should bring forward the events at Winterfell if (and it seems very likely) they are going to release Jaime early. The whole point around the release and excuses Robb & his lords made for her actions was her grief. If Cat releases them before Bran & Rickons "death" it will kill her motivations.
2026	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-26	Indeed; I really don't like the implication here. Cat freeing Jaime was fueled out of loss and grief and a thin lining of hope, but if she's just straight up fooled by LF into making the trade... eh. I'd take the first scenario over the second.
2027	scurvy	2012-04-26	I figure that episode refers to two people- Theon Turncloak and the Kingthlayer.  Theon kills the boys... Cat's response with Brienne... Cat's conversation with Jaime with a flagon of wine... Cat's release of Jaime.  No need for any other sets- just Winerfell and Riverru... oops, nevermind.
2028	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-26	I'm also reminded of an interview I saw with Nikolaj Coster-Waldau before the season aired. He said episode 7 was his favourite. Surely he will be the "Man with No Honor" for that reason. I'm thinking we will see a shortened version of his travels with Brienne (no Brienne single handedly sinking a ship /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />) with him becoming much more 'armless at the end of the episode.
2029	turdle	2012-04-26	I'm also reminded of an interview I saw with Nikolaj Coster-Waldau before the season aired. He said episode 7 was his favourite. Surely he will be the "Man with No Honor" for that reason. I'm thinking we will see a shortened version of his travels with Brienne (no Brienne single handedly sinking a ship /sad.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />) with him becoming much more 'armless at the end of the episode.if they're going to bust jaime out early, it doesn't make any sense to me for them to shorten their journey.  just going to have jaime sitting around kings landing with nothing to do until after joffs wedding?  if anything, i think they should take their time with the journey and let the story play out.  but you're probably right, they'll probably rush jaime back to KL so they can get more scenes with LF and ros.
2030	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-27	I also don't get how they are busting Jaime out. IIRC Robb leaves Kingslayer at RIverrun whilst he goes west to fight Steffon Lannister and harry the west but he said in ep01 he'd never leave Jaime anywhere he'd take him with him. Does that mean Jaime gets bust out from Robbs own camp whilst he's in command. I mean that would really knock the "great military commander" myth HBO are trying to build him up with not to mention make the men under him suspicious that he released Jaime not his mother. Maybe in this adaption Robb will take the blame and say he ordered it to protect his mother/reputation?
2031	boojam	2012-04-27	Indeed; I really don't like the implication here. Cat freeing Jaime was fueled out of loss and grief and a thin lining of hope, but if she's just straight up fooled by LF into making the trade... eh. I'd take the first scenario over the second.From those fragmentary HBO trailers before the start of S2, and knowing what happens in E5 , at Renly's camp, I don't think Cat makes it back to Robb's camp until E6. I figure they are going to speed up Theon's story , so what happens at Winterfell will probably be covered by the end of E6. So the whole set up with Cat will be in place for Jamie's release will probably happen in E7, E8 will probably have stuff from the start of SoS , since we know what E9 is the two most mysterious episodes are 8 and 10.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 27 April 2012 - 06:22 AM.
2032	teemo	2012-04-23	I did a little/lot research and have the approximate amount of screen-time for each major character, and some minor ones.  Speaking isn't necessary to get minutes, you just have to be on-screen.  I'm not claiming it's perfect, but it's pretty damn close.  I would also like to keep continuing this in the future, because it's pretty interesting.THIS IS TOTAL AMOUNT OF SCREEN-TIME FROM EPISODES 1-4Tyrion Lannister - 35:26Arya Stark - 24:31Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 22:13Varys - 22:13 (seriously, same as LF)Davos Seaworth - 22:01Theon Greyjoy - 19:00Melisandre - 18:32Gendry* - 18:07Stannis Baratheon - 16:40Cersei Lannister* - 16:22Jon Snow - 16:06Renly Baratheon - 15:04Catelyn Stark - 15:03Daenerys Targaryen - 14:03Joffrey Baratheon -  13:50Robb Stark - 13:23Sansa Stark -  11:38Ros - 11:00Brienne Tarth - 10:15Loras Tyrell - 9:16Margaery Tyrell - 9:08Shae - 8:32Grand Maester Pycelle - 8:17Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 8:05Samwell Tarly - 7:38Balon Greyjoy - 7:34Bran Stark - 7:15Xaro Xhoan Daxos - 5:58Sandor Clegane/The Hound* - 5:04Jaime Lannister - 3:29Roose Bolton - 2:13Tywin Lannister - 2:13UPDATE: added Sandor Clegane, Balon Greyjoy, Xaro Xhoan Daxos, Tywin Lannister, Gendry, Samwell Tarly, and fixed Cersei Lannister's.*Cersei - fixed her time, I was four minutes under.*Gendry - highly inflated because he spends all of his time with Arya.  He speaks very little.  The vast majority of his dialogue was in the scene between him and Arya about her true gender/name.*The Hound - has only had 3 lines so far.If you are interested in me adding to this next week and the weeks after, please like this post so I know it's not all for nothing.  Thanks /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 25 April 2012 - 02:08 AM.
2033	boojam	2012-04-24	Poor Nikolaj , he has already complained about this in a good natured way.
As I remember, in this novel, Jamie just does not get a lot of page time.
In SoS he and Brienne get quite a lot.
2034	Plem	2012-04-24	Ros having more screentime than Sansa makes me feel sick.
2035	GoldenFleece	2012-04-24	Poor Nikolaj , he has already complained about this in a good natured way.As I remember, in this novel, Jamie just does not get a lot of page time.In SoS he and Brienne get quite a lot.Yep Jaime doesn't become a major character til the third book.  Without the Reeds, Bran's story doesn't get going until Theon captures Winterfell, which probably will be in the next two episodes, same with Dany - can't wait for the House of the Undying - they better not cut it, but the firat apperance of Pyat Pree last episode shows they probably won't.LF and Varys are getting too much time imo.  I'm okay with Tyrion because he is the most central character in the 2nd book.
2036	My Little Kraken	2012-04-24	Can you figure it out for Balon, Sam Tarley and Gendry please?  Whatever they've had, it's not been enough.
2037	ForgottenFace	2012-04-24	Just to be clear, it's minutes:seconds? Because I don't get why you're using 60+.
2038	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	cut joff in half, take ros out, and drop varys and littlefinger by half and season 2 might be on track.  right now, everything should be hyping up the battles at KL and beyond the wall.
2039	My Little Kraken	2012-04-24	Just to be clear, it's minutes:seconds? Because I don't get why you're using 60+.So that could mean that Sansa has had 11:38...  Yes, I'm confused now.
2040	Reposado	2012-04-24	Yep Jaime doesn't become a major character til the third book. yeah, but i figured they would push a bunch of his ASOS scenes into season 2. Perhaps they still will.
2041	scurvy	2012-04-24	Less Littlefinger.  No Ros.  A little less Robb.  More Hound/Sansa and Cat would make it better so far, IMO.
Bran will shine with Theon, but if they don't have Meera/Jojen I'm going to be pissed.  Reek is also major.  All of Ros means none of them and it's grating.
2042	Mad Queen	2012-04-24	Characters who has had too much screen time IMO (names in bold WAY TOO MUCH screen time):Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 22:13Renly Baratheon - 15:04Daenerys Targaryen - 13:63Robb Stark - 12:83Ros - 11:00Loras Tyrell - 9:16Margaery Tyrell - 9:08Jaime Lannister - 3:29Why Jaime? He has no story, shouldn't have had any screen time. 3:29 wasted that they could have used to flesh out the Hound, for instance.LF and Ros WTF!I might have included Joffrey in the list, except the actor is so good.
2043	Lord Barristan	2012-04-24	Characters who has had too much screen time IMO (names in bold WAY TOO MUCH screen time):Why Jaime? He has no story, shouldn't have had any screen time. 3:29 wasted that they could have used to flesh out the Hound, for instance.LF and Ros WTF!I might have included Joffrey in the list, except the actor is so good.If the LF was like the LF in the book it would be one thing, but this LF is terrible. he isn't sarcastic, he has no humor, he isn't witty, he has very little swagger, he doesn't seem sly, everything he is says seems blunt.. God I hate the actor. His voice bothers me and he can't remember what accent he should be speaking inAnother thing about LF's character in the book is that part of the mystery to him is we don't know what he's doing when he's off screen. In A Clash of King's we don't know what he's doing when he goes to Highgarden, and it makes it all the more surprising when he helps broker the alliance.In A Storm of Swords, I personally had no idea he was the one who was behind Joff's murder and Sansa's escape.I don't like what they are doing with the character
					
					
							Edited by Lord Barristan, 24 April 2012 - 10:24 AM.
2044	Fez	2012-04-24	Littlefinger definitely has too much screen time; I'm fine with Varys though because that actor is amazing and is exactly the way I thought Varys would be.  I tend to just ignore Ros (although that was impossible last night) so whatevs on that count.
Otherwise though, it all looks fairly reasonable. Although, seeing Tyrion's screen time stand out so far from anyone else's, reinforces my belief that HBO should've submitted Peter Dinklage's name for a Best Actor emmy, not another Supporting Actor one.  Guess they want him up against easier competition.
					
					
							Edited by Fez, 24 April 2012 - 11:00 AM.
2045	Mendoza	2012-04-24	Arya is really getting alot of screen time, despite not showing up til the last second of the first episode.  And her screen time has been good. 
Littlefinger is overexposed and being used poorly.  Compare him to the Spider, who's screen time has been wonderful and efficient.
The show needs to give Sansa and the Hound a good five minute scene.
Shae's screen time feels like its been twice as long. Danny's feels twice as short.
2046	Jory	2012-04-24	Dang, Davos and Stannis are getting a lot more screentime than I thought they were O_O
2047	Jory	2012-04-24	Littlefinger is overexposed and being used poorly.  Compare him to the Spider, who's screen time has been wonderful and efficient.Yeah, I don't know where the hell they're trying to go with him, but this season he's really been one of the series' catastrophic failures.
2048	Tytus	2012-04-24	Done a little/lot research and have the approximate amount of screen-time for each major character, and some minor ones.  Speaking isn't necessary to get minutes, you just have to be on-screen.  I'm not claiming it's perfect, but it's pretty damn close.  I would also like to keep continuing this in the future, because it's pretty interesting. Ros getting more screen-time than Sansa and Bran stuck out to me.THIS IS TOTAL AMOUNT OF SCREEN-TIME FROM EPISODES 1-4Tyrion Lannister - 35:26Arya Stark - 24:31Petyr Baelish/Littlefinger - 22:13Varys - 22:13 (seriously, same as LF)Davos Seaworth - 22:01Theon Greyjoy - 19:00Melisandre - 18:32Stannis Baratheon - 16:40Jon Snow - 16:06Renly Baratheon - 15:04Catelyn Stark - 15:03Daenerys Targaryen - 14:03Joffrey Baratheon -  13:50Robb Stark - 13:23Cersei Lannister - 12:50Sansa Stark -   11:38Ros - 11:00Brienne Tarth - 10:15Loras Tyrell - 9:16Margaery Tyrell - 9:08Shae - 8:32Grand Maester Pycelle - 8:17Asha/Yara Greyjoy - 8:05Bran Stark - 7:15Jaime Lannister - 3:29Roose Bolton - 2:23Adjusting these to correct min:sec... looks like Sansa has a few seconds more than Ros after all. Not that it matters, 11 minutes of Ros is 11 minutes too many.That SNL skit is becoming less and less of an exaggeration.
2049	teemo	2012-04-24	Fixed the time errors...will do the requested characters in a bit.
2050	Morrigan	2012-04-24	Wow. Ros has more screen time than Shae, Asha, and Bran and about as much as Sansa and... CERSEI? Yeah, that doesn't sound right... oh wait. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
I had no idea Davos, Stannis and Mel had that much screen time. Thought they had been underused, to be honest...
Where's the Hound? That he's not even in the list is depressing.
Tyrion and Arya topping the list reassures me somewhat. They were the primary stars of ACoK, after all.
2051	Davos55	2012-04-24	Ros and Shae combined having the 5th most screen time is pathetic and makes me want to throw up.
2052	dansnow	2012-04-24	Poor Bran's storyline has been gutted so badly. Almost every cut character is from his story arc, the Reeds, Little and Big Walders and Reek. Instead we get to watch Ros beat another whore and Shae suck at acting /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />
Edit: thanks for putting this together though
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 24 April 2012 - 01:26 PM.
2053	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	Tyrion, Arya, and Varys's chunks of screentime were so well spent.
Ros' 11 minutes seemed like 10 minutes too many, and I agree that many Littlefinger scenes miss the mark. I would have gladly traded with them for more sassy Renly moments.
2054	smidget25	2012-04-24	Ros and Shae combined having the 5th most screen time is pathetic and makes me want to throw up.I agree. There are legitimate characters getting shafted and for what?! So we can all squirm uncomfortably through a Ros scene. If she has an actual purpose I'm yet to discover it.
2055	Arkash	2012-04-24	I agree about Ros ! Nothing against her, but dont giver her more than 3 scenes a season !
2056	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-24	yep we need to dial back little finger.
2057	teemo	2012-04-24	Davos, Meli and Stannis seemed like they didn't have as much screen-time because they were underutilized and their scenes were more sparse.  Tyrion really didn't have any particularly long scenes, just a ton of 3-4 min chunks, but he really stood out.  Arya's scenes tended to be longer, and she had one of the longest scenes of over 9 minutes.
2058	Fredwin	2012-04-24	Should compile a list of how many lines(by sentence) each actor/actress has. This would give an even better gauge of screen presence. Arya barely speaks on screen, so that's why her time shown here seems inflated.
2059	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-24	If the LF was like the LF in the book it would be one thing, but this LF is terrible. he isn't sarcastic, he has no humor, he isn't witty, he has very little swagger, he doesn't seem sly, everything he is says seems blunt.. God I hate the actor. His voice bothers me and he can't remember what accent he should be speaking inOh, thank you, thank you!  I am so glad I'm not alone.  I will come out of the closet as a total Gillen hater.  He always has trouble hiding his accent; he always plays himself; his delivery in everything stinks.  He has never convinced me in anything - although I do admit to not seeing The Wire, so I can't comment on that one, folks.
2060	My Little Kraken	2012-04-24	Fixed the time errors...will do the requested characters in a bit.It would be insightful to see how this all pans out.  That is if you have the patience and time to take it for the whole season.  It is interesting to see which characters seem to make the most of their time and which ones simply take up time when all is said done.  I've loved Arya's, Theon's and Tyrion's time.   It is amazing to learn that Littlefinger and Varys have had the same amount because Littlefinger just seems to always be there.
2061	strifed169	2012-04-24	Every time I see Ros I use it as an opportunity to get a drink or snack
2062	turdle	2012-04-24	Littlefinger is overexposed and being used poorly.  Compare him to the Spider, who's screen time has been wonderful and efficient.i would say the main difference is that varys scenes are from the book... and LF's scenes come off as writers room "hey wouldn't it be cool if..." scenes.
					
					
							Edited by turdle, 24 April 2012 - 06:09 PM.
2063	The Monkey	2012-04-24	Oh, thank you, thank you!  I am so glad I'm not alone.  I will come out of the closet as a total Gillen hater.  He always has trouble hiding his accent; he always plays himself; his delivery in everything stinks.  He has never convinced me in anything - although I do admit to not seeing The Wire, so I can't comment on that one, folks.I didn't like Gillen's acting in The Wire either. It was otherwise an extremely well-acted show, even among the minor characters, so his poor performance stood out.
2064	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-24	Ros - 11:00Bran Stark - 7:15HBO is kidding me
					
					
							Edited by Cheese Pudding, 24 April 2012 - 06:12 PM.
2065	HouseLancaster	2012-04-24	Can you figure it out for Balon, Sam Tarley and Gendry please?  Whatever they've had, it's not been enough.Well Sam has probably had the same amount as Jon (he has had small scenes that Jon has not been in and kinda vica-versa.)Gendry, so far, has been in every single scene Ayra has been in (even if he's a sleep in the background)- so, they're about the same I suppose.I hope Ayra screen time keeps up since she has got the most consistant storyline, along with Tyrion, in this book. Plus she's been the best actor this year, he performances have had so many variations and layers to them - Tyrion is great but he's zinging about one-liners for the most part,he's gonna look cool.The big failing so far is lack of Jon. I think for TV audiances he is probably the character to latch on to and most identify-able as the hero archie-type of the story and would pick-up a lot that centric slack left by Ned.That should change soon, and the likes of Littlefinger, Joffery, Roz, Renly (you know what I'm mean) can be put to the background.
2066	teemo	2012-04-24	It would be insightful to see how this all pans out.  That is if you have the patience and time to take it for the whole season.  It is interesting to see which characters seem to make the most of their time and which ones simply take up time when all is said done.  I've loved Arya's, Theon's and Tyrion's time.   It is amazing to learn that Littlefinger and Varys have had the same amount because Littlefinger just seems to always be there.Thanks for the appreciation.  I plan to do this each week, as long as people seem to care about it.  I personally found it very interesting and pretty fun to do.  So if you appreciate this type of research, please like the original post of this thread.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I want to know that people actually are interested in this.  Update:  studying for finals, but next break I get tonight I'm going to find the minutes for Balon, Sandor, Gendry, and Sam as requested.  The reason I didn't include some of them before, especially Gendry, is that they are basically always there when another POV is.  So Gendry's time will most likely be a little inflated due to always being near Arya.  Maybe for the Hound and Gendry, I'll count lines as well as minutes to prevent that.  Thoughts?  I can't do that for every character right now, because that will just take me too much time at the moment.  But I can handle that for the minor ones with barely any lines. And Arya's time isn't inflated.  Even if she doesn't talk, those are her scenes.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 April 2012 - 06:42 PM.
2067	Hyper	2012-04-24	Ros and Shae combined having the 5th most screen time is pathetic and makes me want to throw up. /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> Really? Really? Lets add up some more minor characters - Oh NO their time is more than a major character. SHOCKING.This Ros fixation by people on the forum is getting ridiculous. This data is proof that this is not the "Ros Show", despite the moaning that indicates that. Just for an example, some have been complaining that Dany has virtually no screen time this season. Well, guess what. She has far more than Ros. Get over it.
2068	teemo	2012-04-24	Poor Bran's storyline has been gutted so badly. Almost every cut character is from his story arc, the Reeds, Little and Big Walders and Reek. Instead we get to watch Ros beat another whore and Shae suck at acting /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' />Edit: thanks for putting this together thoughThank you /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I am really sad about Bran as well.  I can take some guesses as to why this is, however.  Bran's just a kid, and people are less interested in sweet little children on a gritty HBO show.  Also, HBO is trying to be as subtle as they can with the "fantasy" aspect as to not scare off viewers (they can only do this to a degree, however, it IS fantasy).  Bran's storyline is obviously one of the most fantasy-intensive, and it doesn't involve popping shadowbabies out of nude women. That's probably also why Jojen and Meera were cut, which is so sad.  That's my theory on it though.  And without the Reeds, he doesn't really have much going on for him until later in the season.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 April 2012 - 06:51 PM.
2069	David Selig	2012-04-24	Interesting info, thanks for putting it together, hk47. I hope you'd continue to do it throughout the season.
2070	Fredwin	2012-04-24	Thanks for the appreciation.  I plan to do this each week, as long as people seem to care about it.  I personally found it very interesting and pretty fun to do.  So if you appreciate this type of research, please like the original post of this thread.  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I want to know that people actually are interested in this.  Update:  studying for finals, but next break I get tonight I'm going to find the minutes for Balon, Sandor, Gendry, and Sam as requested.  The reason I didn't include some of them before, especially Gendry, is that they are basically always there when another POV is.  So Gendry's time will most likely be a little inflated due to always being near Arya.  Maybe for the Hound and Gendry, I'll count lines as well as minutes to prevent that.  Thoughts?  I can't do that for every character right now, because that will just take me too much time at the moment.  But I can handle that for the minor ones with barely any lines.And Arya's time isn't inflated.  Even if she doesn't talk, those are her scenes.Aye, those are her scenes. I was just responding to a couple people saying that it seemed like she was on screen for a lot less time than that.Thank you for doing this by the way. It's nice to get such a break-down. Gives a perfect snapshot of where the series is right now.Someone really should count lines if they have any spare time/are going to watch all the episodes again. That would be extremely informative.
2071	dansnow	2012-04-24	Tywin also may be a good one to do, right now he hasn't done much but it would save you having to go back if he's important later in the season
2072	TheEvilKing	2012-04-24	Cersei Lannister - 12:50Surely this is incorrect? She didn't appear in ep 4, true, but you're saying she only averaged 4 mins an episode in the first three? I don't think that's right.
2073	teemo	2012-04-24	I admit that number seemed a little off to me too, so I am going to go back and check it later tonight when I add in the Hound, Sam, Gendry, etc.  It's possible though, because while going through it I remember she was in a lot a scenes, but they were all very short (around 1:30 each).  Kind of surprised me how little I was jotting down her screen-time.  I think her presence is always very memorable though, which could make it seem like she's in it more than she actually is.  Could be a miscalculation, however.  It does seem very low for Cersei.  Tywin also may be a good one to do, right now he hasn't done much but it would save you having to go back if he's important later in the seasonYou're absolutely correct.  Added to the list.  Thank you.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 April 2012 - 11:03 PM.
2074	Morrigan	2012-04-24	This Ros fixation by people on the forum is getting ridiculous.No, it's really not. There's a good reason pretty much everyone hates the character and D&D's retarded fanfiction.This data is proof that this is not the "Ros Show", despite the moaning that indicates that. Just for an example, some have been complaining that Dany has virtually no screen time this season. Well, guess what. She has far more than Ros. Get over it.Far more? She has 3 minutes more (so far) and she is a MAJOR POV CHARACTER whereas Ros was made up. Sansa is also a POV character and she has only 30 seconds more! And then there's Bran's story, completely gutted, and despite being a POV, has less screen time than Ros. People are right to think this is stupid, and to hope that this trend for the first four episode isn't representative of the whole season.
2075	Hyper	2012-04-24	It's not D&D's fault that some are not understanding the nature of her character. She is part expositional device, part a composite of several whore (& lowborn) characters. There is a method to their "madness".This is not the books. It is an adaptation of the book, that is not following the POV structure of the book. That alone will throw off the character presence timings compared to the book. And due to adaption choices and economies of casting, some composite characters will be created. I think that we'll have a much better sense of how this will hold together at the end of the season. Just the books have varying amounts of the characters (not an even distribution of chapters per POV), some storylines will ebb and flow throughout the season. Renly and the Tyrells are going away for a while after the next episode. Bran & Dany will get more screen time.HK47,Thanks BTW for this effort - it is very interesting data. Any possibility of doing the same for season 1? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> (I know it must be a crapload of work)
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 24 April 2012 - 11:59 PM.
2076	akajea	2012-04-24	Thanks a lot for the stats OP.
Anyway... Sansa. What is she supposed to do? Sit around and cry and be abused? Her time to shine will be later in the season and during the Battle of the Blackwater.
Bran... Listen to boring old bannermen complain about their disrepaired castles? They didn't cast the Reeds so there isn't anything for him to do. Wait for Theon Turncloak to show up.
These stats after episode 20 will appease you guys I'm sure.
2077	teemo	2012-04-25	HK47,Thanks BTW for this effort - it is very interesting data. Any possibility of doing the same for season 1? /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' /> (I know it must be a crapload of work)Glad you like it /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  I've been thinking about doing that, actually.  I get a one day summer break, maybe I'll try it then.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 25 April 2012 - 12:04 AM.
2078	dansnow	2012-04-25	It's not D&D's fault that some are not understanding the nature of her character. She is part expositional device, part a composite of several whore (& lowborn) characters. There is a method to their "madness".This is not the books. It is an adaptation of the book, that is not following the POV structure of the book. That alone will throw off the character presence timings compared to the book. And due to adaption choices and economies of casting, some composite characters will be created. I think that we'll have a much better sense of how this will hold together at the end of the season. Just the books have varying amounts of the characters (not an even distribution of chapters per POV), some storylines will ebb and flow throughout the season. Renly and the Tyrells are going away for a while after the next episode. Bran & Dany will get more screen time.But the thing for me is that, to this point, Ros hasn't been used as an expositional device to show us anything we don't already know. In the Joff scene we learn nothing new, we already get it he's a bad dude. I guess you can say we learned he's a sexual sadist but I don't see the need to spend five minutes to add another bad point to a guy that already has tons of them. In a series mostly full of grey characters they don't need to do everything they can to show how bad he is. Besides that the Sansa beating scene gave insight into the fact Joff is a sadist.In her littlefinger scene we once again learned nothing we didn't already know. So Littlefinger is ruthless, the show already showed this in his betrayal of Ned in a much more impactful and emotional way. Sometimes I feel like they are just trying to prove Ros can be in a scene with her clothes left on just to prove a point that she's a good actress or something this season. She had value last season for exposition but as the story grows and the number of characters increase she has become a waste of space. And for those who say Bran has nothing to do with the Reeds cut, well without Ros they could afford to keep the Reeds in it and start exploring his ability to warg and green seer. Or they could add Sansa-Hound scenes or Sansa-Dontos etc, just streamlining her storyline rather than rushing it when everything else is happening in the last 6 episodes.      It's true I'd rather a show with Ros in it than no show at all but that doesn't mean I can't discuss what I think would improve the show. Especially when my favourite character, Bran, has seen his storyline destroyed.
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 25 April 2012 - 12:17 AM.
2079	Hyper	2012-04-25	But the thing for me is that, to this point, Ros hasn't been used as an expositional device to show us anything we don't already know. In the Joff scene we learn nothing new, we already get it he's a bad dude. I guess you can say we learned he's a sexual sadist but I don't see the need to spend five minutes to add another bad point to a guy that already has tons of them. In a series mostly full of grey characters they don't need to do everything they can to show how bad he is. Besides that the Sansa beating scene gave insight into the fact Joff is a sadist.In her littlefinger scene we once again learned nothing we didn't already know. So Littlefinger is ruthless, the show already showed this in his betrayal of Ned in a much more impactful and emotional way. Sometimes I feel like they are just trying to prove Ros can be in a scene with her clothes left on just to prove a point that she's a good actress or something this season. She had value last season for exposition but as the story grows and the number of characters increase she has become a waste of space.As you note, the "Ros scenes" are never about Ros herself. Let's examine her appearances this season:Episode 1: This scene was a segue into the brothel baby slaughter.Episode 2: Her scene had two purposes... A) To show how cruel LF can be and B ) to show that the life of whores are far from happy (a legit criticism for season 1 IMO)Episode 3: No scene, correct?Episode 4: This is all about Joffrey. Does he need more evidence that he is a villain? Perhaps not. BUT there are several instances of Joffrey sadism/brutality that the show has NOT show, and they did not go as far with Sansa as in the book. So I think this scene has two purposes to illustrate what Joffrey is thinking:- 1. As an outlet for his frustration. He was not allowed to "finish" with Sansa, so he is taking out his frustration on the whores. This also shows us partially what *could* have happened to Sansa.- 2. To show that Joffrey is starting to fight back against Tyrion. He is sending a deliberate message to Tyrion.Are the Ros scenes perfect? Oh no. Some are very awkward. But they serve a better function this season, IMO.And for those who say Bran has nothing to do with the Reeds cut, well without Ros they could afford to keep the Reeds in it and start exploring his ability to warg and green seer. Or they could add Sansa-Hound scenes or Sansa-Dontos etc, just streamlining her storyline rather than rushing it when everything else is happening in the last 6 episodesBut they *have* explored Bran's warging. Two scenes already this season. More will undoubtedly come. And Bryan Cogman has assured us in interviews that Sansa/Sandor and Sansa/Dontos scenes are coming.
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 25 April 2012 - 12:53 AM.
2080	Morrigan	2012-04-25	Exactly, her character adds nothing worthwhile. The only time I wasn't annoyed at seeing her was her first appearance with Tyrion, and the bastard purge scene.
Also, somewhat related to that, "sexposition" is a retarded concept. Does anyone really pay attention to what is being said when there is explicit nudity and loud moaning sex noises going on? Seriously, I dare any non-reader to summarize the gist of Littlefinger's rant, or her conversation with Theon (a non-reader from another forum is STILL not clear about what was Theon's situation with the Starks...), or what Doreah was talking about with Viserys (I bet you'd hear "something-something dragons" if you asked a casual viewer), or hell even the dialogue between Renly and Loras (not really a sex scene but I bet everyone focused about "oh wow they're gay??" rather than pay attention to what Loras said about his family, about the crown, etc. -- actually I'll take that bet, "omg gay people" was pretty much the only thing people retained from that scene >_<). A sex scene is the worst possible way to provide exposition or world-building, really.
2081	teemo	2012-04-25	Sigh, just did the whole thing, and my computer froze up and it all got deleted /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
2082	teemo	2012-04-25	Alright, I fixed Cersei (was under by 4 minutes) and added the following characters:
Sandor Clegane/the Hound
Samwell Tarly
Balon Greyjoy
Gendry
Tywin Lannister
Xaro Xhoan Daxos
I had the exact number of Gendry's lines, and then I did something really dumb and deleted it by mistake /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 25 April 2012 - 02:07 AM.
2083	Currawong	2012-04-25	Doing a running total of screen time is a little misleading, especially so early in the season.   There are now so many characters and storylines that it is quite impossible to follow them all in any one episode, so in adapting the story and putting into meaningful format for TV, D&D are obviously focusing on a particular theme each episode, or else concentrating on parallel story lines from only a few characters.
					
					
							Edited by Currawong, 25 April 2012 - 02:21 AM.
2084	Dr. Killjoy	2012-04-25	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> Really? Really? Lets add up some more minor characters - Oh NO their time is more than a major character. SHOCKING.This Ros fixation by people on the forum is getting ridiculous. This data is proof that this is not the "Ros Show", despite the moaning that indicates that. Just for an example, some have been complaining that Dany has virtually no screen time this season. Well, guess what. She has far more than Ros. Get over it.This is so true, thanks.Bye the way, you can say you dont like a character, but you dident have do go berserker-mode, like the most of the people here, when it comes to those two.
2085	lost son of Gulian Swann	2012-04-25	I can absolutely understand if people donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t like Ros or her scenes, but if you removed her from the show it wouldnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t open up more screen time for Arya or enable the possibility of a Ramsay.
Like someone else said, her scenes are never about her, if there was no Ros D&D would still use that screen time on LF or Joffrey or whoever is part of her scenes as it is now. You may think they overdo Joffreyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s brutality but the people in charge obviously donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t so the beating of whores scene would have been in the show somehow, with our without Ros.
There is a lot of things Im starting to dislike about the show, some of it which I canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t understand for the love of good, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s easy to see why they have the Ros character and personally I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t mind it even tho her scenes usually are boring thanks to the exposition nature of them.
					
					
							Edited by lost son of Gulian Swann, 25 April 2012 - 05:15 AM.
2086	boojam	2012-04-25	As you note, the "Ros scenes" are never about Ros herself. Let's examine her appearances this season:Episode 1: This scene was a segue into the brothel baby slaughter.I agree about this scene it did segue into an important sequence.All the rest are really such trivial additions to the story that they add nothing.Funny thing is I like EsmA© Bianco. I thought she had been hired because she was some unknown actress who would do nude scenes. While not a major , she has done a fair about of movie and TV work.D&D have said they liked her, and I thought her sexposition scenes the first season served some purpose.I have now come to think of her is a good actress, but alas, D&D can't seem to fit her into the story , most of the time, so there is plot advancement, and that is a a problem when one has limited time per episode.
					
					
							Edited by boojam, 25 April 2012 - 05:53 AM.
2087	Thunderfist	2012-04-25	@ the OP: thx for a really interesting read, if you got the time to keep this up for the rest of the season it would be awesome
2088	My Little Kraken	2012-04-25	Alright, I fixed Cersei (was under by 4 minutes) and added the following characters:Sandor Clegane/the HoundSamwell TarlyBalon GreyjoyGendryTywin LannisterXaro Xhoan DaxosI had the exact number of Gendry's lines, and then I did something really dumb and deleted it by mistake /bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' />Balon and Samwell are both under 8minutes, but they sure have done well with that time.  I could listen to Balon all day long so I wish his character were featured more.  His voice....it is heavenly.   I like his face and eyes too, really nice :-)Sam is always great, the actor who plays him just manages to convey genuine kindness with such ease.I actually hadn't noticed that Gendry had little dialogue compared to his onscreen time.  He's great though.
2089	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	As you note, the "Ros scenes" are never about Ros herself. Let's examine her appearances this season:Episode 1: This scene was a segue into the brothel baby slaughter.Episode 2: Her scene had two purposes... A) To show how cruel LF can be and B ) to show that the life of whores are far from happy (a legit criticism for season 1 IMO)Episode 3: No scene, correct?Episode 4: This is all about Joffrey. Does he need more evidence that he is a villain? Perhaps not. BUT there are several instances of Joffrey sadism/brutality that the show has NOT show, and they did not go as far with Sansa as in the book. So I think this scene has two purposes to illustrate what Joffrey is thinking:- 1. As an outlet for his frustration. He was not allowed to "finish" with Sansa, so he is taking out his frustration on the whores. This also shows us partially what *could* have happened to Sansa.- 2. To show that Joffrey is starting to fight back against Tyrion. He is sending a deliberate message to Tyrion.Are the Ros scenes perfect? Oh no. Some are very awkward. But they serve a better function this season, IMO.But they *have* explored Bran's warging. Two scenes already this season. More will undoubtedly come. And Bryan Cogman has assured us in interviews that Sansa/Sandor and Sansa/Dontos scenes are coming.I can think of quote a bit more than could have been accomplished with those scenes than retreads.  You can show Joff fighting back against Tyrion in a 5 second blurb in a scene like the Sansa punishment scene.Prior to the Ros scene last episode.  My wife already said, "That actor is perfect for playing a little ungrateful psycho shit!".  Point was taken about Joff LAST season.  It's ridiculous, and they've been heaping more of Cersei's psychotic behavior on to Joff already this season.  It's enough.Littlefinger's scene could have been deleted for something more developmental on the greyjoys/protecting of kings landing (chain/wildfire)/wall/stannis as well.Obviously Baelish is ruthless, we have known he's a pimp for about 10 episodes so far.  How many pimps are nice people?
2090	Kittykatknits	2012-04-25	Exactly, her character adds nothing worthwhile. The only time I wasn't annoyed at seeing her was her first appearance with Tyrion, and the bastard purge scene.Also, somewhat related to that, "sexposition" is a retarded concept. Does anyone really pay attention to what is being said when there is explicit nudity and loud moaning sex noises going on? Seriously, I dare any non-reader to summarize the gist of Littlefinger's rant, or her conversation with Theon (a non-reader from another forum is STILL not clear about what was Theon's situation with the Starks...), or what Doreah was talking about with Viserys (I bet you'd hear "something-something dragons" if you asked a casual viewer), or hell even the dialogue between Renly and Loras (not really a sex scene but I bet everyone focused about "oh wow they're gay??" rather than pay attention to what Loras said about his family, about the crown, etc. -- actually I'll take that bet, "omg gay people" was pretty much the only thing people retained from that scene >_<). A sex scene is the worst possible way to provide exposition or world-building, really.This matches my observations with friends quite well. They miss what is being talked about. The Theon sex scene especially. They ignored Pycelle as they want to think about him having sex.
2091	Davos55	2012-04-25	/bang.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bang:' /> Really? Really? Lets add up some more minor characters - Oh NO their time is more than a major character. SHOCKING.This Ros fixation by people on the forum is getting ridiculous. This data is proof that this is not the "Ros Show", despite the moaning that indicates that. Just for an example, some have been complaining that Dany has virtually no screen time this season. Well, guess what. She has far more than Ros. Get over it.It is shocking actually. There are so many more major characters in the show that have to be developed and characters that have been cut from this season, and this time is given to Ros, a made up character.People have already made great points about why the time with her is wasted, so I won't retread it, but it is clear that too much time is spent on her, and it is really sad.Lol..so 3 minutes more is far more? And her having more time than Bran Stark or all the other characters below her isn't a joke? I am going to have to disagree with you there.Has anyone ever said it's the "Ros show"?Lastly, no..I  won't get over it, and I am allowed to comment on her screen time and presence so far.
2092	gramblor	2012-04-25	TOO much complaining about Ros scenes. I agree with Hyper, because he is totally correct. Not only about the Ros scenes not actually being about Ros (they in fact portray much more about the main characters than they ever do about her), but people have such a blind hate for her now. All the anti-Ros crowd probably get their panties in such a huge bunch when they see her they don't pay attention to the scene.
Episode 4 is the perfect example: When Ros says that Tyrion will hear about what he's doing, he says he plans on having the whores delivered to him when they're done. This is the beginning of Joffrey defying Tyrion, a HUGE POINT (which many people probably missed due to crying and whining about seeing Ros).
Even if you divided up her time throughout the season, you would have 2:45 seconds to give to a MAJOR!!!!111!~! character each episode or split between characters (maybe we could have watched Bran learning how to do arithmetic!). People have such unrealistic expectations. I feel sorry for them because they have their heads so far in the clouds they can't enjoy what they're being given......
2093	Nakraal	2012-04-25	This bitch must die. Kill her Joff! Kill her!!! Arggrrrr
2094	Davos55	2012-04-25	hk47..Thank you for doing this ...you rock!!! Will be fun to see how it all comes together at the end of the season.
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 25 April 2012 - 03:26 PM.
2095	dansnow	2012-04-25	But what does setting up Joffrey as opposing Tyrion do, nothing comes of it until what will probably be season 4 of the show. He does nothing in defiance of Tyrion in ACOK, unless I'm forgetting something, so what's the point of starting this storyline 2-3 years early when story lines that need to be started now to make sense later are put on the back burner. Again I don't hate Ros' scenes because she is in them but because they aren't pushing other character's story lines along either. For instance her scene in episode 1 didn't bother me. It's possible that they are setting up Joffrey for the Alayaya scene, in which case i guess this Ros scene works (still don't like the Littlefinger one) but that will only weaken Cersei's character so I still won't like the change because Cersei's story is much more interesting than Joffreys.
Edit: but if they want to replace Alayaya with Ros I'm fine with that.
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 25 April 2012 - 03:51 PM.
2096	Davos55	2012-04-25	My prediction is that the show makes it so Joffrey sends Meryn Trant to kill Tyrion during the Battle of the Blackwater. He seems to be his go to guard for his dirty work that the Hound won't accept, and he clearly doesn't like Tyrion or Bronn.  Meryn is the only other Kingsguard member who the show has even identified besides Jamie and Sandor, so I am guessing they will go for another book deviation and have Meryn attack Tyrion and be killed by Pod in the process.
Mandon Moore is nowhere to be found, and I believe the book is rather ambiguous about who sends him to kill Tryion, though it is hinted at being Cersei more so than Joffrey. The route the show is taking, it looks like Cersei is going to be a more sympathetic character than she is in the book.
2097	The Oncoming Storm	2012-04-25	Sansa Stark - 11:38Ros - 11:00This is why I want Ros DEAD. NOW.
2098	dansnow	2012-04-25	I think you're probably right in that Davos55, good thinking.
2099	Fredwin	2012-04-25	At some point D&D are going to have to choose between making good television or sticking with what's in the book. Obviously you can't and shouldn't follow the book 100%, not even close to 100%. The problem I see, and it's especially evident in the Ros scenes is that while these scenes might be needed, you have to fill in other plote holes as well.If you're going to deviate from the books, fine, great, but do it in a good way like what was done with Theon's scenes. This gives you room to add more scenes with Jamie, to add more scenes with the Hound, to add more scenes with Dany. The characters that were in season one shouldn't mysteriously disappear with no explanation. We're almost halfway through ACoK and almost none of the major plot points in the book have even been touched yet. So yeah, less Ros scenes would be crucial at this point. What's needed is another 5 episodes.
2100	Khal-a-bunga	2012-04-25	My take on Ros is that she'll have a scene with Tyrion, where she explains what happened with Joffrey which will lead to Cersei "finding out" about her, like what happened with... Someone in the books; can't remember her name. Anyway, it's already been pointed out that Ros is more of a composite character than an entirely original invention of D&D, so I can't for the life of me see what the big deal is. Economical storytelling is what I'd call it. 
And really, we're on episode four. Every episode following will be longer than these first four:
Ep 05: 57 min.
Ep 06: 54 min.
Ep 07: 56 min.
Ep 08: 57 min.
Ep 09: 57 min.
Ep 10: 64 min.
ACoK is a considerably more difficult novel to adapt into ten episodes, and as a result things are going to have to be shuffled around, delayed, or even cut entirely. I think this thread is definitely an interesting idea, and I'd like to follow it throughout the season, but four episodes in simply isn't enough to get the bigger picture so complaining about where the numbers lie at this juncture doesn't seem like a worthwhile endeavor.
2101	Arkash	2012-04-25	Yeah, I guess Ros will take the Chataya, but still, no need to have her in all the episodes!
2102	HouseLancaster	2012-04-25	I think this is a brilliant thread, and great tool for tracking the story telling.
Can we have marker at episode 5, so we keep these numbers from the fisrt half then compare how screen times progress in the second half of the seaon for episodes 6-10. Then at the end it's easy enough to add up for the season totals...?
2103	Khal-a-bunga	2012-04-25	Or he could just make a new thread in every episode-specific forum so the tally updates itself from episode to episode. A link could lead to the previous thread. Agreed that it's a really cool way to follow the show; should be interesting to see where everyone sits at the end of the season.
2104	Arkash	2012-04-25	I second the asking for a recuring thread on every episode topic, will be really useful !
2105	teemo	2012-04-25	Yes, I plan on doing it every week in the correct tv subforum /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />  And I'll separate episodes 1-5 and 6-10.
2106	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-25	About Bran, how many wolf dreams can you have before it turns viewers off.  It's an important part of the story, but viewers should be getting the hints that Bran and his wolf have a special bond and at this point in the book what more is there to Bran's story really?  He's a boy in Winterfell who can't walk.  How much of that makes for good TV?
When Theon goes to Winterfell that's where Bran's story starts to take off.  If he's not getting screen time then, then I'll be annoyed.  Not yet.
2107	arya horsefaceless	2012-04-25	double post, sry.
					
					
							Edited by arya horsefaceless, 25 April 2012 - 09:20 PM.
2108	Davos55	2012-04-25	I liked Bran's story in ACOK, even before Theon arrives. I really enjoyed his interactions with Big Walder, Little Walder, the Reeds, Maester Luwin, Osha, Rickon, Summer, and Shaggydog.
But oh yeah..the show decided to cut the Freys and the Reeds this season..sweet.
I would like more wolf dreams too..they are awesome and could show Summer hunting and exploring the Godswood.
I am a sucker for Bran's story..I think it is unique and very cool.
2109	dansnow	2012-04-25	Yeah honestly Bran's story arc is my favourite in ACOK, the scene where the Reeds swear fealty is probably my favourite scene in the books, maybe I'm weird for that but I was so disappointed when I found out I would never see it on the show. Because even if they come later that scene will be cut. Also Jojen should be teaching us about greenseering right about now.
Edit: but I am a major Bran fanboy and get why some people think it wouldn't be good tv. I just would prefer to see it over some "more exciting" elements of the story.
					
					
							Edited by dansnow, 25 April 2012 - 09:39 PM.
2110	wolverine	2012-04-25	Would there be this much complaining if Ros was hot?  I thought not.
2111	Hyper	2012-04-25	Hk47,Have you considered creating a public web spreadsheet with this data across each episode? That would be very cool. With Google Docs you can create public spreadsheets where only you are allowed to edit.How to get started with Google Docs spreadsheets: http://www.google.co...s/spreadsheets/Here is a quick intro to sharing Google documents: http://support.googl...n&answer=180199
					
					
							Edited by Hyper, 25 April 2012 - 11:21 PM.
2112	teemo	2012-04-26	Hk47,Have you considered creating a public web spreadsheet with this data across each episode? That would be very cool. With Google Docs you can create public spreadsheets where only you are allowed to edit.How to get started with Google Docs spreadsheets: http://www.google.co...s/spreadsheets/Here is a quick intro to sharing Google documents: http://support.googl...n&answer=180199nice! good idea.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 26 April 2012 - 03:59 PM.
2113	Fredwin	2012-04-26	Would there be this much complaining if Ros was hot?  I thought not.I thought she was hot?Who can't see a hot chick(or guy) whenever they want? It's besides the point.
2114	teemo	2012-04-26	Would there be this much complaining if Ros was hot?  I thought not.I'm not sure what to make of this.  I actually think the actress that plays Ros is very attractive.  But honestly, I wouldn't care who plays her, I still wouldn't like her.
2115	RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon	2012-04-27	I think we should run a sweepstake on how long we're going to be bored by Ros on screen next episode.
I'll start it off
6:46 minutes
					
					
							Edited by RobertOfTheHouseBaratheon, 27 April 2012 - 04:05 AM.
2116	SerRodzilla	2012-04-27	Honestly Ros should never have been in this show 11 Mins is a waste of time,
Think those 11 mins coud have fit in
A scene of Bran hosting the Northern lords at Winterfell, Lady Hornwood explaining situation.
Maester Luwin/Rodrick Cassell later explaining she has gone missing Implications its Ramsey.
Big Walder/Little Walder & the Reed's arriving at Winterfell.
Intorduction of Riverun Edmure and The Blackfish (Cat could have visited on the way to Renly's camp asks for re-enforcments)
Why couldnt the scene in the brothel where Janos kills the baby have been Chataya, why did it have to be Ros?
IMO Ros is the biggest liberty the show has taken, Shae I can understand you need to build her relationship with Tyrion so you feel for him later when his betrayal happens, but Ros its just stupid like there is 1 whore in the whole realm she goes from Banging Theon > Getting a softcore porn scene for LittleFinger > Banging Pycelle > Witnessing a baby getting murdered > threatened by Littlefinger > being forced by Jofferey to beat another whore.
2117	Umberto	2012-04-23	Ok, this deserves a thread. The scene where Hot Pie stands his ground and stares at The Mountain...I have never seen something so amazing on television. I was dying of laughter, my friends thought I was a little nuts, but they don't understand the epicness that is Hot Pie.
For me, this made up for the lack of him screaming his name in the fight last episode. There isn't much point to this thread other than the fact that I would like to discuss this very important scene and see who else appreciated it as much as me. /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
Hot Pie is the bravest boy in all of Westeros, it is known. I'm hoping that they will replace Oberyn with Hot Pie for the big fight in ASoS, it would work much better in my honest opinion.
2118	Arkash	2012-04-24	Hot Pie is the bravest boy in all of Westeros, it is known. I'm hoping that they will replace Oberyn with Hot Pie for the big fight in ASoS, it would work much better in my honest opinion.Damn, no, give the poor Mountain a chance to win, let him Oberyn, that would be too cruel to give him Hot Pie! =D
2119	Morvran	2012-04-24	Maybe if they'd developed the Mountain into a fearsome character...but aside from his height, they've done very little to flesh him out as a crazy badass.  
That aside, yes, grew a pair last week.
2120	Ser Sweets	2012-04-24	I desperately want someone to dub over the soundtrack of that clip and do a bit of editing so it looks as though Hot Pie is summarising the next savoury filling for his pastries. Epic music, close-ups of tense eyes. That kinda' thing.
2121	Monk Meth-	2012-04-24	that guy was the mountain? did the change the actor? i remeber him being way more broad and musclar in the first season
2122	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-24	that guy was the mountain? did the change the actor? i remeber him being way more broad and musclar in the first seasonSadly yes.  There's already a whole thread on the subject.
2123	sennahoj	2012-04-24	I guess it would help a lot to give him bulkier armour as the actor who played the Mountain last season.
2124	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	So did Hot Pie pee on himself at the end?  I couldn't tell.  It sounded like it, but I couldn't see it.
2125	Chelly	2012-04-24	Yes, Hot Pie pissed his pants. Very Hot Pie. I'm enjoying Hot Pie as well. I, too, cracked up when Hot Pie was staring down the Mountain. He was like "You wanna make somethin of it." /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2126	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	...I only just realised that was the Mountain in that scene. Suppose I should have known from the beard. But they gave him new armour? Wearing Lannister colours instead of his own tank-like plate armour?
Just rewatched; Arya mumbling "...the Mountain" alluded me the first time around. My girlfriend asked about the Mountain at the end so I guess she missed it too. I told her I think he'll turn up next week with a certain band of mercenaries. Oh well.
Recasting sucks.
2127	Slingingstones	2012-04-24	I admit, I too, enjoyed the scene where Hot Pie tells Gendry and Arya to stand bold when the Mountain approaches, as the fellow standing next to Hot Pie told him that he was never chosen by standing bold.  Hah, the Mountain chooses him next.  So much for that theory as Hot Pie wizzes his shorts.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 24 April 2012 - 01:25 PM.
2128	HouseLancaster	2012-04-24	Hot Pie is brilliant. I regret those 3 can't be on screen together more.
(partly why I was gutted they didn't escape and go on the road together for an episode before hand)
Will we get to see him bake at Harrenhal?
Hope so!
					
					
							Edited by HouseLancaster, 24 April 2012 - 06:21 PM.
2129	The Monkey	2012-04-24	Hot Pie is brilliant. I regret those 3 can't be on screen together more.(partly why I was gutted they didn't escape and go on the road together for an episode before hand)Will we get to see him bake at Harrenhal?Hope so!Still plenty of room for Arya/Gendry/Hot Pie action in season 3, before they meet The Brootherhood.
2130	strifed169	2012-04-24	Hot Pie: "Come at me bro"
2131	kephv	2012-04-24	For me, this made up for the lack of him screaming his name in the fight last episode.You could say that staring down the Mountain is equally as badass as screaming his name at people while he killed them. Though I guess he could always up the ante by screaming his name while he murders the Mountain.So did Hot Pie pee on himself at the end?  I couldn't tell.  It sounded like it, but I couldn't see it.Of course he did. But only because Hot Pie just doesn't give a fuck. There's no chamber pot present and one spot of dirt there is exactly like another.
2132	Puzzle	2012-04-24	Hot Pie is brilliant. I regret those 3 can't be on screen together more.(partly why I was gutted they didn't escape and go on the road together for an episode before hand)Will we get to see him bake at Harrenhal?Hope so!Completely agree. I absoutely adore the interaction between these three, and I'm loving HotPie more and more. I find myself looking forward to their scenes the most. Also agree that his stare-off against the Mountain almost made up for the lack of HotPie war cry.
2133	Grumpy Midget	2012-04-24	Hot Pie is the bravest boy in all of Westeros, it is known. I'm hoping that they will replace Oberyn with Hot Pie for the big fight in ASoS, it would work much better in my honest opinion.LOL  What's he gonna do, stink the Mountain to death by pissing his pants repeatedly? /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />Though I gotta admit, Hot Pie in the show did kinda grow on me in a way the book Hot Pie never did.
					
					
							Edited by Grumpy Midget, 24 April 2012 - 11:07 PM.
2134	Queen Regent	2012-04-24	I don't know why, but I always thought the HotPie in the books was the skinnier kid.  Never pictured him as the chunkier one. Don't know why, probably missed his full description in the books... but I was expecting Lommy to be HotPie.
2135	Ser Sweets	2012-04-25	Of course he did. But only because Hot Pie just doesn't give a fuck. There's no chamber pot present and one spot of dirt there is exactly like another.Hot Pie is such a BAMF; after he kills the Mountain with naught but a rolling pin, he'll piss on his corpse.
2136	Arkash	2012-04-25	I cant wait for the scene when Hot Pie will take King's Landing and defeat the Iron Fleet by himself !
2137	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-25	Hot Pie is amazing on the show. I just love the actor's facial expressions and he's quickly becoming a favorite of mine. It took those visuals to go from a fairly annoying kid to a hilarious character.
2138	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	Hot Pie can be the unquestioned hero of the series if he can manage to assassinate Ros next episode, especially if we get one last look at a naked Ros before he golden showers her to death
2139	rmv	2012-04-25	So, everyone agrees. Hot Pie is kinda awesome.
For some reason, I'm now afraid that they're gonna kill him off.
Please stay alive, Hot Pie.
2140	Dr. Pepper	2012-04-25	I wonder if the actor who plays TV Hot Pie knows that book Hot Pie has a sort of cult hero status.
2141	TormundGiantsbane	2012-04-26	Hot Pie = Azor Ahai?
2142	Clariana	2012-04-24	I mean Melisandre & Davos... What did you think?
Had hubby down to watch it specifically... Creepiest scene in the whole second book I told him.
For me a bit too brief... Could have done with more groaning, fluids and yelling but perhaps that would have made it OTT...
Hubby had to pick jaw up from floor.
2143	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-24	i would have loved to see itit is supposed to look like Stannys  
the scene was awesome but Davos did not looked that scared to me, and yes it was too brief.
2144	sennahoj	2012-04-24	i would have loved to see itit is supposed to look like Stannys  the scene was awesome but Davos did not looked that scared to me, and yes it was too brief.If the shadow is supposed to look like Stannis in the series, I am sure it will be revealed during Renly's murder. I am not sure how important it will be to show the shadow's resemblance to Stannis, since it was much more implicit than in the books that Stannis fathered this son on Mel.
2145	Greywolf2375	2012-04-24	It will be a very interesting scene to see how they do this with Renly.  They had to give the viewer something to see - but part of what made Renly's murder so freaky was that there was basically nothing there and his gorget just opened.  I'm really hoping that when it gets to him dying that all we see is a "normal" shadow.  Assumption being that it plays out in a similar way as it did in the books - Brienne and Cat in the tent, Brienne arming him, etc.I am not sure how important it will be to show the shadow's resemblance to Stannis, since it was much more implicit than in the books that Stannis fathered this son on Mel.I think the viewers may know it is a product of Stannis & Mel - but for Cat to make the connection it does need to resemble him in someway.  Again, the assumption being that things follow the books as far as cause & effect.
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 24 April 2012 - 07:20 AM.
2146	wolverine	2012-04-24	i would have loved to see itit is supposed to look like Stannys  the scene was awesome but Davos did not looked that scared to me, and yes it was too brief.Saw someone else complaining that Davos looked too frightened.
2147	episodenone	2012-04-24	I think the viewers may know it is a product of Stannis & Mel - but for Cat to make the connection it does need to resemble him in someway.  Again, the assumption being that things follow the books as far as cause & effect.Then the viewers would be idiots?  They only had to watch what happened on the table on Dragonstone what else could it be?You can lead a horse to water...
2148	Monk Meth-	2012-04-24	it kind of made no sense.. in the book stannis marches on stormends and renly comes back.. in the book they make it seem like they just meet up somewhere... then suddenly they are underground  sneaking into the castle even though to our knowledge renly is with his host at a camp.
					
					
							Edited by Monk Meth-, 24 April 2012 - 07:56 AM.
2149	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-24	Saw someone else complaining that Davos looked too frightened.Proving that you can't please everyone.  I thought Davos looked just frightened ENOUGH.   /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />As to the shadow looking like Stannis, if I had to guess I'd say Davos will broach that subject with him in the next episode; we've already seen previews of them having a heated discussion on the matter.
2150	Balefont	2012-04-24	I mean Melisandre & Davos... What did you think?Had hubby down to watch it specifically... Creepiest scene in the whole second book I told him.For me a bit too brief... Could have done with more groaning, fluids and yelling but perhaps that would have made it OTT...Gods, no.  It went on just long enough.This is the problem I have with the overly gratuitous nature of so many of the EXTRA scenes added to the show.  By the time we get to one of the important and shocking ones, I find myself saying, "Enough already!  Get the fuck on with it!"
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 24 April 2012 - 08:15 AM.
2151	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	I like how many times we've seen Mel's breasts so far.
I think the scene should have taken place under Storms End, or at least there should have been some inclination that Renly was in a castle.
2152	Dementia	2012-04-24	...but Renly doesn't die in a castle.  The shadow baby we hear about in the book is at Storm's End because of the siege.
2153	sennahoj	2012-04-24	The strange thing is, there is no mention of Renly's camp being anywhere near a castle in the castle. But then Davos and Mel find this passage barred. It would make sense to bar such a passage under a castle, but just in some random cliffs which may or may not be close to Renly's camp? I found that a bit strange.
2154	Balefont	2012-04-24	Regarding the gate and the underground tunnel to Storms' End: Maybe when the murder scene happens it will happen in a castle or maybe a tent.  It's a little early to get our collective panties in a bunch over how the fused scenes of the murdering shadow "isn't going to work or make sense because, OMG, Renly is in a camp not a castle!"
					
					
							Edited by Balefont, 24 April 2012 - 11:21 AM.
2155	episodenone	2012-04-24	Honestly -- no matter how many times I read the title of this thread I scratch my head.
"what nothing about that scene"
Am I crazy?  What does it mean?
2156	Silverx2	2012-04-24	my jaw was just sort of hanging open during the scene.
If i had not already read the books i would have been slowly saying what the ****
2157	teemo	2012-04-24	lol Davos WAS frightened, he was terrified.  How could he look too scared in the show???
2158	Buckwheat	2012-04-24	Sure Davos was frightened, that was actually happening in front of him as opposed to the screen. The scene was ...If i had not already read the books i would have been slowly saying what the ****... yup, like that.The underground passage did not really make much sense till now, but we have to wait until the next episode to see where the actual murder happens.Balefont, I agree.
					
					
							Edited by Buckwheat, 24 April 2012 - 04:36 PM.
2159	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-24	Honestly -- no matter how many times I read the title of this thread I scratch my head."what nothing about that scene"Am I crazy?  What does it mean?"What, nothing about THAT scene?"A little strategic punctuation can work miracles.
2160	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	The strange thing is, there is no mention of Renly's camp being anywhere near a castle in the castle. But then Davos and Mel find this passage barred. It would make sense to bar such a passage under a castle, but just in some random cliffs which may or may not be close to Renly's camp? I found that a bit strange.I also was confused by it. Would Renly's army have even been camping there long enough to put these massive metal bars up all over the coastline - just in case? It made no sense whatsoever even if we know that writers were trying to incorporate canon from Renly and Penrose's shadowbabies in one scene.
2161	ShadowKitty	2012-04-24	Finally, the smoke monster from Lost explained! ;P
2162	LifeRuiner	2012-04-24	"What, nothing about THAT scene?"A little strategic punctuation can work miracles.Haha, thank you. I was also scratching my head at the subject /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2163	VivaVictarion2	2012-04-25	The thing I really really miss from the books that I havn't heard anyone else mention yet is the SMUGGLING ASPECTS of Davos SMUGGLING her into Storm's End. I duno, I would have liked to hear him mention muffled oars, black sails, etc. I know black sails/ships wouldn't show up too well on screen, but Davos could have made more mention of the things that go into smuggling.
IMO, Davos should have been more scared. This was one of my favorite scenes from the books and even though it came close, it didn't quite live up to expectations.
2164	VivaVictarion2	2012-04-25	Like, OK, I'll admit that I know nothing in regards to medieval smuggling, but I'm fairly sure you wouldn't want to be walking around with a lantern and walk right up to those iron bars easy-as-you-please. And is it just me or did Davos make a crap load of noise when he was bringing his boat ashore?
2165	Balefont	2012-04-25	The thing I really really miss from the books that I havn't heard anyone else mention yet is the SMUGGLING ASPECTS of Davos SMUGGLING her into Storm's End. I duno, I would have liked to hear him mention muffled oars, black sails, etc. I know black sails/ships wouldn't show up too well on screen, but Davos could have made more mention of the things that go into smuggling.Jeezuz, really?  While those are interesting details in the book, they are so trivial when it comes to the visual representation of the show.  Do you have any idea how awkward it would be to have Davos' internal monologue on proper smuggling spoken out loud?  I agree that the characters in the boat should have been speaking more quietly because "sound carries over water" but other than that the scene worked well enough.He knew something evil was going to go happen so he was somewhat prepared hence perhaps the mitigate fear. YMMV
2166	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-25	I wouldn't agree with those that say that the scene was too brief. It got all the points across well and you shouldn't linger too long on what pretty much turns out to be an effects scene when there's so much acting to be had in this show.
2167	Robb Stark The Young Wolf	2012-04-25	It is the creepiest part of whole series. It doesnt have any sense and in book when I read it I was like OMG. I hate the way Renly dies and that shadows come like out of nowhere. Its the only part of books that I think is very bad and it sucks.
2168	episodenone	2012-04-25	"What, nothing about THAT scene?"A little strategic punctuation can work miracles.THANK YOU!!!!!!    Believe me -- I tried.  Couldn't come up with it.
2169	Clariana	2012-04-26	"What, nothing about THAT scene?"A little strategic punctuation can work miracles.Thank you.  Drafted it in a hurry when there was no apparent discussion on the board of the scene in question.
					
					
							Edited by Clariana, 26 April 2012 - 10:36 AM.
2170	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	I'm trying to figure out if we're getting a good deal or short-changed on seeing the fortresses/castles of the great castles. 
Seeing Pyke, both on the credits map and the exterior during the episode was awesome. Looked perfect. 
Harrenhal also looked great, much creepy than I imagined from the books; who'd want that as their seat? (Also, I noticed Harrenhal didn't really 'move' on the credits map - is this to emphasize how moribund the place is?) 
But on other areas we're missing out. There's been no external establishing shots of Dragonstone, which seems bizarre as it seems to get described in book world as arguably the most imaginative castle in the story so far, not just another holdfast. 
Also, have Riverrun and Storm's End basically been cut out of the show completely? I feel these locations are important not just to convey to the audience where characters are - e.g, Riverrun = rivers = ahh, yes Robb is somewhere around the riverlands - but also for plot reasons. E.g why is Stannis at Stirm's End if there's no Storm's End? 
I understand there are visual effect limitations, but if we're going to see places we really should get externals for context?
2171	Ramsay Gimp	2012-04-23	The member of the Thirteen who greeted Dany at Qarth was nice little addition (or I think addition, I don't remember him being in the books). The silly mannerisms, high shrill voice and increasingly dismissive attitude made his reception of Dany fun to watch
2172	Davos55	2012-04-23	I liked him too. Especially the Qarth, not Quarth line.
2173	teemo	2012-04-23	I found him to be a nice little addition.  Good actor and liked the dismissive attitude.
2174	Arkash	2012-04-23	Thought he was Pyat Pree at first, but in fact no... loved this whole sequence !
2175	salt	2012-04-23	When he turns to Xaro, that line made me cringe.  Sounded like he was saying his name for the first time in his life.
2176	GoldenFleece	2012-04-23	Thought he was Pyat Pree at first, but in fact no... loved this whole sequence !Pyat Pree is in the background, the skinny dude with the bald head and the purple lips.
2177	sennahoj	2012-04-23	He reminded me a bit of Ian McNeice in Baron Harkonnen for some reason. Maybe it was the desert setting.
2178	Thorny Issues	2012-04-23	Pyat Pree is in the background, the skinny dude with the bald head and the purple lips....who looked perfect in my humble opinion. Looking forward to seeing more of him!
2179	Thorny Issues	2012-04-23	When he turns to Xaro, that line made me cringe.  Sounded like he was saying his name for the first time in his life.Agreed, that was horrid. And completely unnecessary.
2180	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	I did enjoy the exchange - it was a little bumpy, but the way he downplays her importance was great.  It builds a little relationship for Dany & Xaro that might not have othewise made sense,  Yeah, stating his whole name was awkward, but compared to how many times we have heard "I am Dany....etc, etc..." it was ok for me.
2181	Pliskin	2012-04-23	I don't understand. Pyat Pree is one of the Thirteen in the show ?
2182	HokieStone	2012-04-23	Pyat Pree is in the background, the skinny dude with the bald head and the purple lips.I don't know if that was Pyat Pree (he's not one of the Thirteen in the books) - but whoever that guy (gal?) was, he looked creepy.  He looked straight out of Nosferatu.
2183	Crown	2012-04-23	I don't know if that was Pyat Pree (he's not one of the Thirteen in the books) - but whoever that guy (gal?) was, he looked creepy.  He looked straight out of Nosferatu.It is Pyat Pree, confirmed by previous casting information.
2184	Dacie	2012-04-23	I actually liked the Spice King. The way he was unimpressed with Dany was pretty comical.
I didn't care for the Xaro scene when he cut his hand. That just seemed kinda silly.
2185	Ran	2012-04-23	I don't mind that, as it's showing a society devoted to ritual and custom -- it's all rather Byzantine. Loved othe Spice King, and yes, his correction is perfect -- a perfect example of Qartheen attitudes.
2186	boojam	2012-04-23	I don't understand. Pyat Pree is one of the Thirteen in the show ?He does not have to be one of the Thirteen to be just standing there as an observer.
2187	TheEvilKing	2012-04-23	He reminded me of Varys.
I'd have preferred it if he sounded foreign, though. Qarth is supposed to be pretty alien compared to Westeros but this guy speaks the common tongue better than all of the nobles in the Seven Kingdoms.
Mayhaps this is a nitpick, but they had the Dothraki speaking a whole other language last season, which just made them feel so much more real. I feel as if Qarth is going to be a cartoon comedy land.
2188	GoldenFleece	2012-04-23	He reminded me of Varys.I'd have preferred it if he sounded foreign, though. Qarth is supposed to be pretty alien compared to Westeros but this guy speaks the common tongue better than all of the nobles in the Seven Kingdoms.Mayhaps this is a nitpick, but they had the Dothraki speaking a whole other language last season, which just made them feel so much more real. I feel as if Qarth is going to be a cartoon comedy land.Especially since High Valarayian will be prominent in the next few sesaons and is essential at Astapor with Dany's plan, I would like a language invented for it.
2189	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-23	A good addition, much better than I was expecting when I first heard the character had been announced.  He should serve as a good complement to Pyatt Pree and the new Xaro.  Now I'm interested to see how Quaithe gets introduced...
2190	Lord Varys	2012-04-23	I really liked that guy. No idea if they truly cut the Pureborn, but the society of Qarth will still be somewhat complex. The sorcerers apparently are still no part of the ruling body, and I'm also not that Xaro will be an entirely different character. He may be a Summer Islander (as is Salladhor in the series), but he still strikes me as somewhat effeminate. And despite his clearly more effeminate behavior, book Xaro really has steel beneath all his silks. He is one of the wealthiest man in Qarth, and he is also daring and willing to risk something if he smells a profit.
But I agree that all the symbolism was lost when they decided to drop the three seekers. This would have still be a great way to introduce the key players of Qarth. And they still could have created tension by letting the Qartheen bar Dany's entrance despite the fact that she was accompanied by Xaro, Pyat, and Quaithe.
2191	Rookie_Rider	2012-04-23	Speaking of Ian McNiece, that one would make a good Lord Wyman.
Anyway, yes that was a very well-crafted scene.  Especially the posturing between the merchant and Daenerys.
2192	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-23	I didn't mind the English accent of the spice merchant. I'd preferred if they sounded more exotic, *but* the almost theatrical bombast worked very well too. It made them seem alien, which was the important part.
2193	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	I love it when Dany gets owned /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
2194	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	He reminded me a bit of Ian McNeice in Baron Harkonnen for some reason. Maybe it was the desert setting.Just would like to clarify if this is a typo, because being the Dune lover that I am, Ian McNeice was certainly not Baron Harkonnen...Maybe you meant Ian or the Baron?Edit:Dany needs a heart plug.
					
					
							Edited by DampChris, 23 April 2012 - 09:20 PM.
2195	Holmes	2012-04-23	Just would like to clarify if this is a typo, because being the Dune lover that I am, Ian McNeice was certainly not Baron Harkonnen...Maybe you're not the Dune lover you profess, cause Ian McNeice certainly was Baron Harkonnen, just not in the 80's movie.
2196	Mor Vilkacis	2012-04-23	He reminded me a bit of Ian McNeice in Baron Harkonnen for some reason. Maybe it was the desert setting.Me too, it's the quartheen bloated-belly clothes.
2197	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	Maybe you're not the Dune lover you profess, cause Ian McNeice certainly was Baron Harkonnen, just not in the 80's movie.Ahh I see, my bad. I loved the novels and the film but I did'nt see any of the series. Guess I should do more homework.
2198	HenrikLannister	2012-04-23	Am I the only one convinced that Pyat Pree is actually Dean Pelton from Community?
2199	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	Am I the only one convinced that Pyat Pree is actually Dean Pelton from Community?Haha awesome. I want to believe that /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2200	Holmes	2012-04-23	Ahh I see, my bad. I loved the novels and the film but I did'nt see any of the series. Guess I should do more homework.Not to hijack the thread, but it's worth it.  They're not perfect, but worth it nevertheless.  Second series a combo of Messiah/Children.   Pretty.   Paul's weirding way is sweet.
2201	Ser Graymax	2012-04-24	The "Spice Merchant" was a great character and it looked like the actor was enjoying hamming it up.  Much better than Xaro.
"The greatest city that ever was or ever will be"
He could have played Syrio Forel and changed that to I'm "The greatest swordsman that ever was or ever will be."
Not Florios personality of course.
Baron Harkonnen, yes!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Graymax, 24 April 2012 - 01:51 PM.
2202	So1ar	2012-04-24	He reminded me of Varys.I'd have preferred it if he sounded foreign, though. Qarth is supposed to be pretty alien compared to Westeros but this guy speaks the common tongue better than all of the nobles in the Seven Kingdoms.Mayhaps this is a nitpick, but they had the Dothraki speaking a whole other language last season, which just made them feel so much more real. I feel as if Qarth is going to be a cartoon comedy land.yeah, because it's so easy to just make up languages each season for new cities. of course it would be amazing if they did, but it doesn't seem practical.
2203	Drogon's Personal Trainer	2012-04-24	I can see this new Spice King character being the one she has to negotiate with for her three ships.  That would make sense - as he's a merchant.
2204	KhalAllen	2012-04-24	The Spice Merchant looks like Kyle Gass (lead guitarist/Jack Black's plaything) from Tenacious D.
2205	Arkash	2012-04-24	The Spice Merchant looks like Kyle Gass (lead guitarist/Jack Black's plaything) from Tenacious D.Haha, true !
2206	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	Am I the only one convinced that Pyat Pree is actually Dean Pelton from Community?Oh bloody hell, don't put that image in my head /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />It's funny someone should mention Ian McNeice, I thought it was him at first.
2207	jarl the climber	2012-04-24	We also got a taste of Danys wonderful diplomatic skills that she will become famous for.
2208	Gogossos	2012-04-24	Especially since High Valarayian will be prominent in the next few sesaons and is essential at Astapor with Dany's plan, I would like a language invented for it.I agree, I think the idea that Dany will learn High Valarayian in addition to Dothraki can't be better illustrated by inventing the new language. yeah, because it's so easy to just make up languages each season for new cities. of course it would be amazing if they did, but it doesn't seem practical.They don't have to make up any more languages after these two. Besides, like early S1 the language itself doesn't have to be extensively spoken in the episodes themselves. Like in this scene we're talking about, English worked because it can be easily assumed they spoke to Dany in the common tongue for her benefit.
2209	cooper56	2012-04-24	Found this funny /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />http://i.imgur.com/gyFc8l.jpg
					
					
							Edited by cooper56, 24 April 2012 - 09:35 PM.
2210	beautifulsouth0	2012-04-25	I totally get comparison to Baron Harkonnen, but the first thing that popped into my head was The Wizard of Oz and the guard at Emerald City, with similar voice inflections and everything.
2211	Hyper	2012-04-25	Am I the only one convinced that Pyat Pree is actually Dean Pelton from Community?BTW, here is a great picture of Pyat Pree, from an upcoming episode. (the next one? not sure) http://i.lv3.hbo.com...renhal-1920.jpg
2212	Arkash	2012-04-25	Glad they kept the blues lips for the wizards of Qarth.
2213	Onion Smuggler	2012-04-25	The spice merchant reminded me of Uncle Vernon from Withnail and I
2214	Tywin's bastard	2012-04-25	The Spice King was wonderfully posh, dismissing and full of himself.  The scene struck several good chords when it came to Qarthian behavior from the book so they've transformed the rulers well into the Thirteen.
2215	GoldenFleece	2012-04-25	BTW, here is a great picture of Pyat Pree, from an upcoming episode. (the next one? not sure)http://i.lv3.hbo.com...renhal-1920.jpgDamn Emilia looks hot in that picture.  I see they have dropped the Qarth dress from the show though, one bare breast and all that.
2216	Blangadanger	2012-04-25	Damn Emilia looks hot in that picture.  I see they have dropped the Qarth dress from the show though, one bare breast and all that.That being said, the costume designer should be heralded for that photo. Everyone is absolutely gorgeous in the bright colors, none more so than Dany.
2217	Aoife	2012-04-25	That being said, the costume designer should be heralded for that photo. Everyone is absolutely gorgeous in the bright colors, none more so than Dany.The only thing I'm not buying is Jorah's shirt. Everyone gets totally new clothes, with most showing at least a nod to Qartheen fashion, and Jorah still has his same yellow shirt! At least it's clean now, and we all know how much people love him in that shirt. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
2218	Northern Soul	2012-04-25	Watching this quite awkward scene, which reminded me of a hammy exchange out of Star Trek, I thought, 'Is the audience going to put up with at least 3 more seasons of Dany not getting any closer to Westeros?'
2219	Nakraal	2012-04-24	To my extreme liking I have captured several snapshot moments of the hero's facial reactions in the series that they are just "precious"
For example the all known Varys's face when Tyrion tells him about the Theon/Myrcella betrothal in Ep3.
Many times I keep replaying the scene to take a screenshot of the facial expression. Actors are doing an amazing job delivering and directors capturing them.
This episode I got:
1. Bronn's look to sir Merrin the instant Tyrion orders him to kill him if he talks again.
It was like he was telling him "see what you done now you silly knight? I told ya to be carefull"
2. Renly's look to Mel when she gave him that creepy look and told him the "look to your sins..." line.
He was spooked and chilled to the bone as her warning was touching his soul, the constant arrogant smile erased from his face.
3. Several Tywin's facial expressions in his scene. The look he gave to his man at arms when Gentry told him he was a smith etc. Just precious.
This last one is hard to notice,
4. There are some incredible moments-frames in the Tyrion - Lancel scene.
When Lancel breaks down and starts to apologize, (just after the moment Tyrion angrily asks him "did he tell you to fuck her?"), the moment the dwarf is out of sight of Lancel, he throws down his "angry" mask of his face and he seems to mockingly smile at the torment of Lancel, only to resume the "angry posture" a sec later when he speaks again.
2220	Morrigan	2012-04-25	Obligatory "This thread useless without pics"?
2221	teemo	2012-04-25	Yeah, you got my hopes up...I was so excited to see pictures /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> Not cool, op....not cool at all....
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 25 April 2012 - 11:37 AM.
2222	Mendoza	2012-04-25	There's actually a moment that stuck with me on rewatch when Davos says to Mel, "Someone once told me the night is dark and full of terrors" and she flashes the most adorable smile possible.
2223	Pellaeon	2012-04-25	The face impression of Sansa when Tyrion offers her his and was good too, it's look like she can't believe that he help her, and how her face turn to stone on the way out, amazing
2224	David bc	2012-04-23	I had assumed the Edric Storm plot would be cut after they cut Stannis' daughter, but now it seems to have been confirmed. I guess exposition-wise this would have been difficult to set up for the TV only audience... But it does mean the Davos's plotline will get trimmed a little in the next seasons.
2225	Ser Leo Targaryen	2012-04-24	Hum... haven't thought about that... 
Which might mean that theres nothing stored for the character anyway in the books either... no?
2226	Gingerly Grumkin	2012-04-24	After Blackwater Stannis can retreat to Storms End. Or have Edric sent to Dragonstone. I wish Edric did exist as potential "proof" of twincest, but whatever...
2227	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-24	Edric is no relevant. He has no real role and leaves Westeros.  Stannis' daughter and wife are also not relevant yet.
					
					
							Edited by Hear Us Roar, 24 April 2012 - 02:09 PM.
2228	Dragon of Valyria	2012-04-24	I guess this is Edric Storm's end.
2229	teemo	2012-04-24	If there's no Shireen, not keeping my hopes up for Edric Storm.  I liked him though.
2230	The Meeraculous Third Reed	2012-04-24	I imagine he can be placed in Dragonstone come series 3 and it can simply be explained to the audience. It's a vital part of Davos' story.
2231	Ser Hippie	2012-04-24	Edric doesn't need to appear yet. If they want to bring him in later a couple of lines of dialogue would be enough ("We have Robert's bastard, the one Renly was hiding"..."That boy has a name...").I also don't think Shireen has been written out per se, because during their parley Stannis states Renly would be his heir until a son is born to him, not a child. She's unmentioned and might not be there but she's not explicitly gone unless I missed it.
2232	Nebmai	2012-04-24	D + D are quoted as saying there is some characters from book 2 that they didn't introduce in season 2 that they are just "delaying" until season 3, to not introduce too many characters at once to an already huge cast.
I'm sure Edmure is one of those characters, he has to be for the R W to make sense unless they majorly rework it; also Shireen, Selyse and Edric could be in this list, although Edric is has a minor role and there are other Robert's bastards running around who don't effect the line of succession, so who knows.
					
					
							Edited by Nebmai, 24 April 2012 - 05:30 PM.
2233	Cheese Pudding	2012-04-24	Edric doesn't need to appear yet. If they want to bring him in later a couple of lines of dialogue would be enough ("We have Robert's bastard, the one Renly was hiding"..."That boy has a name...").I have the same opinion.
2234	Brandor	2012-04-24	Val's fear of Shireen and her telling Jon that grayscale goes dormant and cannot be cured (ADWD) seems potentially important.  Though Shireen herself may not be important, the information seems to be, if they write Shireen out, you wonder what would be the catalyst for Val to share this information with Jon or who else they might decide to reveal the information through.  Then again, none of the material of this nature from the books seems to make it's way into the show anyway, the prophecies, back story, etc...  Seems they might cut it out altogether.
2235	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-24	Isn't Davos smuggling Melisandre to Storm's End in this latest episode (Garden of Bones)? I was under the impression that they are merging Renly's murder and the smuggling of Melisandre into Storm's End to kill Cortnay Penrose? Otherwise, they are altering the chronology of ACoK.
2236	The Second Hand	2012-04-24	I Am Winter --
That's my biggest problem. Where exactly are they supposed to be heading? It's basic writing to set-up that dungeon.
2237	boojam	2012-04-24	I had assumed the Edric Storm plot would be cut after they cut Stannis' daughter, but now it seems to have been confirmed. I guess exposition-wise this would have been difficult to set up for the TV only audience... But it does mean the Davos's plotline will get trimmed a little in the next seasons.Frankly I never cared for George's exposition about Storm's End , seemed a useless loop to me.
2238	Lord Varys	2012-04-24	I'm quite sure that they will introduce Edric Storm as Stannis's ward in season 3. They can't just write Stannis, Mel, and Davos out for about 15 episodes or so and have him then pop up again magically at the Wall. Stannis will have to do something during season 3 (if ASoS is going to be two seasons, he can't decide to go to the Wall in season 3!), and the only plot for him in the book is the whole plot around Edric Storm. They will also include Shireen, Selyse, and Axell Florent in season 3. They have to give us the two factions (Davos and the King's Men, and Melisandre and the Queen's Men) vying for Stannis's soul after he has lost the battle. This is his story.
I can't see them making up something out of the blue, since Stannis will be utterly defeated on the Blackwater. And showing us Stannis grind his teeth for two seasons will become quite boring.
Actually, the whole Dragonstone cast will be most likely flashed out quite thoroughly during seasons 3-4. They did not give us all that much background on Stannis, Davos, and Mel during the last four episodes, but since they knew that those characters will be around at least until TWoW there is still time.
2239	Queen Regent	2012-04-24	D + D are quoted as saying there is some characters from book 2 that they didn't introduce in season 2 that they are just "delaying" until season 3, to not introduce too many characters at once to an already huge cast.I'm sure Edmure is one of those characters, he has to be for the R W to make sense unless they majorly rework it; also Shireen, Selyse and Edric could be in this list, although Edric is has a minor role and there are other Robert's bastards running around who don't effect the line of succession, so who knows.D + D are quoted as saying there is some characters from book 2 that they didn't introduce in season 2 that they are just "delaying" until season 3, to not introduce too many characters at once to an already huge cast.I'm sure Edmure is one of those characters, he has to be for the R W to make sense unless they majorly rework it; also Shireen, Selyse and Edric could be in this list, although Edric is has a minor role and there are other Robert's bastards running around who don't effect the line of succession, so who knows.I'm hoping that Jojen and Meera are ones they are saving for Season 3... I can't imagine Bran's story without them!!
2240	Catastrophe	2012-04-25	Edric is no relevant. He has no real role and leaves Westeros.  Stannis' daughter and wife are also not relevant yet.Unless Edric ends up with the Iron Throne at the end of the series. Then he'll be about as relevant as you can get. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> GRRM said it would be someone we wouldn't expect, and Edric makes a lot more sense than some of the guesses I've heard.Personal fringe theories aside, Edric is a very important part of Stannis' story arc in ASoS, so I can't imagine HBO would cut him from the show entirely. More likely he's one of the characters who'll be introduced later than they were in the books, just like Edmure, the Reeds, Ramsay Bolton, etc.
					
					
							Edited by Catastrophe, 25 April 2012 - 04:41 AM.
2241	The hairy bear	2012-04-25	I agree that it would be no problem to introduce Edric at season 3.
In fact, the Dragonstone crew will have very little to do during S3. If we agree that Joffrey's death is in S4, then Davos won't be able to smuggle Edric away until S4.
So I'm thinking that perhaps, once Davos is let out of her cell, they could have Stannis give him the assignment of looking for one of his brother's bastard that lives in Storm's End. After he smuggles the boy out of the castle, Stannis would name him Hand as a reward. But then he realises that Melisandre pretends to sacrifice him to the Lord of Light.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 26 April 2012 - 09:40 AM.
2242	Mulled Wino	2012-04-25	Unless Edric ends up with the Iron Throne at the end of the series. Then he'll be about as relevant as you can get. /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> GRRM said it would be someone we wouldn't expect, and Edric makes a lot more sense than some of the guesses I've heard.Personal fringe theories aside, Edric is a very important part of Stannis' story arc in ASoS, so I can't imagine HBO would cut him from the show entirely. More likely he's one of the characters who'll be introduced later than they were in the books, just like Edmure, the Reeds, Ramsay Bolton, etc.pretty much this right here, and I'll also put my personal fringe theories aside about Ramsey holding the iron thron........never mind
2243	Envie	2012-04-25	With the bastard children killing scene they've already done, I am wondering if they're just going to cut Edric Storm, as well as Maya Stone (she's at the Eyrie remember) and only focus on Gendry as the remaining 'Robert spawn of interest' for the television show. And if so, what are the implications of that for the story we haven't yet read in the books? I think most of us secretly hoped at least one of Robert's bastards would end up surfacing as a contender to the throne even if they don't successfully get it. In all likelihood they are probably just side plots meant to keep you guessing and therefore not as relevant to the story playing out for the series, which has to be much more direct and abbreviated from the books.
Now Edric in particular seems important, I agree. He's the only bastard with a Noble Mother, who Robert acknowledged openly (Varys sent the boy a nameday gift every year). The struggles Melisandre goes through with Stannis over this boy are frequent in the book. She wants to sacrifice him (blood of a king) for one of her twisted power rituals (waking dragons no less haha!), and Stannis won't have it. The whole reason she went down in the cave under Storm's End and birthed that shadow demon was to kill off Cortnay Penrose (the Castellan of Storm's End) who was holed up in the castle protecting Edric Storm. I really felt it made the whole shadow baby scene more confusing at least to those of us who knew the book plot because they left out the entire reason they were sieging Storm's End in the first place!
Now granted, the end of this episode is just showing the shadow 'baby' being birthed and dispersing inside the cave... so we have no idea where its going. Maybe they are in fact going to introduce Edric (if not as a cast character at least in name) next week if there's any mention of Storm's End at all? Ugh I'm SO CONFUSED.
					
					
							Edited by Envie, 25 April 2012 - 04:13 PM.
2244	NomadicDirewolf	2012-04-25	to be honest they havent neccesarily cut shireen, or edric. Melisandre says that "she has bore you no sons, only stillborns" or something like that, that isnt strong enough imo to completely rule out putting her in later.As for Edric, they havent neccesarily cut him,though that is still likely, as the whole edric storm/courtnay penrose thing was essentially for the purpose of davos getting to see the whole shadow birth thing and to fill up time while other characters did their thing. Now they've shown the birth thing, he could just be on dragonstone, and they could say that he came from storms end, as that plot fills up alot of stannis time in early ASoS, so the producers still may want him as a way to fill up screen time
2245	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-25	were still early in the story.. time will tell.. be patient
2246	Envie	2012-04-25	I really enjoy the Inside-look from the producers / directors each week that are posted on the GoT Youtube channel. It helps me get a better understanding of the angle they're going for with each of the scenes. I realize my interpretation of the books and what I might expect to see are much different than someone else's and obviously the creators of the series have a lot of their own ideas plus a lot of limitations bringing the story to life on screen brings.
What did you think of the scenes they discussed?
Watch the video here: http://youtu.be/mWQMqaFm5X0
2247	J_Crews	2012-04-19	'Game of Thrones': 10 teasers about 'Garden of Bones'
2248	Dracarya	2012-04-21	I've heard about number 4, and quite frankly, it made me feel sick.
2249	The Frostfangs	2012-04-21	At least they wont go as far as the book does.
2250	Dracarya	2012-04-21	To what are you referring?
2251	The Frostfangs	2012-04-21	Your post, sorry however didnt realise this was the non book thread, new you see.
2252	Dracarya	2012-04-21	Your post, sorry however didnt realise this was the non book thread, new you see.No worries! Just making sure /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
	Spoiler  Point 4 doesn't happen in the book. I have no idea why they've decided to put it in, but if it's as bad as I'm expecting, I will most likely be a bit sick in my mouth /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2253	The Frostfangs	2012-04-21	What bit are you refering to then? Point four what do you assume it is? Inbox me if ya like.
2254	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	Spoiler  Point 4 involves Joffrey's sadistic interaction with 2 whores

What does #6 mean, anybody know?
2255	Dracarya	2012-04-21	Spoiler  Point 4 involves Joffrey's sadistic interaction with 2 whores
What does #6 mean, anybody know?I PM'd him /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I have no idea. At first all I could think was 
	Spoiler  the Rat Cook 
, but of course I'm getting ahead of myself there /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> It's definitely intriguing.
2256	Carne	2012-04-21	Spoiler  Point 4 involves Joffrey's sadistic interaction with 2 whores
What does #6 mean, anybody know?It's seen in the episode 4 preview.
	Spoiler They strap a metal bucket to the chest/stomach of a person, put a rat inside and then heat up the bucket. Due to the heat the rat will try to dig it's way out, and the only exit is through the chest/stomach of the victim.

					
					
							Edited by Carne, 21 April 2012 - 04:29 PM.
2257	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	It's seen in the episode 4 preview.
	Spoiler They strap a metal bucket to the chest of a person , put a rat inside and then heat up the bucket. Due to the heat the rat will try to dig it's way out, and the only exit is through the chest of the victim.
Holy crap! /eek.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':eek:' />
2258	The Frostfangs	2012-04-21	Wow
2259	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-21	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m wondering how point eight will be introduced, how much itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cloaked. And Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m wondering whether it will be just a single character.
2260	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m wondering how point eight will be introduced, how much itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cloaked. And Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m wondering whether it will be just a single character.I'm hoping its not cloaked at all, never saw any reason for the cloaking in the book.  I think the tv audience will let out a cheer as soon as they see Mr. Point 8 show up at Dany's place--I sure will!  Take that, Joffrey, you sadistic little shit!
2261	Dracarya	2012-04-21	It's seen in the episode 4 preview.
	Spoiler They strap a metal bucket to the chest of a person , put a rat inside and then heat up the bucket. Due to the heat the rat will try to dig it's way out, and the only exit is through the chest of the victim.
Are you.. are you absolutely serious? Where did you see this? This is terrible!
2262	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-21	I'm hoping its not cloaked at all, never saw any reason for the cloaking in the book.  I think the tv audience will let out a cheer as soon as they see Mr. Point 8 show up at Dany's place--I sure will!  Take that, Joffrey, you sadistic little shit!The delay was to get a better feel on whether Dany was mad.  It also served to put off accusing Mormont of being a paid snitch.But yeah, Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>d rather it  werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t cloaked.  I think they could save themselves on hiring a sumo wrestler, too.
2263	Carne	2012-04-21	Are you.. are you absolutely serious? Where did you see this? This is terrible!I haven't seen the episode, but all clues point to that.
	Spoiler http://en.wikipedia....iki/Rat_torture, read the third paragraph from the top.

					
					
							Edited by Carne, 21 April 2012 - 04:25 PM.
2264	Dracarya	2012-04-21	I haven't seen the episode, but all clues point to that.
	Spoiler http://en.wikipedia....iki/Rat_torture, read the third paragraph.
I feel sick. Reading about the threat of that in 1984 was bad enough. Well, at least I know when to turn away now, thanks.
2265	Slurms McKenzie	2012-04-21	Ewww /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
But I'm confused as to point 4....what happens??
2266	Chelly	2012-04-21	I really want to know number 10. For something to be jaw dropping on this show, its gotta be huge.
2267	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	Ewww /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />But I'm confused as to point 4....what happens??Read back up the thread a few posts... we discussed it.
2268	J_Crews	2012-04-21	I really want to know number 10. For something to be jaw dropping on this show, its gotta be huge.
	Spoiler   one word: shadowbaby.
2269	Chelly	2012-04-21	Spoiler   one word: shadowbaby. 
Oh duh! I can't believe I couldn't figure that one out. I hope its as creepy as it was in the books.
2270	J_Crews	2012-04-21	Oh duh! I can't believe I couldn't figure that one out. I hope its as creepy as it was in the books.Me too.  Other reports I've read from other non-book familiar TV reviewers have said it was shocking, disturbing, etc., so I expect we'll be pleased.
2271	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	Me too.  Other reports I've read from other non-book familiar TV reviewers have said it was shocking, disturbing, etc., so I expect we'll be pleased.It'll be soooo fun to see how the Unsullied at TWoP react... smart tv fanatics who've analyzed every single moment and motivation and potential outcome of every plot point in this series.  Can't wait!  (Though I have to say, I am not, not, not looking forward to Point #4, the using, abusing, degrading of women is approaching critical mass with me--HBO better handle Joffrey's sexual sadism... unstimulatingly, as it were.  And not as a thinly veiled voyeurism into more degradation  of women.  Tenga quidado, HBO, be careful with this...)
2272	pinkie10	2012-04-21	What do we think the cliffhanger will be? I don't know how to do the spoiler alert thing (someone help please?) or else I would get more specific with this question.
2273	J_Crews	2012-04-21	I have to say, I am not, not, not looking forward to Point #4, the using, abusing, degrading of women is approaching critical mass with me--HBO better handle Joffrey's sexual sadism... unstimulatingly, as it were.  And not as a thinly veiled voyeurism into more degradation  of women.  Tenga quidado, HBO, be careful with this...)I'm thinking it will be decidedly-unvoyeuristic, except for those wierdos who get off on that sort of thing.  Sadly, there are those who will, no matter how disturbing the rest of us think it is.  I think the whole point is to demonstrate Joffrey's sadistic shitbag-ery without showing him wantonly murdering cats with a crossbow and leaving them to suffer, and while also simultaneously meeting their naked tata quota for the week.  I haven't heard just how bad it gets from any who have seen it.
2274	J_Crews	2012-04-21	What do we think the cliffhanger will be? I don't know how to do the spoiler alert thing (someone help please?) or else I would get more specific with this question.
	Spoiler   shadowbaby  
FYI: spoilers are placed by typing whatever you want within bracketed tags i.e. {spoiler} BLAH BLAH BLAH {/spoiler}, but replace the {'s with ['s and don't forget the / on the closing tag.
					
					
							Edited by J.S. Crews, 21 April 2012 - 11:45 PM.
2275	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	What do we think the cliffhanger will be? I don't know how to do the spoiler alert thing (someone help please?) or else I would get more specific with this question.Here's the spoiler thing.  Type this [	 then type the word spoiler  then type this ]   Do not put any spaces.  Type what you want to say.  Then at the end type this   [	 then type this   /    then type the word spoiler    then type this    ]So, its this.. bracket,spoiler,bracket.  Then type whatever you want to say.  Then its bracket,slash,spoiler,bracket.
2276	pinkie10	2012-04-22	Thanks for the tutorials.
Let's test it out..
	Spoiler  cliffhanger is shadowbaby or death of Renly? I'm hoping for the latter.
2277	J_Crews	2012-04-22	Thanks for the tutorials.Let's test it out..
	Spoiler  cliffhanger is shadowbaby or death of Renly? I'm hoping for the latter. 
First, your spoiler tag worked.  Kudos.Second, I think both...
	Spoiler  I bet they show the shadowbaby birth and it killing Renly.  They're gonna combine the two and eliminate Sir Cortnay Penrose as castellan of Storm's End completely.  That's my 2 cents.
2278	Tourniquet	2012-04-22	First, your spoiler tag worked.  Kudos.Second, I think both...
	Spoiler  I bet they show the shadowbaby birth and it killing Renly.  They're gonna combine the two and eliminate Sir Cortnay Penrose as castellan of Storm's End completely.  That's my 2 cents.  
This makes the most sense. 
	Spoiler Since Renly is supposed to be nearer to Storm's End than Highgarden in the show he might stop off there because Stannis will threaten to attack after the parley. Mel will kill 2 bird with one stone.
2279	TheEvilKing	2012-04-22	You guys really think point 8 refers to 
	Spoiler Barristan? To me it simply means Dany & co will meet Xaro/Quaithe/Pyat Pree (or all of them). Barristan won't show up until the last couple of episodes, maybe the very last one.
3. The quote of the episode? "There's no cure for being a c**t."Has to be Tyrion or Bronn.4. Think you hate Joffrey (Jack Gleeson) now? Just wait - he plunges to new depths of horridness this week.
	Spoiler I've seen rumours of Joff visiting a brothel before but I'm not convinced. He's going to have Sansa Stark stripped and beaten this week. Isn't that horrible enough?
7. "Did he tell you to f**k her too?"Tyrion to Lancel mayhaps?
2280	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-22	I have  to agree with you regarding Joffrey
	Spoiler he is going to ask the guards to beat Sansa I think and hope not brothel scene, and the shadow baby will be great
2281	Chelly	2012-04-22	Good call on Number 7 being Tyrion to Lancel. I was wondering about that too. It makes sense.
2282	Crown	2012-04-22	Spoiler I also think Renly's death will be the cliffhanger, since the description of next weeks episode says: 'The end of the Baratheon rivalry drives Catelyn to flee and Littlefinger to act.' Can't freaking wait.
2283	Tin Pony	2012-04-22	You guys really think point 8 refers to 
	Spoiler Barristan? To me it simply means Dany & co will meet Xaro/Quaithe/Pyat Pree (or all of them). Barristan won't show up until the last couple of episodes, maybe the very last one.
That's what I assumed as well.
2284	Carne	2012-04-22	Book/episode spoiler:
	Spoiler I actually don't think Renly's death will be the cliffhanger. We already know the shadow baby will be in based on the episode preview, and I don't think they'd have both of those things happen in the same episode. My guess would be that Renly dies early in episode 5.
2285	Scottish Natural Water	2012-04-22	When are we going to see Charles Dance this season? We've seen him in so many of the promos, but hasn't appeared once yet.
2286	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	When are we going to see Charles Dance this season? We've seen him in so many of the promos, but hasn't appeared once yet.He should be there when Arya, Gendry and the others arrive at Harrenhal--Arya will become his cupbearer.
2287	Scottish Natural Water	2012-04-22	He should be there when Arya, Gendry and the others arrive at Harrenhal--Arya will become his cupbearer.So possibly tonight's episode? Or next weeks! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
2288	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	So possibly tonight's episode? Or next weeks! /biggrin.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Both, I hope!
2289	Scottish Natural Water	2012-04-22	Both, I hope!Yeah haha. Hopefully! There's been a lack of Jaime this season so far too. But I'm not expecting a return of him until at least next episode...or episode 6.
2290	DirtyRobes	2012-04-22	Book/episode spoiler:
	Spoiler I actually don't think Renly's death will be the cliffhanger. We already know the shadow baby will be in based on the episode preview, and I don't think they'd have both of those things happen in the same episode. My guess would be that Renly dies early in episode 5.
Agree with this!
	Spoiler Prediction: Episode 4 ends in the cave on a really dark/creepy note. A huge WTF scene for non-book viewers. Love to see how they're gonna handle next weeks previews, as he'll die early and that scatters most the characters in that area.
2291	Xtopher	2012-04-22	Why would they do the rat cage death thing? what is that replacing in the books? 
and also, that rat torture thing was done in the movie "XXX". It was awesome.
2292	Lord of Cardiff	2012-04-22	I'm curious about point 4.
2293	Victaerys Ironfist	2012-04-22	Why would they do the rat cage death thing? what is that replacing in the books?and also, that rat torture thing was done in the movie "XXX". It was awesome.It's the Tickler's torture. You see a glimpse of it in the sneak peek of ep. #14 on GameofThrones' YouTube channel.
2294	J_Crews	2012-04-22	This makes the most sense. 
	Spoiler Since Renly is supposed to be nearer to Storm's End than Highgarden in the show he might stop off there because Stannis will threaten to attack after the parley. Mel will kill 2 bird with one stone. 
Yepperz.
2295	J_Crews	2012-04-22	You guys really think point 8 refers to 
	Spoiler Barristan? To me it simply means Dany & co will meet Xaro/Quaithe/Pyat Pree (or all of them). Barristan won't show up until the last couple of episodes, maybe the very last one.
 Agreed.  Far too early for Arsten Whitebeard.
2296	soundsci	2012-04-22	Book/episode spoiler:
	Spoiler I actually don't think Renly's death will be the cliffhanger. We already know the shadow baby will be in based on the episode preview, and I don't think they'd have both of those things happen in the same episode. My guess would be that Renly dies early in episode 5.

	Spoiler But I think what they're going to do is show the birth of the shadowbaby that kills Renly, so it would make sense to have both together in the same episode. But it might be interesting to have Renly die at the beginning of next week's episode since no one would be expecting a death of that magnitude so early on in an episode. We'll just have to wait and see!
2297	Doza	2012-04-22	Well they can't fully strip Sansa, since she's not of age.  Not sure what else they have in mind.
2298	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	Well they can't fully strip Sansa, since she's not of age.  Not sure what else they have in mind.Its already been shown--they tear her dress down the back, she remains clothed in front.
2299	teemo	2012-04-22	This really should have been a book AND tv spoiler thread, lol.  It's practically all spoiler tags.  I'm very excited about #5 and extremely curious about #6??? What the hell?  And there better be a peach involved in this episode!
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 22 April 2012 - 07:20 PM.
2300	Dacie	2012-04-22	I am so icked out at the idea of the Tickler...I can't even... /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2301	sammyjankis	2012-04-25	What was this thing you could see on the left in front of Harrenhal? Was it a statue?
2302	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	I realize this isn't exactly a "new" complaint, but the changes to Littlefinger are starting to get to me. I thought they wrote him very well in the first season and he was exactly like I thought he'd be: sly and always 15 steps ahead of everybody. He projected confidence and some mystery, you never really knew what to expect from the guy. Compare that to this season where he's telling Cat he loves her and almost getting Cersei to kill him. That is not Littlefinger, he wouldn't have tipped his hand. The scenes lack the poise and calculated/cautious maneuvering which is so central to the character. So far we've seen Tyrion play off his greed and lose himself around Cat. This makes him appear to be more of a pawn and less of a player than he was in the first season in particular when it paired him with Varys as two rivals competing for the throne.I realize book Littlefinger is a man we have built up from mostly offscreen whispers. He returns from the Tyrells where he made some big accomplishment. He leaves again immediately to marry Lysa and we never see how he did what he did. I like how the show pulls the veil back and I guess it's possible we're just projecting this expert "poker face" onto Littlefinger because we see so little of him.Now, back to the episode: it was pointed out to me that he went right from his admission of still loving Cat to immediately starting to lie to her again, as if it was all part of a larger scheme to make Cat believe he was sincere and therefore so were the Lannisters in their offer to exchange Jaime for the girls. This is possible considering what show Littlefinger said to one of his prostituties. She said Cat must be very beautiful and he said "no," that he didn't even think that anymore. I forget the exact exchange if anybody can remember.Thoughts? Thoughts on LF in general?
2303	teemo	2012-04-23	Glad someone started a LF thread, because I was about to do it.GRRM recently stated in an interview that tv LF is significantly different from book LF.  So from here on out, I don't really care what they do.  I know that's not the LF I know, so if they want to butcher his character fine (this episode was still a little bitter from "power is power.")LF was certainly very prevalent in this episode, like they don't want viewers to forget who he is.  My opinions on his interactions:Renly:  I need to re-watch this, but nothing really irked me about this scene.  They were just trying to show that he is a schemer.Margaery: rather pointless.  Once again, LF bragging about his knowledge to powerful people for no real reason....more "knowledge is power" BS.  Once again, Petyr is a bit more subtle than that.  Cat: "I've loved you since I was a little boy...." at least it became kind of clear that he may have been toying with her.  But the show is definitely trying to emphasize on LF's love for Cat (in the first season from Ned to Cat: "He still loves you, you know), which I don't really like.  LF had feelings for her when he was a boy, was heavily rejected and humiliated, and has been bitter about that and everyone else ever since.  That fueled his ambitions even more for becoming a man born of nothing to a man of great power.  Love?  I don't know.  But doing it this way will be easier to explain to the audience why he says, "The only person I ever loved was Cat" or whatever when he throws Lysa out the Moon Door.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 23 April 2012 - 09:17 PM.
2304	IronSuitor	2012-04-23	I agree he's different than I perceived it, mainly for exactly the reason you said - we didn't actually see much of him.
And one can still be in love with someone, or at least obsess over the fact that you used to love someone, while realizing that they are no longer objectively beautiful. I could see Littlefinger letting his mask drop in front of Catelyn, if only for a little, so that didn't bother me nearly as much as the scenes in court.
Overall I don't think it will affect any of the later badassery he pulls off, right now I just think the writers are struggling to give him screen-time when the source material doesn't do much for him.
2305	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-23	Maybe I will break this down more later when I'm not on my phone, but... I have a number of feelings here, a sense of loss, disconnect, and mild confusion. 
I am thinking at this point that I should probably start thinking of tv Petyr separately from book Petyr and base future actions and expectation against that character alone, which makes sense to some degree, but actually trying to do that is kind of confusing. 
Also, with all of his interactions from this episode, what part of the action was Tyrion's plot, what part is Petyr's own scheming and what part is just empty writing, which there seemed to be some of this week? I don't know if looking at any of the angles make any sense anymore. Do you?
(null)
2306	Envie	2012-04-23	Well I think the idea from the books is that while yes, he's spent his whole life recreating himself into a greater man (figuratively) because he was not considered worthy enough by the Tulleys as a boy, he did truly have love (even if a first crush kind of intense love) for Catelyn. He's always wanted the chance to get her back. I don't think it was a badly played scene - if a little awkward for Littlefinger to expose himself and his true wants from Catelyn for a brief private moment. Tyrion sent him to negotiate and bring back Ned's bones to her, but of course he's going to throw in a little selfish negotiations too.
2307	Bastard of Boston	2012-04-23	The thing with Cat didn't bother me. If there's one person in his world who I can see Littlefinger "slipping up" with, it's Cat. Love makes people irrational, and with Ned gone, I can see LF getting emotional with the supposed love of his life.
2308	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	I believe, simply, they have given LF too much screen time.
That said they have to accelerate plots faster and move characters around geographically more (as this was a significant drawback in the novels IMO.
Still, I had super faith in Aiden Gillen when I heard the casting.
Even went and rewatched S3-5 of The Wire to get a feel for his acting.
Sadly, this was to be my downfall. I am a bit dissapointed to be honest in LF in the series.
They are writing too much for him, where his place should be (at this point in ASOIF) offscreen, scheming, and sending ravens.
But, I love the show (but books more) so I will deal!
2309	_Oberyn_	2012-04-23	Ah, the good old "Lets get togather baby, and btw here is your husbands bones". I just cant belive that did not work /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
2310	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	Ah, the good old "Lets get togather baby, and btw here is your husbands bones". I just cant belive that did not work /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />Over Ned's dead body...
2311	HenrikLannister	2012-04-23	Littlefinger is more reactionary in the television series, but the character is the same. It's disappointing to see that so many of you can't distance yourselves from the book series and look at the show with fresh, untainted eyes.
2312	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-23	I can see where they're going with Littlefinger. Looking at his arc throughout the books, I'm starting to see the narrative sense of punctuating his scenes with him being fast and loose with his thoughts.
Regarding his encounter with Cat,
	Spoiler  this is what seeds his uncomfortable fascination with Sansa. He realizes at this point that he'll never have Catelyn back. Sansa is a younger, naive, more beautiful, and more impressionable version of Cat. Littlefinger sees in Sansa a chance to start over again, now that he is a man of position.

Book readers keep whining that Littlefinger is losing his mystique as an unknowable master manipulator, but I'm thinking of his character in terms of the long run, and how non-reading audiences see him. It's fascinating seeing him still slip up and bawl -- after all, he's still a man. Bookfinger seems to have become this archetype, too much of an ideal. Like Cersei in the series, they're adding layers to his character. This is important. When the show reveals the depths of Littlefinger's machinations, they can have these slight character moments that will inform where his motivations come from.
At this point, Littlefinger exposes himself because of hubris.
	Spoiler  Book readers know that he basically sparked the war between the Starks and Lannisters, and may have nudged Joffrey to execute Ned. His stumbling about may be interpreted as overconfidence in his own abilities and achievements.

					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 23 April 2012 - 10:34 PM.
2313	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-23	Littlefinger is more reactionary in the television series, but the character is the same. It's disappointing to see that so many of you can't distance yourselves from the book series and look at the show with fresh, untainted eyes.Hear, hear. I was fascinated with Littlefinger in Season 1, before I had even read any of the books. Going into Season 2, you start to see more layers of his personality.I think this is only because Littlefinger is swimming in hubris. For all we know, he did conspire to have Ned executed, and this has made him arrogant. His slip-ups with Cersei and Catelyn are more a man tripping over his accomplishments than a man who cannot hide his motives.
2314	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-23	Littlefinger is more reactionary in the television series, but the character is the same. It's disappointing to see that so many of you can't distance yourselves from the book series and look at the show with fresh, untainted eyes.I don't think he's more reactionary in the show and our view of the character isn't "disappointing." Nitpicking is one thing, but this is a significant book character and one of my favorite characters. I'm hoping they don't do anything silly with Jaime since he's my favorite.Hear, hear. I was fascinated with Littlefinger in Season 1, before I had even read any of the books. Going into Season 2, you start to see more layers of his personality.I think this is only because Littlefinger is swimming in hubris. For all we know, he did conspire to have Ned executed, and this has made him arrogant. His slip-ups with Cersei and Catelyn are more a man tripping over his accomplishments than a man who cannot hide his motives.Sure, the power scene makes it seem like he's arrogant. I see that, he thinks he's the man because he got Ned killed. But his scene with Cat doesn't show hubris, it shows vulnerability. If it was an honest admission then he is uncharacteristically broadcasting a weakness - he would be doing something book LF would never have done. Ever. However, if you read it as all part of a larger plan to make Cat think he and the Lannisters were sincere in their offer, then it is within his character.
					
					
							Edited by Eggplant Wizard, 23 April 2012 - 11:03 PM.
2315	Sphinx The Riddle	2012-04-23	get over it and be happy you got any visuals at all for the books.
2316	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-24	Isn't Littlefinger's whole raison d'etre Catelyn Tully? Wasn't what happened to him as a boy at Riverrun central to forming the twisted character we're introduced to at the time of AGoT? Like someone said upthread...if he's gonna slip up in front of anyone, it would be Catelyn.
2317	Lord Belmore	2012-04-24	The Margaery scene was my biggest issue with him this episode. Right when it began, I had hoped it would be a bit more of a clever scene between two players laying the framework for what would be some sort of a relationship between Littlefinger and the Tyrells (or Olenna, specifically). Instead, it was Littlefinger doing more out-of-character flaunting and looking like a tool. Obviously, this wouldn't have involved overt marriage arrangements or anything yet, but there's a lot of room between the level of secretive cooperation they seem to have enjoyed in the book and the scene we were given.
In any case, I can console myself with the fact Book Littlefinger is still significantly different from this portrayal. It doesn't take (much) enjoyment away from the show, despite the fact he's my favorite character.
2318	Davos55	2012-04-24	I feel like they are showing his vulnerabilities now and making him look more human so that viewers may start underestimating him again, just like the characters on the show are.  Then when his master scheming, which I am sure will happen soon in the show, starts to work and his final plots are revealed there will be more of a shock factor.
I have learned to separate book and TV LF at this point, but I don't like how some people on the boards are insulting die hard Littlefinger fans who are not happy with the clear changes that have been made. Posters have made well thought out and valid criticisms of the character, and they have every right to analyze the changes and be upset with them. If your favorite character was changed, do you think you wouldn't comment on it? A forum is not going to be full of people just singing praises for everything on the show.
2319	DirePenguin	2012-04-24	I don't think the scene where he confronted Catelyn was genuine. He's probably acting. His mission after all is to get Catelyn to release the Kingslayer.
But the scene with Cersei, yeah, that's just silly.
2320	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-24	Littlefinger is more reactionary in the television series, but the character is the same. It's disappointing to see that so many of you can't distance yourselves from the book series and look at the show with fresh, untainted eyes.It's okay, I'm sure I will get over it.The producers know all of the same things that we do, plus whatever GRRM has told them. When I watch the show I expect that some of what takes place is informed by this extra info from GRRM. I expect that the show will show character's motivations a little more plainly than how things are presented in the books. An example of this was LF in the Ros audition scene. I thought his monologue was great. I think that, like so many of the poster here have said, that LF blowing his cool with Cat is consistent with this, even if having a try with her while delivering her husbands bones was pretty stupid.Before reading this thread, it had not occurred to me that some of show LF's actions could be explained by him becoming to full of himself after his recent successes. Good.What is kind of a drag for me, is my new perception of his conversations. I've gotten used to listening to conversations with LF, Varys, Tyrion and some others closely and seeing a lot of subtleties. This is how it is in the books and has been on the show. But now I'm wondering if this in no longer true for LF on the show. As I watched all of the LF scenes in this last episode, I had this bad feeling as I wondered whether I should just accept stupid as stupid, or what looks stupid as being part of a ploy. Which way was that with Margery? I'm not sure. If it was Varys or Tyrion, I would just assume that it was a ploy, just as I have become used to doing.I decided before this last episode to just accept the changed LF. But it is a difficult adjustment. It's okay that they changed him, I just don't like being confused by it.By the way, Varys' motivations sure having not gotten any more revealing than the books. I wonder if they ever will.
2321	DragonSpawn	2012-04-24	Glad this thread was started - i cringed so bad i hid my head behind my hands during the scene where LF walks in on Cat... i know that LF was there or thereabouts, meddling...  but i literally could not believe it when he walked in on her! My jaw hit the floor... i thought that was meant to be a long term mystery for the Starks to puzzle out... i even spent days debating LF's motives on this forum and what the Starks know and the show blew all that out the water in the second season! I literally thought Cat HAD to cut his throat open then and there when she said she knew it was his betrayal that cost Ned his life... and yet she didn't... i can understand the changes in a way.. but still... it was actually quite a schocking experience...
2322	TheEvilKing	2012-04-24	I actually had no problems with Littlefinger's scenes in this episode. I've considered him a seperate character to the books since season 1, he's been written very different the whole time, especially his sense of humour. LF in the books cracks me up. In the show he isn't funny at all, even though they are very capable of writing funny stuff (see: Tyrion).
2323	White Raven	2012-04-24	Cat: "I've loved you since I was a little boy...." at least it became kind of clear that he may have been toying with her.My first reaction was almost yelling at the screen that he would never say such a thing... At least he obviously lied to her about Arya.
2324	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	Im rolling with the folks who say he just has too much airtime, along with Joff.  
Why the haven't shown a single scene for tyrion fortifying the city's defenses or the lannisters being nervous/scared of their precarious position at this point in the war is beyond me.  Blackwater should be buily up over the entire season, but instead, they have joff playing with whores and cersei acting like this sane loving mother protecting her psycho child.  
I just dont get it.  Baelish is fine to me, he's purposefully unpredictible.
2325	Sheep the Evicted	2012-04-24	I realize this isn't exactly a "new" complaint, but the changes to Littlefinger are starting to get to me. I thought they wrote him very well in the first season and he was exactly like I thought he'd be: sly and always 15 steps ahead of everybody. He projected confidence and some mystery, you never really knew what to expect from the guy.I actually disagree. I was complaining about LF in the last season too, because i thought he was very different from the LF i have in my head. But i was basically pooh-poohed.Then again i seem to be the only person on the internet who thinks even Dinklage's Tyrion acts fairly different then book Tyrion. In my mind this Tyrion is too nice and sanitized while book Tyrion definetely had more edge.
2326	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	Why the haven't shown a single scene for tyrion fortifying the city's defenses or the lannisters being nervous/scared of their precarious position at this point in the war is beyond me.  Blackwater should be buily up over the entire season, but instead, they have joff playing with whores and cersei acting like this sane loving mother protecting her psycho child.  I think as soon as it is heard that Stannis is on the move, Tyrion will set about making the chain and visit the pyromancers guild.Not a fan of LF this season but it isn't ruining my enjoyment of the show. But even my non-book reading girlfriend asked me why and how the hell LF managed to jump from KL to Renly's camp like that.
2327	The GreatRon	2012-04-24	Im more puzzled over his Christian Bale Batman voice this season
They have changed so much already this season Im just going with it I guess, but he sounds so much different than S1
2328	Mulled Wino	2012-04-24	I think as soon as it is heard that Stannis is on the move, Tyrion will set about making the chain and visit the pyromancers guild.Not a fan of LF this season but it isn't ruining my enjoyment of the show. But even my non-book reading girlfriend asked me why and how the hell LF managed to jump from KL to Renly's camp like that.so they will forge a chain stretching across a gigantic bay in the time it takes stannis to march from the Stormlands.
2329	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	so they will forge a chain stretching across a gigantic bay in the time it takes stannis to march from the Stormlands.Stranger things have happened. Who knows? Perhaps they'll just cut out the chain entirely and have the wildfire be Tyrion's decisive tactical decision.
2330	Brandor	2012-04-24	HBO is turning a story which was anything but cliche into a cliche soap opera.  Every time they introduce a new character on the show you know exactly where that character is headed in the future, it's pretty silly actually.  Just proves that Hollywood is Hollywood and is incapable of original thought, they just regurgitate everything they've done in the past.  The show only confirms to me personally why I haven't followed any show on television for at least 16 years, it's all mindless crap, lacking any sophistication frankly.
2331	David Selig	2012-04-24	Then again i seem to be the only person on the internet who thinks even Dinklage's Tyrion acts fairly different then book Tyrion. In my mind this Tyrion is too nice and sanitized while book Tyrion definetely had more edge. You are not the only one, I agree. TV Tyrion is much nicer and the writers have removed most of the hints in the books that he's a jerk with a mean streak like breaking Maryllion's fingers, dreaming how the whole Vale will be turned into a wasteland by the clansmen he armed, letting Timmett go unpunished for murder in KL and even making a joke about it, etc. As for LF - they've made him so lacking in self-control and subtlety that I am totally unable to suspend my disbelief and convince myself that his guy has been a master player of the Game of Thrones for years despite his low birth. He goes out of his way to create enemies and make people dislike him for no reason and apparently spends half his time training whores instead of plotting and doing his hob as Master of Coin.
2332	Jory	2012-04-24	They're white-washing all the Lannisters except Joffrey who they're just making into the most cartoonish villain I've ever seen.
2333	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-24	Didn't Tyrion break Maryllion's fingers during the battle with the hill tribes?
2334	Brandor	2012-04-24	The books are good because Martin writes them with the notion that people have some intelligence and are capable of understanding without having things spoon-fed to them.  The show is bland because it's written with the notion that people have no intelligence and need to have things clearly spelled out.  They introduce Theon in the pilot and promptly have a scene where he refuses to obey Robb, clearly outing him as a future betrayer.  The worst part about the scene is that it takes place in the presence of Ned Stark, do we really believe that Ned Stark would stand by and not say a word as his ward refuses to obey his heir?  They essentially do the same thing when they introduce Roose Bolton, in his opening scene he is essentially telling Robb that he will torture and flay people if he chooses, regardless of what his King says or thinks about it.  Gee, I wonder what the future holds, so much mystery and intrigue...
					
					
							Edited by Brandor, 24 April 2012 - 12:03 PM.
2335	Giskard Reventlov	2012-04-24	I realize this isn't exactly a "new" complaint, but the changes to Littlefinger are starting to get to me. I thought they wrote him very well in the first season and he was exactly like I thought he'd be: sly and always 15 steps ahead of everybody. He projected confidence and some mystery, you never really knew what to expect from the guy. Compare that to this season where he's telling Cat he loves her and almost getting Cersei to kill him. That is not Littlefinger, he wouldn't have tipped his hand. The scenes lack the poise and calculated/cautious maneuvering which is so central to the character. So far we've seen Tyrion play off his greed and lose himself around Cat. This makes him appear to be more of a pawn and less of a player than he was in the first season in particular when it paired him with Varys as two rivals competing for the throne.......................................................Thoughts? Thoughts on LF in general?I agree with you.One thing that annoyed me in LOTR movies and made me hate them was change of characters.I don't mind much when they omit or add something from the book that can't fit on the screen but I hate when they change characters. And that is what they do with Littlefinger. Instaed of being subtle he is rush and is acting stupid.LF from the books would never taunt Cersei (or even Margaery).
2336	Im no Ser	2012-04-24	The books are good because Martin writes them with the notion that people have some intelligence and are capable of understanding without having things spoon-fed to them.  The show is bland because it's written with the notion that people have no intelligence and need to have things clearly spelled out.TV's a less subtle medium than a novel.  One of the most effective techniques in showing Book LF's competence and menace was having other characters internally remark on it to themselves:  Tyrion's KL POV's are loaded with Tyrion's mental notes to himself about how sly, subtle, treacherous and dangerous LF is.  The reader then takes away the same impression. On TV these constant remarks - made out loud, as dialogue - about a character without much screen time wouldn't work, and the writers are forced to create scenes for LF to demonstrate that he's treacherous and dangerous as well as to reinforce our familiarity with the character). I don't necessarily love all the choices they're making with LF, but I understand why they're being made.
2337	Lyanna Stark	2012-04-24	Sure, the power scene makes it seem like he's arrogant. I see that, he thinks he's the man because he got Ned killed. But his scene with Cat doesn't show hubris, it shows vulnerability. If it was an honest admission then he is uncharacteristically broadcasting a weakness - he would be doing something book LF would never have done. Ever. However, if you read it as all part of a larger plan to make Cat think he and the Lannisters were sincere in their offer, then it is within his character.Well, to be fair, he "outs" himself in the book as well, it's just hidden and referred to obliquely in one of the Cersei chapters in ADWD. Littlefinger asked to marry Sansa after Ned was beheaded, but Cersei et al turned him down because he was too low born. In the TV series he goes for Cat instead, probably to make the later plot with him nicking Sansa more logical to the TV audience.
2338	voodooqueen126	2012-04-24	I can see where they're going with Littlefinger. Looking at his arc throughout the books, I'm starting to see the narrative sense of punctuating his scenes with him being fast and loose with his thoughts.Regarding his encounter with Cat,
	Spoiler  this is what seeds his uncomfortable fascination with Sansa. He realizes at this point that he'll never have Catelyn back. Sansa is a younger, naive, more beautiful, and more impressionable version of Cat. Littlefinger sees in Sansa a chance to start over again, now that he is a man of position.
Book readers keep whining that Littlefinger is losing his mystique as an unknowable master manipulator, but I'm thinking of his character in terms of the long run, and how non-reading audiences see him. It's fascinating seeing him still slip up and bawl -- after all, he's still a man. Bookfinger seems to have become this archetype, too much of an ideal. Like Cersei in the series, they're adding layers to his character. This is important. When the show reveals the depths of Littlefinger's machinations, they can have these slight character moments that will inform where his motivations come from.At this point, Littlefinger exposes himself because of hubris.
	Spoiler  Book readers know that he basically sparked the war between the Starks and Lannisters, and may have nudged Joffrey to execute Ned. His stumbling about may be interpreted as overconfidence in his own abilities and achievements.
Pride surely commeth before the fall.I think that Littlefinger's aims were basically destructive, this makes him unpredictable if you think he is rational like all the others, but once you realise that his aims are destructive, he becomes quite predictable.I would disagree that Littlefinger loved Catelyn. He loved the idea of her, the concept of her as a high status person with a degree of charisma, but her values  are inimical to his own, indeed in terms of values Littlefinger's true mate was Lysa, not Cat.
2339	Ser Leo Targaryen	2012-04-24	He's always saying more than he should...
book LF would NEVER do that!
2340	Jayaris	2012-04-24	My only issue with the TV show Littlefinger is that I don't see how it's feasible that somebody hasn't killed him yet. Everybody I watch it with who hasn't read the books also doesn't understand why people are letting him live and hoping that he dies soon.
2341	Brandor	2012-04-24	That's one of the major plot holes in the tv show.  You especially wonder why Varys hasn't done away with him yet, given how they've established Varys as a masterful player of the game.  During the first season, the added scenes with Littlefinger and Varys seemed like some of the best additions.  However, in retrospect, given how they have developed Littlefinger, they immediately become the most silly.  You simply cannot believe that Varys hasn't removed him from the equation in some way given what he knows about Varys comings and goings.  They've established Littlefinger as a bumbling fool and it's just laughable that Varys allows his "inconvenience" to persist.  Major major plot hole/suspension of disbelief issues there.
2342	Brandor	2012-04-24	the writers are forced to create scenes for LF to demonstrate that he's treacherous and dangerous as well as to reinforce our familiarity with the character).I don't necessarily love all the choices they're making with LF, but I understand why they're being made.Except that the scenes they've added do the exact opposite, but I understand what you mean...  I think?*chuckles*
2343	Sword of the Morning Wood	2012-04-24	My thoughts about Littlefinger from the books is that when it's all over, if he's the last one standing and he gets what he wants, that's all that matters. He genuinely doesn't care what people think of him unless he needs people to think of him a certain way as a means to another end. It goes with the territory with LF and Varys that they play such a longer game than anyone else that the only way we can really judge their actions is when the game is finished. I think that portrayal still holds in the show. OK, LF tells Cat he loves (forgetting for a moment that he never met Cat at Bitterbridge) but we know he was on a mission from Tyrion (as he was in the books) and I'm pretty sure he'd do anything he thought was neccesary to achieve what he wants; make himself look weak, put himself at someone's mercy, whatever. Littlefinger's mind doesn't work like most characters. He doesn't care if he loses face in the short term, when all around them have lost their heads or are ruined and he's still keeping his head above water, that's when he knows, he's won. For me, TV LF is still consistent with that.
We've already seen Tyrion play LF in the books over Myrcella's betrothal. And LF does have an arrogant streak where he's cheeky to those in more powerful positions than him. Ned already came very close to hurting him, Tyrion could easily have done the same at many points in the book. It's entirely conceivable that his tongue could have gotten him in trouble around Cersei in the manner of the TV show. In the books Tyrion considers having him killed but recognises that he has too much use to waste like that. It's Tyrion's restraint and intelligence that stay his hand, Cersei has neither of those things so could easily be pushed to threaten or hurt much quicker than Tyrion.
2344	Ponyo Payne	2012-04-24	That's one of the major plot holes in the tv show.  You especially wonder why Varys hasn't done away with him yet, given how they've established Varys as a masterful player of the game.  During the first season, the added scenes with Littlefinger and Varys seemed like some of the best additions.  However, in retrospect, given how they have developed Littlefinger, they immediately become the most silly.  You simply cannot believe that Varys hasn't removed him from the equation in some way given what he knows about Varys comings and goings.  They've established Littlefinger as a bumbling fool and it's just laughable that Varys allows his "inconvenience" to persist.  Major major plot hole/suspension of disbelief issues there.It may be that it suites Varys' purpose to keep him around. We don't know how well he has LF figured out. Perhaps taking LF out of the game will lead to more trouble for Varys instead of less.
2345	Tadco26	2012-04-24	I agree that TV Littlefinger is a shadow of the book character.  I realize that they have to add some scenes to keep the actor happy, but I have not been happy with the scenes they have written.  One would get the impression that he is a brothel manager who is Master of Coin in his free time rather than the Master of Coin who happens to own some brothels among his many investments.  TV Littlefinger is a poor politician and very open with his plans, feelings and information.  Now some here argue that this is how he was then, and he will "grow" into the master planner we see later, but the problem with that is his plans revealed later, started way back before season 1, when he 
	Spoiler had Lysa kill Jon Arryn.
. 
Book Littlefinger reminds me of Benjamin Linus on LOST or Verbal Kint in the Usual Suspects, who initially seem to be pawns or completely unthreatening and only much later do we find out what they truely are.  That was the type of character I was hoping Littlefinger would be on the TV show.  Unfortunately, if the changes continue on their current course, it will make seeing him as a master mind villain later either be completely predictable or completely unbelieveable.
If they needed more scenes for the actor, I wish they would have added scenes showing how he was selling postions in the government for money, or reinvesting the crowns money.  Have some of his spies reporting to him.  It might even make Ros a more acceptable part of the show if she was spying for Littlefinger rather than being directed by him in a medieval porno.  I think that added scenes should accentuate the book's interpretation of a character, not completely contradict it as most of the created Littlefinger scenes have done.
2346	Honey Badger	2012-04-24	There is a definite difference in subtlety that book LF possesses that this TV LF doesn't.  TV version should have gotten himself killed already.  Once by Varys and another with Cersei.  I get that HBO is more visual and they needed exposition, but I wish they handled LF better, especially considering the great potential we started with by having the actor who played Mayor Carcetti.
One concession I'll make is that the awesomeness of LF was filled in by the reader, as in the books he doesn't get a lot of dialog and is usually in the background.  We see the results of his labor but not the specific mechanics of how he achieved his goals.  We simply assume he did it in an awesome way.
2347	Eggplant Wizard	2012-04-24	Good points Tadco, also:There is a definite difference in subtlety that book LF possesses that this TV LF doesn't.  TV version should have gotten himself killed already.  Once by Varys and another with Cersei.  I get that HBO is more visual and they needed exposition, but I wish they handled LF better, especially considering the great potential we started with by having the actor who played Mayor Carcetti.One concession I'll make is that the awesomeness of LF was filled in by the reader, as in the books he doesn't get a lot of dialog and is usually in the background.  We see the results of his labor but not the specific mechanics of how he achieved his goals.  We simply assume he did it in an awesome way.Yep, that's what I was saying. It reminds me of all the hate the latest Metroid got because Samus was acting out of character. She didn't have much character to begin with, just what people built up for her. Here, I think we're doing that with LF but I also think we know some important core things about him. (although we don't know much)
2348	Stenbuck	2012-04-24	I agree with most everyone on this thread. Littlefinger became my favorite character in the whole series by books 3 and 4; before then, he was just some schemer in the court, with the occasional appearance and the occasional surprise (Ned's death, Tyrell recruitment) - I thought him definetly above Pycelle but definetly below Varys and Tyrion. It was by the Purple Wedding and his reveals shortly after that I came to be fascinated by this character.
With this said, I do not know why they are making the character so plain for everyone to see right now, in seasons 1 and 2. For me, at least, my interest in this guy derives from the fact that you always knew he was a bit of a scumbag, but you never had any idea just how much. He may well have been the person most directly responsible for the War of the five kings, for crying out loud, and managed to come out of it winning big - and this came as a complete shock to me. So I simply cannot understand why did they not choose to just let LF be the quiet, greasy, superficially friendly guy he is in the books - and just come out in seasons 4/5 and blow everyone's mind.
2349	teemo	2012-04-22	So - scary, not scary?  I expected him to be a little different, but he was definitely nondescript, as true to the books.  I didn't expect him to be so smirky and laughing though.  Was also surprised that Beric Dondarrion wasn't mentioned in the questioning, even though BWB was.  Maybe they thought it would confuse viewers.  But Dondarrion has already been introduced in the series and the BWB has not mentioned at all yet IIRC, so that doesn't really make sense.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 23 April 2012 - 04:15 AM.
2350	Harle The Handsome	2012-04-23	I expected him to be more sinister and evil.  I wanted him to give off the vibe that he was thinking of all the things he could do with all that gold the villagers were hiding and what they would do if they caught the Bw/oB.  Unfortunately he came across as more interested in the fruit he was eating than what the villagers were saying.  I was hoping for seething wrath and avarice, but all I got was the banality of evil.
2351	Nebmai	2012-04-23	I sort of missed it, the Tickler was the dick asking questions not the dick doing the dirty work?  From the books I felt the Tickler was sort of the jack of all trades for sadistic torture in the "name" of the Lannisters.
2352	teemo	2012-04-23	Yes, he was asking the questions, not doing the actual work.  For some reason I always had the image that he did the dirty work, but I'm not sure that anything in the books actually suggests that.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 23 April 2012 - 03:55 AM.
2353	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	I honestly don't remember which one he was supposed to be.
2354	teemo	2012-04-23	He was the one sitting down and eating fruit. lol.  Guess HBO succeeded in him being very plain looking.  But plain, not unmemorable.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 23 April 2012 - 03:58 AM.
2355	Arkash	2012-04-23	I damn enjoyed the actor chosen... just sad they didnt have him mention Beric Dondarrion !
2356	Envie	2012-04-23	The actor was fine, but he didn't seem all that creepy - a little too likable I think.
Was the rats in the bucket thing in the book? I don't remember that and it just seemed a little tame by comparison to what I got the impression they did to those they were interrogating. How terrible can a rat scrabbling and biting at your chest be? I mean, I guess they were supposed to be so desperate to get out they were eating through the victim's chest? Weird.
2357	Carne	2012-04-23	Very good casting. Liked how he didn't really care what was happening to the victims.
2358	Tambourine	2012-04-23	I think it's good that he didn't look evil at all. It makes the torture scene much more disturbing. But I'm not convinced about the rat. If they had put it on his face, like in 1984, that would have been better. It may be a good way to torture but on the chest doesn't seem so terrifying. Also, when Arya arrive in Harrenhal, the sound of one of the Tickler's victim dying seemed much more like they were using a torture rack of some sort.
2359	The Monkey	2012-04-23	I think it's good that he didn't look evil at all. It makes the torture scene much more disturbing. But I'm not convinced about the rat. If they had put it on his face, like in 1984, that would have been better. It may be a good way to torture but on the chest doesn't seem so terrifying. Also, when Arya arrive in Harrenhal, the sound of one of the Tickler's victim dying seemed much more like they were using a torture rack of some sort.The rats are eating their way out through the stomach, to escape the heat from the fire. If that isn't horrific torture, I don't know what is.
2360	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-23	No, but that shit he did with the rats certainly qualifies.
2361	Thorny Issues	2012-04-23	How terrible can a rat scrabbling and biting at your chest be? I mean, I guess they were supposed to be so desperate to get out they were eating through the victim's chest? Weird.Well, yes. The bucket is heated up and the rat is so maddened that it scrabbles and bites its way through the victim's chest. Not all that quickly. So, really really terrible.
2362	Morrigan	2012-04-23	Perfect casting, exactly as described in the books.Evil people aren't supposed to always look sinister and evil. They don't twirl their mustaches either. /rolleyes.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />The actor was fine, but he didn't seem all that creepy - a little too likable I think.Wat.Was the rats in the bucket thing in the book? I don't remember that and it just seemed a little tame by comparison to what I got the impression they did to those they were interrogating. How terrible can a rat scrabbling and biting at your chest be?.... Seriously?Serious-fucking-ly? Did you just say that it's.... "tame"?Obligatory: http://images1.wikia...le-facepalm.jpgThe rats are eating their way out through the stomach, to escape the heat from the fire. If that isn't horrific torture, I don't know what is.Thank you. /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />
2363	Pellaeon	2012-04-23	Perfect cating, the tickler is exactly how i mention this torturer
2364	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	I liked the casting of it - if we didn't hear him asking questions, he's going to look like just some no one in a crowd.  Might have been nice to have some build up to the rat/bucket, but given that I think this episode lasted like 45 minutes, it makes sense to get his work done quickly.
2365	Bride of Winter	2012-04-23	I thought he was perfect. maybe it would have been better if he was the one torturing but that's my only complaint.
2366	TheEvilKing	2012-04-23	Seemed fine. He wasn't scary but he was a dick. I was like "hellz yeah" at the mention of the Brotherhood though, that'll get the audience wondering.
2367	kungtotte	2012-04-23	I would have preferred to see him being more hands-on with the torture. You need to be a real sick puppy in order to torture people and show no real emotion about it, but you don't have to be quite so far over the edge if you're "just" giving orders about it.
2368	Fez	2012-04-23	Good casting. He really gave off the "I've completely dehumanized these people in my mind and I absolutely do not have any empathy for them. My, my this apple is delicious. Right, let's get on with the torture" vibe; which I imagine would be very scary to actually encounter.
2369	ServantOnIce	2012-04-23	I thought the tickler would be bigger, this guy looked like a wimp . . the new mountain doesn't look near as scary as the MMA giant they had. This one looked subdued like, "Hey I am Ser Gregor I am here just to chill."  The guy last season scared me . . they might as well got Minute Bol and have him leave his helm closed if they just wanted height.
Lord Tywin also looked huge, he looked bigger than his soldiers like he would whip all their behinds   . . .
I am glad they left in my favorite line, "Is there gold in the village?"
					
					
							Edited by ServantOnIce, 23 April 2012 - 07:53 AM.
2370	Chelly	2012-04-23	Good casting. He really gave off the "I've completely dehumanized these people in my mind and I absolutely do not have any empathy for them. My, my this apple is delicious. Right, let's get on with the torture" vibe; which I imagine would be very scary to actually encounter.This. This is exactly how I imagined the Tickler. He's not a man who will take pity and he is completely desensitized to the mutilation and torture he inflicts on his victims. When he's finished one, he moves right on to the next, and so on without so much giving them a second thought. The Tickler is sort of like the assembly line of torturers, for me. I liked this casting a lot. The Tickler does not look like a bad guy. He looks like your average joe and its his casualness about the whole matter that makes him terrifying. He's a pretty unremarkable guy except for in his skills for inflicting pain, dread, and torment. That's whats scary about him. If this guy, who's so ordinary, is actually a vicious master torturer, how are we supposed to tell who's good and who's bad from now on?
2371	Dacie	2012-04-23	/ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' /> /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />
And the way he sat there munching on his fruit...
Pretty disturbing stuff.
2372	Sheep the Evicted	2012-04-23	I would have preferred to see him being more hands-on with the torture. You need to be a real sick puppy in order to torture people and show no real emotion about it, but you don't have to be quite so far over the edge if you're "just" giving orders about it.This. That rat-trick came straight out of one of the fast and furious movies; ie it's a gimmick crutch for any super-villian.  He would have been truly scary and terrifying if he just picked up and knife and was seen or implied to do terrible, awful things with it. It fits westeros' tone alot more and im kinda shocked and saddened that we see all this sex but the violence is airbrushed.
2373	kungtotte	2012-04-23	I didn't really mind the form of torture in itself, I just wish the Tickler had been the one wielding the torch.
2374	Ferrum Aeternum	2012-04-23	Good casting. He really gave off the "I've completely dehumanized these people in my mind and I absolutely do not have any empathy for them. My, my this apple is delicious. Right, let's get on with the torture" vibe; which I imagine would be very scary to actually encounter.This.  I was impressed they resisted the temptation to overplay him and instead gave him an air of nonchalance and slight amusement.  A torturer who's that matter-of-fact is much more disturbing and frightening than an obvious, cartoony mustace twirler.
2375	Plem	2012-04-23	He was perfect. So perfect in fact that I'm sad he never had a bigger role in the books, because the actor (does anyone know his name?) was awesome.
2376	Great Dayne	2012-04-23	I agree with the casting.  Not exactly as i pictured but his voice did it for me.  All my friends ( that haven't read) are asking me about the Brotherhood.
2377	Winter's Knight	2012-04-23	The Tickler reminded me of a dentist  I had as a child-he misapplied the anesthesia and then chatted right over my screams. 
Nightmare inducing it was, the way he didn't seem to even enjoy the torture, like he was doing something monotonous like stamping papers at the DMV.
2378	Carne	2012-04-23	He was perfect. So perfect in fact that I'm sad he never had a bigger role in the books, because the actor (does anyone know his name?) was awesome.http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1677757/Gotta love when the casting directors dig up (relatively) fresh talent!
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 23 April 2012 - 12:01 PM.
2379	The Nerdly Knight	2012-04-23	Certainly didn't have that scare vibe but certainly the evil, no f*** given vibe given to him. I thought it was well cast and appreciated the implication of what was being done to the victims with the rats. I never want to be eaten through the chest by a rat, nope, nope, nope.
2380	hesitantreader	2012-04-23	I thought it fell flat compared to the book.  
I would have preferred him to be more hands on if they were going to show the torture on screen.  After the old women's speech the actual torture seemed like second rate film making at best.  It just did not live up to the build up.
2381	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-23	His whole demeanor was awesome. he's acted like he didn't care. I thought he was the one carrying out the torture though.
2382	Serr Parker	2012-04-23	I liked him, from the book I gathered he could be a completely normal person which he did look like, but he just sat there with a monotone voice while people were getting tortured, I thought it showed how sick he is. With the Dondarrion part it would have been good to have his name in there, but in all honesty I forgot he was introduced in the first series and I've watched it about 20 times so I can see people wondering after hearing it thinking who's this Dondarrion?
2383	D_Richard	2012-04-23	The name "Dondarrion" would've confused a lot of non-readers, but "Brotherhood" gets them wondering. So later the show can tie them together, maybe even throw in Ned sending Ser Deric to the Riverlands in the "Previously on.." portion of the beginning.Otherwise, the Tickler's casting looked promising. We all recognised him, but he wasn't introduced OR shown tickling anyone. That'll come later I am sure in order to make Arya's list.
2384	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	Worked for me. Tickler was great.
Tywin owned Polliver.
Mountain was fine, give the guy a chance. His voice was awesome!
					
					
							Edited by DampChris, 23 April 2012 - 07:30 PM.
2385	IronSuitor	2012-04-23	His torture method struck me as a little contrived, but there's no doubt that a rat scratching at your stomach would tickle... at first. His nonchalance was way more disturbing than anything else.
The new Mountain really disappointed me, I would have rather they left him in the distance with a helm and some hefty armor on and hope to get Conan back next season when he actually needs to move around and deliver some lines.
2386	teemo	2012-04-23	With the Dondarrion part it would have been good to have his name in there, but in all honesty I forgot he was introduced in the first series and I've watched it about 20 times so I can see people wondering after hearing it thinking who's this Dondarrion?But now they're just thinking, "What the hell is the Brotherhood?" That's what I've been asked a lot about already.  At least Beric has been introduced, for people who have been really paying attention.  The BWB came out of nowhere.
2387	HenrikLannister	2012-04-23	He's not supposed to be scary-looking. It's not the kind of role you'd cast Jared Harris, Steve Buscemi, or Zeljko Ivanek in. The Tickler's supposed to be an unassuming man. I thought the casting was great.
2388	Direwolf Lager	2012-04-23	The Tickler casting i have no problem with, but the recasting of Gregor Clegane, "the Mountain", really bothers me
2389	Elfangle	2012-04-23	I thought the look was great but his attitude and actions were way off. In the books he is the one who tickles ( in the inn, he even says to arya that he will tickle her). Second at certain points he is clearly smirking and he even expresses (feigned) surprise when the boy starts making up things to save himself. Book-tickler shows no emotions at all. He just tickles and does not care at all what the prisoner says or does.
2390	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-23	How terrible can a rat scrabbling and biting at your chest be? I mean, I guess they were supposed to be so desperate to get out they were eating through the victim's chest? Weird.Haha. You try it.That was one of the grossest forms of torture I've seen. Imagine that rat clawing and burrowing a bloody cavity into your chest just so it can escape the flaming bucket. It bites and tears into your pulpy sternum, bringing it with infection and possibly the plague.
					
					
							Edited by FiveByeSeven, 23 April 2012 - 10:58 PM.
2391	aimlessgun	2012-04-23	Unfortunately I've seen that torture method used elsewhere, so it was pretty meh for me. It really is sickening the first time the idea is presented to you though. I liked the tickler. I agree that he maybe should have been doing some tickling himself though.Also cannot wait for Arya to meet him later on..."Is there gold in the village?..."
2392	Gurney Halleck	2012-04-23	Gendry was about to get tickled so good as well /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
If they had killed him off then it would have been such a scandal on the forums.
2393	Prince of Dragonstone	2012-04-24	This particular form of rat torture was an actual method used during the Dutch revolt against the Spanish Empire in the 1500s. Other forms of this has been used starting way back in Ancient China. Kudos to the writers/producers for foraging up this obscure method. It actually fits in perfectly with The Tickler and what we'd imagine "tickling" could really be.
2394	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-24	Unfortunately I've seen that torture method used elsewhere, so it was pretty meh for me.Intriguing. Where did you see this?
2395	Slingingstones	2012-04-24	The Tickler apparently doesn't derive any psychological gratification from his work as most known serial killers of our time. (Manson, Gacy, Dahmer, Bundy, to name a few)  Joffrey Baratheon, however, is just about ready to enter their league.  He is detached from any form of humanity and totally remorseless, reminiscent of WWII SS and concentration camp guards.  Well acted and disturbing.
					
					
							Edited by Slingingstones, 24 April 2012 - 06:46 AM.
2396	kungtotte	2012-04-24	That's exactly why the Tickler is scary, Slingingstones. Gacy, Dahmer, and Bundy are scary in that "Oh god they might kill me" kind of way, but the Tickler is scary because he will do unspeakable things to you and feel nothing.
					
					
							Edited by kungtotte, 24 April 2012 - 08:05 AM.
2397	Ser Dermett Corbray	2012-04-24	Intriguing. Where did you see this?http://en.wikipedia....iki/Rat_torture - My girlfriend mentioned seeing it in 2 Fast 2 Furious. Preferred the book adaptation, leaving it to your imagination and that.
2398	FiveByeSeven	2012-04-24	http://en.wikipedia....iki/Rat_torture - My girlfriend mentioned seeing it in 2 Fast 2 Furious.Preferred the book adaptation, leaving it to your imagination and that.Oh. I thought you meant in real life. That would have been quite a tale!
2399	Slingingstones	2012-04-24	That's exactly why the Tickler is scary, Slingingstones. Gacy, Dahmer, and Bundy are scary in that "Oh god they might kill me" kind of way, but the Tickler is scary because he will do unspeakable things to you and feel nothing.I agree with what you say, kungtotte.  I was just searching for the Tickler's gratification trigger...it might be he has an eating disorder (lol) and can only enjoy his food when doing harm to others.Looking for gold or silver and BD is his mission, that I can understand, but the torture/killing, I cannot find the trigger.  GRRM has taken me down a fearful path...again.
2400	teemo	2012-04-24	I'm kind of curious.  I thought one of the most badass scenes in aSoS was Arya repeatedly stabbing The Tickler to death and asking all of his questions.  But the show did not show Arya's disdain for the Tickler...he wasn't even on her list.  So they'll have to do something else with The Tickler to make that work.
					
					
							Edited by hk47, 24 April 2012 - 01:46 PM.
2401	Morvran	2012-04-24	It's possible that they're not going to develop him much further.  They already took his 'tickling' away and let someone else do it while he munches on fruit.  They didn't name him at all.  We'll see.  I will say that Arya's storyline has already plunged into darkness, and that's a good thing.
2402	Carne	2012-04-24	I have a feeling both the Tickler and Polliver will be killed off in this season.
2403	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-24	I have a feeling both the Tickler and Polliver will be killed off in this season.Good point. Arya has to pick people we already know.
2404	Arkash	2012-04-24	I guess The Tickler will die... not Polliver... the other ones will be a new character soon to be meet, I guess.
2405	The Monkey	2012-04-24	Aww, they can't cut the scene where Arya kills the Tickler! That's probably my favourite chapter in the whole damn saga.
2406	Drowned Priest	2012-04-24	The actor was fine, but he didn't seem all that creepy - a little too likable I think.Was the rats in the bucket thing in the book? I don't remember that and it just seemed a little tame by comparison to what I got the impression they did to those they were interrogating. How terrible can a rat scrabbling and biting at your chest be? I mean, I guess they were supposed to be so desperate to get out they were eating through the victim's chest? Weird.Rats can bore through stone. They do it to keep their teeth from growing too much (teeth never stop growing). A man's chest is no problem for a rat. That thing bored through his chest.
2407	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-24	I have a feeling both the Tickler and Polliver will be killed off in this season.Yeah, that seems pretty likely. Weese obviously wasn't cast (which is a shame, his "All I want to smell from you is fear" is a great line), neither was Chyswick, and they might not want to hold on to the actor who plays the Tickler for another season, or probably two.
2408	kephv	2012-04-24	I doubt they'd ruin the chance of us seeing one of the bests deaths ever. I agree she might kill Polliver this season (possibly slicing his throat to escape Harrenhal, making the kill more personal), but the Tickler will be saved.
2409	Lors' Edrick	2012-04-24	From the earlier events in the series, we know that Littlefinger already knows about Renly and Loras, but what perplexed me was during their meeting in King Renly's tent; Littlefinger makes a comment, and as Renly is turning around to grap an apple, his hand is noticeably shaking. Is this scene trying to point out Cat's statement that Renly has been playing war, and now that he is getting closer to his target (King's Landing), the idea of a terrible and bloody battle (siege) is beginning to become a realization.
In addition, with the absence of the peach in the Stannis and Renly confrontation, was the apple supposed to signify the absence of that entire peach offering scene, just a thought.
					
					
							Edited by Lors' Edrick, 26 April 2012 - 08:46 AM.
2410	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	I have no love for Joffrey, but has HBO gone overboard depicting his evilness?  Did the brutality of what Joffrey did with the prostitutes sent to him by Tyrion seem over the top to you, or do you think this indeed is how Joffrey would turn out in a few years, given everything we know about him?
Or is there another explanation?  Were the prostitutes from a Littlefinger brothel, perhaps, and this would provide a reason for Littlefinger to kill Joffrey, an easy to understand reason for an audience that hasn't read the books?  Or is it because the producers have been given a long view advance picture by GRRM and they are giving the readers a very strong hint that indeed, Jaime and Cersei are Targaryens, and this is the madness of King Joffrey?  We haven't seen any stories of Lannisters that are this perverse, have we?
2411	Hear Us Roar	2012-04-23	He was not being brutal for brutal's sake. He was sending his uncle a message. Notice he kept saying "my uncle sent you"? Little finger does not give a damn about his prositiutes and would not kill a lord much less a king because of that.
2412	Envie	2012-04-23	I have no love for Joffrey, but has HBO gone overboard depicting his evilness?  Did the brutality of what Joffrey did with the prostitutes sent to him by Tyrion seem over the top to you, or do you think this indeed is how Joffrey would turn out in a few years, given everything we know about him?We haven't seen any stories of Lannisters that are this perverse, have we?Everything Joffrey did was sadistic in the extreme. I don't think it was overboard and showed exactly the kind of thing Joffrey would want to do to pay back Tyrion who he hates passionately for repeatedly humiliating him and schooling him.They won't be able to show him having Sansa repeatedly beaten for his amusement as it was in the books since the scene with tearing her dress off just played out and that was the point at which he stopped tormenting Sansa. Since they can't show Sansa's abuse it alternatively works to show him forcing abuse on others against their will or because they're being 'commanded' to do it - which is a great way to show how Joffrey was just acting like a sadistic spoiled child with way too much power at his fingertips. Having Trant beat on Sansa isn't nearly as creepy as the private bedroom scene. I thought it was an ok way to convey just how despicable Joffrey really has become without repetitive scenes with Sansa.
2413	salt	2012-04-23	I'm starting to think that Joffrey might be bad person. Plot twist!
2414	Howdyphillip	2012-04-23	I'm starting to think that Joffrey might be bad person. Plot twist!And I had such empathy and compassion for him in the books.
2415	Greywolf2375	2012-04-23	I think they have gone over the top - almost every time we have seen Joffrey since his introduction he has done something to show He's Not a Nice Boy.  Arya/Mycah, lying to the King about that, taking Neds head, showing Sansa, etc etc.  They've shown us he is an evil sociopath - I don't think we need to keep getting a reminder each time we see him.
They were LF's whores, but no, I don't think there is any special retribution from LF if Joffrey had offed them.
2416	Tourne-Toujours	2012-04-23	Give them a break, they're having trouble fitting nudity in to every episode.
2417	kungtotte	2012-04-23	I think Littlefinger wouldn't care much about two dead whores. It would give him dirt on Joffrey which he could use to manipulate him, which in LF's perspective is probably a fair trade.
2418	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	I think Littlefinger wouldn't care much about two dead whores. It would give him dirt on Joffrey which he could use to manipulate him, which in LF's perspective is probably a fair trade.I guess we now know wht Ros is still around.  She probably commits suicide down the road, after watching babies killed and torturing one of her fellow 'girls'.  Or she's the one Cersei will end up having whipped.  Then she'll send her to Qyburn. It is interesting that Joffrey doesn't seem to have been aroused by what he had them do, more pleased, like the cat that ate the cream.  Torture for torture's sake, being paralled at the same time by Gregor Clegane.
2419	ServantOnIce	2012-04-23	I remember Joffrey in the book being more comical in some ways that he was evil but funny at the same time. They have made his character too evil, too flat it is something that Michael Madsen once said he learned from watching an interview of James Cagney, "If you are playing a  bad guy, you have to find something redeeming about his character, if you are playing a good guy you have to find something dark about his character if not then your performance on film will be flat."
Michael Madsen, has mastered that, so have many other great actors in Hollywood . . I think Jack Gleeson is capable of that but it is something that D and D have botched.
Also, making Stannis seem too power hungry that he will cheat on his wife, slay  his brother, do whatever it takes to win the Iron Throne, it is almost like they have perverted Stannis.
Littlefinger telling Catelyn, "The Gods want us to be together" is horrible . . after her husband's death no way in the world would book Littlefinger try that garbage. He would be patient and supportive a shoulder to cry on for the woman he loved.
This TV Littlefinger would get clobbered by book Littlefinger.
2420	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	Note to the Mods:  somehow you've allowed two threads with really the same topic to run.  I didn't want to write anything about whores in the name so as not to spoil, but "Joffrey and the Whores" and this thread are pretty well the same.  You may as well shut this one down.
2421	vinnie1912	2012-04-23	I think they have gone over the top - almost every time we have seen Joffrey since his introduction he has done something to show He's Not a Nice Boy.  Arya/Mycah, lying to the King about that, taking Neds head, showing Sansa, etc etc.  They've shown us he is an evil sociopath - I don't think we need to keep getting a reminder each time we see him.I would like to see something else as well.  We got some of it in season one with Sansa and Tyrion but since he became king it's been a little one dimensional.
2422	Fengari	2012-04-23	I wouldn't call it 'over the top' really, but I would call it unnecessary. It's not 'over the top' as it is something I could see book-Joff do too if he had been three years older and 'given' a pair of whores by the uncle who had just stopped him from beating up his 'pet' Sansa. But it was not necessary to show us how vile he is. If did think that wasn't clear enough, they could have taken the Sansa scene a little further.
On the other hand, it seems they seem to reach a certain T&A quota in each episode, and I'd rather have something like this that actually has something to do with the story and characters, than another whore scene I have no clue what it is there for at all.
2423	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	I wouldn't call it 'over the top' really, but I would call it unnecessary. It's not 'over the top' as it is something I could see book-Joff do too if he had been three years older and 'given' a pair of whores by the uncle who had just stopped him from beating up his 'pet' Sansa. But it was not necessary to show us how vile he is. If did think that wasn't clear enough, they could have taken the Sansa scene a little further.On the other hand, it seems they seem to reach a certain T&A quota in each episode, and I'd rather have something like this that actually has something to do with the story and characters, than another whore scene I have no clue what it is there for at all.I see you're at post 2, if no one said welcome to Westeros on your first post, let me say it!  Post often!
2424	zep	2012-04-23	Joffrey is a sadist in a position of absolute power. It's not over the top IMO, it's realistically what happens when you give a lunatic a license to do whatever insane thoughts fly into his rotten little brain.
2425	Tadco26	2012-04-23	In regards to the TV version, how did Tyrion manage to "stop" Joffrey from beating Sansa?  In the book Tyrion threatens to tell Cersei what he is doing and this cows him.  But in the show Joffrey has already threatened to kill Cersei...  So why would TV Joffrey "let" TV Tyrion stop him from doing what ever he wants?  This is a problem created by adding the earlier scene where Joffrey apparently is able to override his mother and has no respect for her wishes or commands.
2426	Greenseer Stark	2012-04-23	I think this scene served the show well. It showed the viewers the sadistic nature of Joffrey and escalated the severity of his deeds, making for some very uncomfortable viewing.
Interesting to see how Ros and Daisy are portayed after this, hopefully not just as sex objects. I'm tiring of the redundant brothel scenes but think that when used correctly, LFs prostitutes could add to his character on the show.
2427	Fragile Bird	2012-04-23	In regards to the TV version, how did Tyrion manage to "stop" Joffrey from beating Sansa?  In the book Tyrion threatens to tell Cersei what he is doing and this cows him.  But in the show Joffrey has already threatened to kill Cersei...  So why would TV Joffrey "let" TV Tyrion stop him from doing what ever he wants?  This is a problem created by adding the earlier scene where Joffrey apparently is able to override his mother and has no respect for her wishes or commands.You know, his mother is his mother, and he does have Robert's example on how to treat Cersei.  I don't know that he's fully convinced Jaime is his father, killing the bastards was his way of just making sure no evidence is around in case it's true.I think he is still afraid of Tyrion at this point.  His bravado will reach a peak in his mocking Tyrion at the wedding.  The stupid git doesn't know what's coming down on him.  Imagine what he would do to Tyrion if he wasn't murdered at the wedding, a thought that crosses Tyrion's mind as well, as he ponders taking Sansa across the sea.
					
					
							Edited by Fragile Bird, 23 April 2012 - 06:35 PM.
2428	Jakester	2012-04-24	I think they could have left the scene at the whipping and him telling Ros to whip the girl harder and people would still hate him, I dont think we needed to see a giant mace or whatever the hell it was. Not because it wouldnt have happened in the books, but because it's just something I would prefer not to watch on tv. 
Sometimes this show creates too much of a 'negativity cloud' so instead of me saying "Oh this is so cool, cant wait to see what happens next!" I'm more like "Uggh this is disgusting, why am I still watching this show?"
Yes I read all the books - several times, but reading something depraved, and seeing it on tv is very different. I do happen to think it's a bit too much in the books as well. I skipped over lots of chapters in ADWD because I dont want to read about Theon and him being skinned and having his privates torn off, it's just disgusting and it also puts me in a bad mood if I read it too often. I dont think it really adds to the storyline either in the books or on tv. One of the reasons I stopped reading Terry Goodkind and Sword of Truth series is because every book people are raped, mutilated, gang raped, eviscerated, etc etc. After you read that for days and days it actually makes you start thinking depraved and negative and people notice it.
Just like they say 'you are what you eat', you also 'think what you read' and 'act what you see' to some degree. I'd much prefer seeing sex (which is at least pleasure) on tv or read in books then seeing people in agony and hell. Isnt life full of enough bad? To me it just detracts from the fun of reading or watching a series when it's used more than sparingly. - a pinch of salt makes food taste better, a cup full of salt makes food taste like... salt.
2429	Hyper	2012-04-24	I have no love for Joffrey, but has HBO gone overboard depicting his evilness?  Did the brutality of what Joffrey did with the prostitutes sent to him by Tyrion seem over the top to you, or do you think this indeed is how Joffrey would turn out in a few years, given everything we know about him?Yes. Even as a younger character in the book, he was relentlessly sadistic and brutal. The TV show has not shown us all the things we witness through Sansa's POV. The scenes in question in episode 4 (and 1) has done a good job of condensing those moments.
2430	Stannis is the Mannis	2012-04-24	I don't really care that they're trying so hard to make him sadistic and evil, it's just annoying when they waste so much time with it. Especially when other things are getting cut due to time, it bothers me watching added scenes of Joffrey's evilness when it's already been clearly established in the show.
2431	Clariana	2012-04-24	Perhaps because despite everything he's still a child and they need to convince us his fate is deserved.  My husband, not a reader, was saying to me, "Please tell me Joffrey gets it, please..." So on that level it worked very well.
2432	Fragile Bird	2012-04-24	Yes I read all the books - several times, but reading something depraved, and seeing it on tv is very different. I do happen to think it's a bit too much in the books as well. I skipped over lots of chapters in ADWD because I dont want to read about Theon and him being skinned and having his privates torn off, it's just disgusting and it also puts me in a bad mood if I read it too often. I dont think it really adds to the storyline either in the books or on tv. One of the reasons I stopped reading Terry Goodkind and Sword of Truth series is because every book people are raped, mutilated, gang raped, eviscerated, etc etc. After you read that for days and days it actually makes you start thinking depraved and negative and people notice it.I so agree Jakester.  I love murder mysteries, but I have difficulty with a number of the very popular authors because their descriptions of what is done to women sounds like they are doing more than descibing horrific acts.  It's like they are celebrating rape and mutilation - that might be too strong a word to use, but it has turned me off a number of best sellers.  At least with George the Red Wedding built up it's horror, and with Theon we didn't see most of the aweful things done to him, we mainly see the deterioration of his psyche and his confidence.  I have to admit, though, there are chapters I could only read piecemeal.Seeing the Joffrey depictions makes me wonder how the RW and Theon will be presented.
2433	Fredwin	2012-04-23	Where was he this episode? Shouldn't he have been at Harenhal to receive Tywin? Why didn't Arya mention him in her nightly prayer? He stabbed Yoren through the spinal column right in front of her and then coated it in fake blood! I was just wondering if he's done for the season then. I guess he'll be there to take over when Tywin leaves again to fight Robb.
2434	Aegnor	2012-04-16	Thought we needed a thread to discuss the next episode.
One thing I am curious about how they handle is Renly and the shadow. I do not think they are going to have two shadows (one for Renly and one for Storm's End's castillion. I think they will combine those two. Now, we've seen clips showing Davos and Melisandre and what can only be the shadow baby scene. My thoughts are that somehow Renly and co. are going to get to Storm's End before Stannis, and so the Renly and shadow scene will occur in Storm's End.  I say this because the scene with Davos smuggling Melisandre in and her giving birth is too cool to skip over.
I think the episode will likely end with Renly and the shadow.
2435	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-19	Preview thread, because Sunday is Coming.
Did I see someone getting tortured? Also, looks like no Theon this episode.
2436	Dracarya	2012-04-21	Yeah, looks like we might see the Tickler..
2437	The Frostfangs	2012-04-21	Really looking forward to this one.
Looking at the ten teasers, they are going to reveal that someone else knows about loras and renly, littlefinger maybe?
And the introduction of jeyne to.
2438	TC_Chaos	2012-04-21	I would like to see more awesomeness from Tyrion and boobs. Thank you for reading this comment.
2439	Carne	2012-04-21	I asked the actor who play Dontos and he'll be in a couple of more episodes.
Hope we'll see more of him in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 21 April 2012 - 03:53 PM.
2440	The Frostfangs	2012-04-21	Hope we see more of jaime too.
2441	The Smiling Eye	2012-04-21	I hate Shae. I hate her scenes. More Tyrion is always welcome though.
But the parts I find myself most enjoying are Arya Stark's and Jon Snow's.
2442	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-21	I asked the actor who play Dontos and he'll be in a couple of more episodes.Hope we'll see more of him in this episode.Haha, that's awesome. I hope he has fun with it. I was moderately disappointed with his performance last time, but the scene had larger flaws than Dontos.For sure it ends with Renly's death--Loras' distrust of Brienne is so fresh, it needs to be acted on quickly, and the producers have demonstrated their grasp of pacing before. I could do without Tyrion this episode, but Dinklage carries so much water for the rest of the actors. The scenes with Cersei and Tyrion have been by far the best Cersei scenes to date.
2443	Carne	2012-04-21	Haha, that's awesome. I hope he has fun with it. I was moderately disappointed with his performance last time, but the scene had larger flaws than Dontos.For sure it ends with Renly's death--Loras' distrust of Brienne is so fresh, it needs to be acted on quickly, and the producers have demonstrated their grasp of pacing before. I could do without Tyrion this episode, but Dinklage carries so much water for the rest of the actors. The scenes with Cersei and Tyrion have been by far the best Cersei scenes to date.I can't judge his acting based on the little screen time, but he didn't exactly look how I imagined him.
2444	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-21	I can't judge his acting based on the little screen time, but he didn't exactly look how I imagined him.Right â<U+0080><U+0094> he had his trousers on in the show, but not in the book.
2445	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-21	I wonder how distracting the cast change of Gregor Clegane will be.
Seeing the actor who played Timmet take the role of Shagga in the last episode really rustled my jimmies.
2446	Chelly	2012-04-21	Uh oh, we meeting the Tickler tomorrow night /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /> . Looks like we might get a glimpse of what his "tickles" are like.
I myself am expecting some peach action when Stannis and Renly meet.
2447	Carne	2012-04-21	I wonder how distracting the cast change of Gregor Clegane will be.Seeing the actor who played Timmet take the role of Shagga in the last episode really rustled my jimmies.I'm just glad he got a line after being a featured extra since season 1 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2448	Christina Ceriddwynn	2012-04-21	I saw we get Sandor this coming show YEAY!  /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2449	Chelly	2012-04-21	More Sandor? Hell, yeah. He is so missed in all the KL scenes.
2450	Carne	2012-04-21	I just hope the new Gregor impress me, but based on some people who have watched the episode he does not :/.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 21 April 2012 - 05:58 PM.
2451	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-21	I heard there was weird ass sex scene with Joffrey and some hookers. and the torture scenes are supposed to be horrifying.
2452	celery	2012-04-21	I heard there was weird ass sex scene with Joffrey and some hookers. and the torture scenes are supposed to be horrifying.I heard this, too. People seem pretty disturbed, I don't understand why they're adding this? Maybe it's supposed to replace the scene where Cersei has Chataya tortured in front of Tyrion? If so, it seems like they're trying to make Cersei more likeable by dumping her horribleness on Joff (who is already awful anyway).
2453	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2012-04-21	I heard this, too. People seem pretty disturbed, I don't understand why they're adding this? Maybe it's supposed to replace the scene where Cersei has Chataya tortured in front of Tyrion? If so, it seems like they're trying to make Cersei more likeable by dumping her horribleness on Joff (who is already awful anyway).I forgot the timeline, but doesn't that happen right before the Battle of Blackwater.
2454	celery	2012-04-21	I forgot the timeline, but doesn't that happen right before the Battle of Blackwater.I forget too, but that sounds right. It's after Tyrion sends Tommen away right, but that hasn't happened in the show. I don't know, they're sort of muddling the timeline around a bit and it's confusing me. I need a reread.I get that they have to change some things/leave stuff out to make it work for a TV show, but stuff like this supposedly horrible scene with Joff makes me think they're just doing it for shock value, which I'd really rather they didn't. So I hope it has a narrative purpose, even if it is an awful thing to watch. Otherwise I think they may lose some viewers over it.
2455	_Oberyn_	2012-04-21	I just hope the new Gregor impress me, but based on some people who have watched the episode he does not :/.I didn't think they were showing his face this season.
					
					
							Edited by _Oberyn_, 21 April 2012 - 08:05 PM.
2456	Caro99	2012-04-21	can't wait to see sandor giving sansa his white cloak!!
2457	Chelly	2012-04-21	A lot of Sandor was cut in the first season. I hope they give him more this season. I like the Sandor/Sansa dynamic and I think it makes both characters more interesting. We got a small taste in "Fire and Blood" from the last season. I wants more, dammit!
2458	Maroucia	2012-04-21	I really canâ<U+0080><U+0099>t wait, it seems like there is going to be some great SanSans scenesâ<U+0080>¦ I hope itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s been well done, fingers crossed.
2459	Tourniquet	2012-04-21	There is a new Gregor?!
2460	Carne	2012-04-21	There is a new Gregor?!Yes, Conan Stevens was replaced . We don't really know why, but Conan wrote on his site that HBO wanted to go "in a different direction". Maybe it was due to scheduling conflicts (as he's been shooting The Hobbit in NZ) or maybe HBO didn't think he had the acting chops for meatier scenes. Conan is a member of these forums, so maybe he'll be back one day and tell us what happened in more detail. I'm definitely sad about him not playing Gregor anymore. He was perfect.
					
					
							Edited by Carne, 21 April 2012 - 09:57 PM.
2461	Ran	2012-04-21	The episode doesn't really give the Mountain anything to do. There's nothing there to "impress" anyone with, except that he's very tall (he's taller than Conan Stevens, actually, but of course Ian Whyte is rather a lot leaner... which they deal with with similar heavy padding as they did with Stevens, using bulky armor to really make him look broader).
The Mountain is fine. They chose not to linger on him or really paint him as anything other than an arbitrary deliverer of pain and death.
2462	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	Interestingly, Ian Whyte, our new Gregor, played the White Walker in Season 1, Episode 1.  He's 7'1" tall, a Welsh actor.  We shall see what we shall see about his chops as our new Gregor.  I look forward to seeing what he can do.
2463	Carne	2012-04-21	He also played a WW in season 2 episode 1 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
2464	Ran	2012-04-21	Yes, he did. Spotted his name on the wall as the White Walker when I visited the production offices while S1 was still filming.
2465	iheartseverus	2012-04-21	He also played a WW in season 2 episode 1 /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Wonder if he'll continue in dual roles.  *rushes into make-up room, dons padding, helmet, rushes onto set, slashes, grunts, beheads, grunts.*  *rushes back to make-up, flings off helmet, padding, plugs in glowing blue eyes, lurches thru the woods*  *rushes back to make-up, dons padding, helmet, rushes onto set, slashes, grunts, beheads, grunts*Poor guy, I feel exhausted for him!
2466	Carne	2012-04-21	Yes, he did. Spotted his name on the wall as the White Walker when I visited the production offices while S1 was still filming.Cool! Did they invite you back for season 2?
2467	Aegnor	2012-04-21	Yes, Conan Stevens was replaced . We don't really know why, but Conan wrote on his site that HBO wanted to go "in a different direction". Maybe it was due to scheduling conflicts (as he's been shooting The Hobbit in NZ) or maybe HBO didn't think he had the acting chops for meatier scenes. Conan is a member of these forums, so maybe he'll be back one day and tell us what happened in more detail. I'm definitely sad about him not playing Gregor anymore. He was perfect.I remember reading the post, and it seemed more that the decision was more on Stevens end, than HBO's. He got the Hobbit part and didn't feel Gregor's part was big enough to turn down that. And with the cut they made with Arya's story line, that kind of makes sense. Lorch is the one that captures Arya, so that will significantly reduce what screen time he would have had.
2468	The Bastard of Bolton	2012-04-22	Eck... I should tone it down a bit.
I was venting my anger in how some people don't seem to differentiate between show spoilers and book spoilers.  There is another thread dedicated to talking about the leaked show plots and I personally would have much rather been surprised concerning the Ticklers appearance.
					
					
							Edited by The Bastard of Bolton, 22 April 2012 - 12:55 AM.
2469	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-22	The Mountain is fine. They chose not to linger on him or really paint him as anything other than an arbitrary deliverer of pain and death.Sounds fine to me. Unless I'm misremembering, that's pretty much all Gregor was in the books as well. I don't really see the big deal of recasting Gregor; he was in two scenes in all of season one, and had only one line where he yells "Sword". As long as they cast a guy that looks somewhat similar and is really big, it's not much of a loss to me. Really looking forward to this episode. Last episode was clearly the best of hte season, adn I hope this one improves on it.
2470	Dracarya	2012-04-22	Eck... I should tone it down a bit.I was venting my anger in how some people don't seem to differentiate between show spoilers and book spoilers.  There is another thread dedicated to talking about the leaked show plots and I personally would have much rather been surprised concerning the Ticklers appearance.You didn't need to look. There are spoiler tags. Then again, my curiosity got the better of me and it made me feel quite ill. I'm glad I know what is coming.
2471	boojam	2012-04-22	Is Dany gonna just walk into Qarth ?
The horse budget got that bad?
I wonder if they are going to show the scene where Dany remembers how to feed the dragons?
Coming into Qarth she had Drogon riding on her shoulder, we have seen very little of the dragons , so far, everybody wants to see the dragons!
2472	Apoapsis	2012-04-22	Really looking forward to this one.Looking at the ten teasers, they are going to reveal that someone else knows about loras and renly, littlefinger maybe?Doesn't pretty much everyone at court know about it?
2473	Ran	2012-04-22	Carne,
Scheduling didn't work out, as there was a limited window in which they were willing to have someone visit. Maybe this year, we'll see. 
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 22 April 2012 - 08:07 AM.
2474	Chelly	2012-04-22	Is Dany gonna just walk into Qarth ?The horse budget got that bad?I wonder if they are going to show the scene where Dany remembers how to feed the dragons?Coming into Qarth she had Drogon riding on her shoulder, we have seen very little of the dragons , so far, everybody wants to see the dragons!Yes. It was a very quick snippet in the promo, but she was Drogon-less when she walks up to the Quartheen(if that is the same scene when they march out to meet her). I want more dragons, too. I, personally would like to see some of Dany bonding with her new "children". It doesn't have to be all the time. Just a scene, at least. I guess they have the whole season for that, though.It looks like the return of Mel and Davos, as well. I'm looking forward to the Stannis and Renly meet up. I'm expecting some classic Stannis words!"I did not come here to eat FRUIT.""The boar got Robert and I got Margaery. You'll be pleased to know she came to me a maid." - Renly"In your bed, she's like to die that way." - Stannis
2475	Arkash	2012-04-22	Okay, so, my guess for this episode, concerning the storylines that will be cut : Theon, Jon, Bran.And I think we'll have a lot of Dany, Catelyn, Davos and Arya (speaking as PoV characters)...And really looking forward for the discussions of the Unsullied on the TwoP forum !I wonder if they are going to show the scene where Dany remembers how to feed the dragons?They have prepared that scene in episode 1 so yes, I guess they will show it !
					
					
							Edited by Arkash, 22 April 2012 - 09:14 AM.
2476	Tourniquet	2012-04-22	I was under the impression that they would condense the Lorch/Gregor characters as they seem to function pretty much the same. That seemed like an easy way to eliminate a character but not cut much from the story. Plus it would give more attention to Gregor which would help down the line.
2477	Davos55	2012-04-22	I am excited to see Roose Bolton!
2478	Chelly	2012-04-22	I am excited to see Roose Bolton!He is in this episode? Awesome! We got a few more hours people. Sunday is here.
2479	Targaryen Kaiser	2012-04-22	I am excited to see Roose Bolton!Same here! Even after 3 episodes new characters keep coming. The Tickler, the Qarthians and I hope we get to see Lord Tywin arriving on Harenhall. Although, I am dying to see Renly's death scene and that shadow-child. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />New here. Hello everyone! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Targaryen Kaiser, 22 April 2012 - 10:19 AM.
2480	Mike Sutherland	2012-04-22	I asked a few people the other day what they thought of the new series and I got different responses. A lot of people are saying that the show is not following the novel as closely as seen in the first season and that this is making it hard to watch. I think that the new series is really good because it doesnt follow the novel as closely, I think it makes it more exciting in a way to see what is going to be included. Does anyone think the same?
2481	TyrionFan57	2012-04-22	Same here! Even after 3 episodes new characters keep coming. The Tickler, the Qarthians and I hope we get to see Lord Tywin arriving on Harenhall. Although, I am dying to see Renly's death scene and that shadow-child. /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />New here. Hello everyone! /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Welcome, from a fellow newbie!
2482	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t think weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see Roose this episode. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll see Tywin at Harrenhall though.And we should see Arstan meet Dany.
2483	Carne	2012-04-22	Roose is in the episode 4 preview and say something like "5 dead Lannisters for every Stark".
2484	Davos55	2012-04-22	Roose was in the preview for the episode talking to Robb, he says, "5 Lannisters dead for every one of ours" as they are walking along a battlefield.
I doubt we will see Arstan, though that would be awesome. I bet we will meet the Qartheen crew, not Arstan and Strong Belwas.
2485	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	I doubt we will see Arstan, though that would be awesome. I bet we will meet the Qartheen crew, not Arstan and Strong Belwas.Does the Qartheen crew really meet the spoiler description of point eight, that Dany will receive help from an unexpected source? Do you really think that Xaro Xhoan Daxos or Quaithe would count for that? Who really helps her?The HBO episode description reads:Catelyn tries to save two kings from themselves; Tyrion practices coercion; Robb meets a foreigner; outside the gates of salvation, Dany finds her ally; Melisandre casts a large shadow on the Stormlands. Who could that be? Whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ally whom sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found?And for that matter, whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>foreignerâ<U+0080><U+009D>?
					
					
							Edited by CrypticWeirwood, 22 April 2012 - 11:50 AM.
2486	Mauvka	2012-04-22	I know it is Game of Thrones Sunday when.... I'm dreaming about what the next episode should be about.  Except in my imagination it ended on a cliff hanger with Brienne attempting unsuccessfully to get Sansa out of King's Landing ;-)
I think I'm most looking forward to the Shadows scene.  Also, do we meet Robb's Jeyne in this episode, or will it be the next one?
2487	boojam	2012-04-22	I was under the impression that they would condense the Lorch/Gregor characters as they seem to function pretty much the same. That seemed like an easy way to eliminate a character but not cut much from the story. Plus it would give more attention to Gregor which would help down the line.All this biz about recasting Gregor for S2 puzzles me too, since that character hardly appears enough in CoK to worry about him. Figured Conan Stevens's film contract work would be finished before season 3 , unless he does not want to work on the show anymore ... tho I though he has said he did want back.
2488	Davos55	2012-04-22	Does the Qartheen crew really meet the spoiler description of point eight, that Dany will receive help from an unexpected source? Do you really think that Xaro Xhoan Daxos or Quaithe would count for that? Who really helps her?The HBO episode description reads:Catelyn tries to save two kings from themselves; Tyrion practices coercion; Robb meets a foreigner; outside the gates of salvation, Dany finds her ally; Melisandre casts a large shadow on the Stormlands. Who could that be? Whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Danyâ<U+0080><U+0099>s ally whom sheâ<U+0080><U+0099>s found?And for that matter, whoâ<U+0080><U+0099>s Robbâ<U+0080><U+0099>s â<U+0080><U+009C>foreignerâ<U+0080><U+009D>?I think her ally at that point could be considered Xaro. He helps her out, gives her shelter, food, clothes, water, etc. At this point, an ally could be anyone who helps her to escape from the red waste. I know his true motives are discovered later, but at first he helped Dany.Arstan doesn't show up in the book until much later on, after the House of Undying and everything. I don't know how they will have him come before then.As for Robb's "foreigner", I am not sure about that one. I know he meets Jeyne this episode, but she isn't a foreigner.
2489	zippypoodle	2012-04-22	I heard this, too. People seem pretty disturbed, I don't understand why they're adding this? Maybe it's supposed to replace the scene where Cersei has Chataya tortured in front of Tyrion? If so, it seems like they're trying to make Cersei more likeable by dumping her horribleness on Joff (who is already awful anyway).I assume you meant the Joff sex scene since the Tickler torture is from the books. Show Joff is older than book Joff, and Tyrion in the books was thinking about sneaking Joff off to a whore house to redirect his Sansa aggression (he figures at least part of the strip-Sansa scene is b/c Joff wanted to see some titties) and perhaps make him a little grateful to Tyrion. I'm OK with the writers taking this suggestion and making it happen.ETA: OK, I'm a little confused. I assumed that we were talking about two different scenes: Joff does some whores, and the Tickler does some torture, not that Joff tortures some whores.
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 22 April 2012 - 01:19 PM.
2490	Davos55	2012-04-22	Maybe Joffrey will get taken to Ros, and she will have another scene!
We all know she is everyone's favorite character /wink.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by Davos55, 22 April 2012 - 01:21 PM.
2491	Ghost of Crackclaw	2012-04-22	I asked a few people the other day what they thought of the new series and I got different responses. A lot of people are saying that the show is not following the novel as closely as seen in the first season and that this is making it hard to watch. I think that the new series is really good because it doesnt follow the novel as closely, I think it makes it more exciting in a way to see what is going to be included. Does anyone think the same?Oh, I think (as an avid fan of the books) that the show is doing the story incredible justice. It shifts the narrative burden in the right places to account for the change in medium. There are small elements that were changed needlessly, but in the grand scheme these are quibbles.
2492	Mike Sutherland	2012-04-22	Oh, I think (as an avid fan of the books) that the show is doing the story incredible justice. It shifts the narrative burden in the right places to account for the change in medium. There are small elements that were changed needlessly, but in the grand scheme these are quibbles. I agree I think that because the first season followed the novel so closely that audiences were expecting much the same. I have to admit that I thought that there would be no detail spared, but as you say the details that are left out do not seem to interupt the whole narrative of the series. Would it be fair to say that we shouldnt regard the novels as closely in this series?
2493	Jamie Lannister	2012-04-22	Roose Bolton.
That is all.
2494	Apoapsis	2012-04-22	As for Robb's "foreigner", I am not sure about that one. I know he meets Jeyne this episode, but she isn't a foreigner.She is to the northeners. Probably more so than a Frey, which is who he was supposed to marry.
2495	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	She is to the northeners. Probably more so than a Frey, which is who he was supposed to marry.A foreigner would be someone who wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t from Westeros.
2496	Chelly	2012-04-22	Is Jeyne going to be in this episode? I know they are going to play up her and Robb's romance on the show, and that's one of the changes I am actually looking forward to. We don't really get know Jeyne in the books and more Robb is always a good thing.
I know Jeyne has non-Westeros ancestry through her grandmother, so maybe that's what they mean by foreigner? Its a stretch, but I can't think of a foreign character who would have purpose to meet Robb at this point.
2497	Carne	2012-04-22	Is Jeyne going to be in this episode? I know they are going to play up her and Robb's romance on the show, and that's one of the changes I am actually looking forward to. We don't really get know Jeyne in the books and more Robb is always a good thing.I know Jeyne has non-Westeros ancestry through her grandmother, so maybe that's what they mean by foreigner? Its a stretch, but I can't think of a foreign character who would have purpose to meet Robb at this point.The actress playing her is Spanish, so yes, could be Jeyne.
2498	Apoapsis	2012-04-22	A foreigner would be someone who wasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t from Westeros.I disagree. Since there aren't really any nation states in the series, "foreigner" isn't that well-defined. It may just as well mean someone from a different kingdom, which Jeyne is in two senses for someone from the North, as someone from a different continent. And since we know that Robb is going to meet Jeyne soon that is the most probable meaning.
2499	Crown	2012-04-22	Yes, it will be Jeyne. Look at the other thread in these forums, it says Oona Chaplin will join the cast this episode.
2500	Lady Lilac	2012-04-22	So, we'll get Roose Bolton this episode? Sweet.
Funnily enough, the part I'm most excited about was that we see Renly with a peach in the preview. Please let his "chat" with Stannis be mostly the same as in the books. /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
2501	The Monkey	2012-04-22	I sense that this will be the darkest episode yet, with The Tickler's torture, Joffrey's sexual sadism, and the shadowbaby.
2502	Crown	2012-04-22	I sense that this will be the darkest episode yet, with The Tickler's torture, Joffrey's sexual sadism, and the shadowbaby.I'll be watching it with my mom. Awkward.
2503	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	I'll be watching it with my mom. Awkward.So just as the precise moment of awkwardness is about to happen, you gotta do a "Hey, Mom!  Quick, look out the window!  Its a bird, its a plane, its... oh, never mind, its just a bird."   /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
2504	Carne	2012-04-22	I'd never watch GoT with my mom. She is ok with nudity but she can't stomach very gory violence.
My dad is a fan of the show, but it would still be awkward to watch it with him /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2505	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	I'd never watch GoT with my mom. She is ok with nudity but she can't stomach very gory violence.My sister's like that, too.  Cracks me up--I mean, she's an operating room nurse, deals with blood and guts, day in, day out, year in, year out with no problem.  So, I'm like:  'Uhhhh, so the real blood and guts is fine?  Its just the fake blood and guts that makes you sick?'    People are weird..
2506	Lady Lilac	2012-04-22	My mom was the one who wanted to watch the show and later buy the books in the first place, so everything's okay on my side. Well, the first episode was very awkward, but it turned out ok in the end.
2507	towerofjoy	2012-04-22	I guess I'm a prude - the series is so graphic that my SO is the only one I'm at all comfortable watching it with. I'm sort of horrified that they may be introducing more sexual sadism than what already exists in the books. Not that I'm at all anxious to see cats getting the Joffrey treatment but would prefer to see that than something more perverted and demeaning to women.
OTOH I get that they are setting up the street riot and general unrest leading up to Blackwater - and the injustice of a certain character's eventual fall from grace/prominence.
2508	The Monkey	2012-04-22	Perhaps they are writing some of Ramsay's sick sexual habits in ADWD into Joffrey's character in season 2?
2509	Crown	2012-04-22	So just as the precise moment of awkwardness is about to happen, you gotta do a "Hey, Mom!  Quick, look out the window!  Its a bird, its a plane, its... oh, never mind, its just a bird."   /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />Most of the time I'll ask: 'Oh, mom, what's for diner?'
2510	ghost the direwolf	2012-04-22	i have to say thanks the gods i have Sky digital, My daughter is watching it will me the following day so i can fast forward those awkward scenes. She has enjoyed the show so far, but i can do without all those sex  scenes.
2511	Chelly	2012-04-22	Most of the time I'll ask: 'Oh, mom, what's for diner?'LOL. I got my sister into GoT, and now she's got my mom into AGoT. They were watching season 1 today and she had to see the Petyr's "vagina monolouge" with my mom. I felt bad, but she said my mom was laughing and joking about it, so it wasn't too bad. Glad I wasn't there, though.I doubt we will be seeing much Iron Islands, Winterfell, and beyond the Wall this episode. If it means more Arya, then I am totally okay with it. I loved Arya's story in ACoK.
2512	DragonAge93	2012-04-22	Really looking forward to tonight. I hope we get a little taste of an Oxcross battle this episode. They've all been saying this season has lots of fighting, but there's been very limited fighting thus far, and the fights we do get are too short, like the Yoren fight. Should have been extended an extra 5 minutes. I know we are getting more battles near the end, especially Blackwater, but ya know....
But tonight will be great. The shadow baby will be awesome, no doubt. I hope we get a little snippet of Jon. Bryan Cogman said in an interview a few days ago Kit's Iceland scenes finally happen this episode, so maybe. Joffrey's psychoness should be interesting to watch....
2513	snapdragon	2012-04-22	RIOT!!! better be tonight!
2514	Chelly	2012-04-22	RIOT!!! better be tonight!I don't believe that is yet. Surely they would have shown snippets of that in the promo. We did see some of it in the season trailers. I think it will be coming pretty soon, though. Its right after Myrcella is sent to Dorne, I believe.
2515	Carne	2012-04-22	RIOT!!! better be tonight!Next week I believe.
2516	Arkash	2012-04-22	I asked a few people the other day what they thought of the new series and I got different responses. A lot of people are saying that the show is not following the novel as closely as seen in the first season and that this is making it hard to watch. I think that the new series is really good because it doesnt follow the novel as closely, I think it makes it more exciting in a way to see what is going to be included. Does anyone think the same?Same here ! I love the daring the show takes, a few changes, shortcuts, gatherings... I love it, it's still damn faithful to the story, but in a cinematography way, so it's damn exciting !
2517	Auska	2012-04-22	I don't believe that is yet. Surely they would have shown snippets of that in the promo. We did see some of it in the season trailers. I think it will be coming pretty soon, though. Its right after Myrcella is sent to Dorne, I believe.Yep, it's on the way back from the docks, innit?
2518	Arkash	2012-04-22	There was also the peach in the preview, I was scared they cut it... but no !
The riot is for episode 6 I guess...
So Jon Snow appears this episode... I was thinking his story arc would be one of the cut ones, alongside Bran and Theon.
I'm curious to see the Jeyne story, really afraid of it...
I dont think Tywin will show up now, more like next episode, my guess...
2519	DragonAge93	2012-04-22	Yeah, I believe Tywin comes next week, since he would have been shown in the preview if he was coming in tonight. Since next week's episode relates to Harrenhal with its name and all, I believe that's when he'll show up, though some are saying episode 6.
I've also read that the shadow is birthed tonight, but Renly doesn't die till the beginning of the fifth episode. Should be interesting to see what unfolds tonight.
2520	The Frostfangs	2012-04-22	I hate having to wait till monday night!
2521	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	I hate having to wait till monday night!Why do you have to wait?
2522	Arkash	2012-04-22	I have to wait for the morning, myself, living in Europe... I'm gonna go to sleep soon and watch this as soon as I wake up ! 
It would surprise me if Renly doesnt die at the end of the episode... my bet is that it would end with Cat and Brienne's escape, or on Loras becoming mad and slaying everybody ! I wish they do this scene: showing Loras in rage !
2523	dark  sister	2012-04-22	I heard this, too. People seem pretty disturbed, I don't understand why they're adding this? Maybe it's supposed to replace the scene where Cersei has Chataya tortured in front of Tyrion? If so, it seems like they're trying to make Cersei more likeable by dumping her horribleness on Joff (who is already awful anyway).At this point in the series, I doubt I can be any more disturbed by what goes on, esp. in the sex department.  Personally, I think the producers can be kinda gratuitous with the sex scenes.  Anyhoo, nothing surprises me anymore.I think the Joffrey with whores scene might be in reference to Tyrion's idea that maybe if he "got a taste of honey" he wouldn't torture Sansa so much.  He was contemplating a visit to Chataya's, (or in the tv series' case, Ros' brothel) but the problem was Joff couldn't be separated from the Hound.  Maybe they'll actually play out this scenario that was aborted in the book.  The effects could be interesting, b/c it might go in the opposite direction -- instead of having his desire/appetite satiated, he, in typical psychopathic fashion, would just want to torture Sansa MORE, esp. after he hears of Robb's victory.Yes. It was a very quick snippet in the promo, but she was Drogon-less when she walks up to the Quartheen(if that is the same scene when they march out to meet her). I want more dragons, too. I, personally would like to see some of Dany bonding with her new "children". It doesn't have to be all the time. Just a scene, at least. I guess they have the whole season for that, though.It looks like the return of Mel and Davos, as well. I'm looking forward to the Stannis and Renly meet up. I'm expecting some classic Stannis words!"I did not come here to eat FRUIT.""The boar got Robert and I got Margaery. You'll be pleased to know she came to me a maid." - Renly"In your bed, she's like to die that way." - StannisYeah, what I found really weird in the first episode was Doreah asked Dany "Think, khaleesi.  What did Viserys tell you about dragons? Think of anything he said." (Paraphrasing.)  And she replies "Viserys knew nothing about dragons. He didn't know anything at all." (Again, paraphrasing.)  This scene really made absolutely no sense because first of all, in the first series, there is a scene (again with nudity, haha) where Viserys is telling Doreah all about dragons, and how his father would reward him with a sweet when he could recite all the dragon names correctly, or remember various other dragonlore.  (How else would he know about the searing of meat?)  Even more interesting is that he names dragons which, up until that point, readers of ASOIAF didn't know.  We all know about Silverwing and Vhagar, Meraxes, Balerion, etc. etc., but he said some other ones which Martin confirmed were names of other Targaryen dragons.  The second problem with this scene is that if they had just followed the book, there wouldn't be the inevitable problem of the tiny dragons starving to death.  How are there gonna resolve that?  Serendipity by Dany?  I understand that they want to make her the ultimate heroine, but I like the little parts where Viserys is shown to be human, before he went mad.I too would like to see at least one scene of her bonding with the dragons.  One major question: why is this episode called The Garden of Bones?  It doesn't sense for the outside of Qartheen's walls to be called that, b/c they're a rich enough place to feast every khal who comes by, and they are not a martial city, they're a merchant city.  Garden of Bones, I thought, was similar to the translation of Vaes Tolorro, the white city they were supposed to have found in the middle of the Red Waste.  I think either the Dothraki called it that at first or that's the actual translation.It'll also be confusing if there is no Quaithe or Pyat Pree.  I haven't read extensively about the casting so I don't know if they were cast, but I hope they are in that episode.  But, obviously, this is a Dany-centered episode.Re: Stannis & RenlyHahaha although I would love to see all of those lines repeated, I have this feeling that the peach scene won't be in the episode.  I feel like the writers won't think it's important enough or something, or take up too much screen time. It would also show what a funny guy Renly was, and they just haven't built up his character to be funny - more like a resentful, somewhat scared, kind, and conflicted young man.  Not much like how he was in the book at all.My final comment is that I wish there were more Bran and Arya scenes -- but especially Bran scenes.  STILL mourning the loss of the Reeds...
					
					
							Edited by dark  sister, 22 April 2012 - 05:32 PM.
2524	Arkash	2012-04-22	I understand that they want to make her the ultimate heroine, but I like the little parts where Viserys is shown to be human, before he went mad.Just rewatched the scene with Doreah, amazing scene... Viserys is maybe the most tragic character of the story, I like his little moments of humanity too, reminding us how he was in his childhood...As for the peach, it seems to appear in the trailer, so I guess it will show up, and D&D know that it's one of the fans favorite moments, guess they wont cut it out !Not after cutting so much amazing lines in Arya's storyarc last week !
2525	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	Yeah, what I found really weird in the first episode was Doreah asked Dany "Think, khaleesi.  What did Viserys tell you about dragons? Think of anything he said." (Paraphrasing.)  And she replies "Viserys knew nothing about dragons. He didn't know anything at all." (Again, paraphrasing.)  This scene really made absolutely no sense because first of all, in the first series, there is a scene (again with nudity, haha) where Viserys is telling Doreah all about dragons, and how his father would reward him with a sweet when he could recite all the dragon names correctly, or remember various other dragonlore.  (How else would he know about the searing of meat?)  Even more interesting is that he names dragons which, up until that point, readers of ASOIAF didn't know.  We all know about Silverwing and Vhagar, Meraxes, Balerion, etc. etc., but he said some other ones which Martin confirmed were names of other Targaryen dragons.  The second problem with this scene is that if they had just followed the book, there wouldn't be the inevitable problem of the tiny dragons starving to death.  How are there gonna resolve that?  Serendipity by Dany?  I understand that they want to make her the ultimate heroine, but I like the little parts where Viserys is shown to be human, before he went mad..A missing sentence from Dany's convo--the girl asked what Viserys had said and Dany answered:  'He said they eat meat.'  The girl then goes on to ask what kind of meat, etc.  That's when Dany says Viserys didn't know anything about anything.The missing fact in all this is, of course, that they eat charred meat.  Perhaps Viserys never mentioned that to Dany.Also, it seems easy to me to resolve, other than 'serendipity' by Dany.  She offers Drogon a hunk of raw meat, he rejects it, she flings it away in frustration and Drogon immediately sends out a blast and char-broils it.ETA: That last scenario I described makes sense to me for another reason--I would think dragons would be hunters, like hawks, cats, sharks, the hunting instinct kicks in when the 'meat' is moving.
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 22 April 2012 - 06:12 PM.
2526	Iron Captain	2012-04-22	I've also read that the shadow is birthed tonight, but Renly doesn't die till the beginning of the fifth episode. Should be interesting to see what unfolds tonight.Yeah I could also see the shadow baby running by Davos (since it seems he will be with her) being the ultimate cliffhanger ending for people who havent read the books.  People will have no idea what's going on!
2527	Carne	2012-04-22	An early review with some spoilers: http://www.ropeofsil...4-review-recap/
2528	beautifulsouth0	2012-04-22	I thought Dany "discovered" the charred meat idea in Qarth, when she is safe and has time to tend to the dragons.  It gives us that tender moment with her children that everyone wants to see (more dragons, at least), and it also gives a little background for "Dracarys!" so it doesn't come straight out of left field later on.  Although, as long as they're making changes, I would like to see the charred meat idea to come out of Artsan after we know who he is, so he can prove that he knows more about dragons and the Targs than Viserys ever knew.
On another note, (I don't know if this belongs on this thread, but as long as we're saying what we're looking forward to)  when Cersei gets back at Tyrion, how awesome for us Ros-haters would it be if she is the target?  I don't see this happening for a couple weeks yet, at least not until after Privy-gate and maybe the Dorne send-off riot, but a million cheers would be heard across the nation!  At least I hope this is who gets it, not Miss Drippymouth or GM Pycelle's bedmate.
2529	iheartseverus	2012-04-22	An early review with some spoilers: http://www.ropeofsil...4-review-recap/Interesting.  Any of you Hollywood-savvy people know what this means:  'We start with a boo scare, never a nice open.'  Uhhhh, what?Also interesting that the reviewer downgrades it because of what sounds like is going to be some pretty horrific violence.  Yikes, not quite sure if I'm ready...  (HA!  Who am I kidding, wouldn't miss it for the world!)
2530	Winter's Knight	2012-04-22	I thought Dany "discovered" the charred meat idea in Qarth, when she is safe and has time to tend to the dragons.  It gives us that tender moment with her children that everyone wants to see (more dragons, at least), and it also gives a little background for "Dracarys!" so it doesn't come straight out of left field later on.  Although, as long as they're making changes, I would like to see the charred meat idea to come out of Artsan after we know who he is, so he can prove that he knows more about dragons and the Targs than Viserys ever knew.On another note, (I don't know if this belongs on this thread, but as long as we're saying what we're looking forward to)  when Cersei gets back at Tyrion, how awesome for us Ros-haters would it be if she is the target?  I don't see this happening for a couple weeks yet, at least not until after Privy-gate and maybe the Dorne send-off riot, but a million cheers would be heard across the nation!  At least I hope this is who gets it, not Miss Drippymouth or GM Pycelle's bedmate.No, as much as she irritates me, I won't enjoy her getting tortured.
2531	The Sun's Son	2012-04-22	Yeah I could also see the shadow baby running by Davos (since it seems he will be with her) being the ultimate cliffhanger ending for people who havent read the books.  People will have no idea what's going on!I feel like I have seen in a few places that Renly does in fact die at the end of Garden of Bones. But I could be wrong.Things I'm most looking forward to tonight:- Melisandre's shadow baby, of course.- The added scenes with Littlefinger and Margaery.- Dany getting to Qarth and meeting Xaro Xhoan Daxos, Pyat Pree, and the added Spice King.- More Brienne!- The Tickler in action.
2532	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	Although, as long as they're making changes, I would like to see the charred meat idea to come out of Artsan after we know who he is, so he can prove that he knows more about dragons and the Targs than Viserys ever knew.Doesnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t even make sense that they would survive without food all the way to Qarth, let alone having to wait for Squire Whitebeard to arrive, before they get to eat.I think theyâ<U+0080><U+0099>dâ<U+0080><U+0099>ve gone hunting on their own.
2533	Dracarya	2012-04-22	Re: Stannis & RenlyHahaha although I would love to see all of those lines repeated, I have this feeling that the peach scene won't be in the episode.  I feel like the writers won't think it's important enough or something, or take up too much screen time. It would also show what a funny guy Renly was, and they just haven't built up his character to be funny - more like a resentful, somewhat scared, kind, and conflicted young man.  Not much like how he was in the book at all.Sad as we are, we had a little campaign-thing going on for the Peach on tumblr. From the preview, it looks like it'll be in, but as far as I could tell, it was a scene with LF. Ah well, just have to wait and see! I hope they keep it in, Stannis simply has to say "I will go to my death bed thinking of my brother's peach" /rofl2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rofl:' />My final comment is that I wish there were more Bran and Arya scenes -- but especially Bran scenes.  STILL mourning the loss of the Reeds...Agreed. I sincerely hope they come into the show at some point. I don't see how Osha can fill their roles.
2534	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	Things I'm most looking forward to tonight:- Dany getting to Qarth and meeting Xaro Xhoan Daxos, Pyat Pree, and the added Spice King.â<U+0080><U+009C>The added spice kingâ<U+0080><U+009D>?
2535	CrypticWeirwood	2012-04-22	Ah well, just have to wait and see! I hope they keep it in, Stannis simply has to say "I will go to my death bed thinking of my brother's peach".The only way that Stannis is going to die in bed is if his pet undead succubus drains him dry.
2536	beautifulsouth0	2012-04-22	Nobody ever said it in the novel or the series, and I doubt that the Dothraki would even consider it, but I always kind of assumed Dany was feeding the dragons horsemeat to keep them alive in the Red Waste.  That's what I would have done, anyway, as long as horses are dropping dead anyway and the dragons are my only current hope of winning future battles.
2537	Dracarya	2012-04-22	Nobody ever said it in the novel or the series, and I doubt that the Dothraki would even consider it, but I always kind of assumed Dany was feeding the dragons horsemeat to keep them alive in the Red Waste.  That's what I would have done, anyway, as long as horses are dropping dead anyway and the dragons are my only current hope of winning future battles.They only eat cooked meat though. It doesn't seem like they were eating at all until she realised this while in Qarth I believe, and learned that 'dracarys' makes them breathe fire.
2538	Winter's Knight	2012-04-22	They only eat cooked meat though. It doesn't seem like they were eating at all until she realised this while in Qarth I believe, and learned that 'dracarys' makes them breathe fire.She trained them to breathe fire at "Dracarys"  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.But yes, it was around  the same time I think.
2539	Dracarya	2012-04-22	She trained them to breathe fire at "Dracarys"  /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />.But yes, it was around  the same time I think.Oh really? I thought it was another convenient thing her Targaryen blood gave her, knowledge of secret commands /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Ah, well, I hope they speed it up in the show, else those dragons will be dead soon /tongue.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
2540	teemo	2012-04-22	I don't understand why there needs to be some weird brothel sex scene with Joffrey.  I just have this icky feeling that they are making him more and more despicable to kind of "off-set" Cersei's wickedness, thus making her more "likable" to the audience.  That's just ridiculous, considering that Cersei is debatably even worse than the kid.  Anyone that gives over people to Qyburn without the slightest bit of remorse deserves a torturous, painful death themselves.
					
					
							Edited by vanille, 22 April 2012 - 07:28 PM.
2541	Arrogant Bastard	2012-04-22	I don't understand why there needs to be some weird brothel sex scene with Joffrey.  I just have this icky feeling that they are making him more and more despicable to kind of "off-set" Cersei's wickedness, thus making her more "likable" to the audience.  That's just ridiculous, considering that Cersei is debatably even worse than the kid.  Anyone that gives over people to Qyburn without the slightest bit of remorse deserves a torturous, painful death themselves.Yeah, I tend to agree with that. Joffrey is already a despicable, evil little shit. I should withhold judgment on the scene until I see the episode, but as of right now, I don't really like the sound of it. In the books, Tyrion does have the thought of taking Joffrey to a brothel, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised that on this show they decided to take that one sentence thought and turn it into a scene. Still, if it's a well done scene that accomplishes more than just showing Joffrey as evil, I guess I can't complain. But, and I'm definitely jumping the gun on this, I feel like the time probably could be used better than on a scene of Joffrey with Ros.
2542	Iron Captain	2012-04-22	I think it will be ok (I havent read about what happens in the scene, but from forum posts I get the gist of it).  I suppose they can show this rather than him mutilate a cat (or is it a puppy?), and it wouldn't surprise me if he punishes one of the red headed prostitutes in some sort of weird sansa-hurting fetish after Tyrion assumedly saves her from punishment.
2543	The Red Lamb Chop	2012-04-22	I don't understand why there needs to be some weird brothel sex scene with Joffrey.  I just have this icky feeling that they are making him more and more despicable to kind of "off-set" Cersei's wickedness, thus making her more "likable" to the audience.  That's just ridiculous, considering that Cersei is debatably even worse than the kid.  Anyone that gives over people to Qyburn without the slightest bit of remorse deserves a torturous, painful death themselves.I think they're gonna wait until Joffrey's dead to go all out on making her completely evil, to try and make her a little sympathetic, like she went this crazy cause her son was murdered supposedly by her brother and that's why she's crazy. Sort of like how Cersei "confesses" to the High Sparrow in ADWD, saying she did everything out of grief from her husband's and son's deaths... Just what I think of the direction they're trying to go making her such the concerned mother and all.
2544	Knez Snow	2012-04-22	I hope Roose Bolton will show up in this episode.
2545	Planetary	2012-04-22	Yes, but Tyrion doesn't consider taking Joffrey to a brothel out of altruism, it's just an idea to keep him occupied on nonconsequential things. Thus the previews of Joffrey hefting a crossbow, which in the books was another distraction...IIRC Tyrion said something like, "A shiny new toy to keep him occupied..."
And I agree with everyone who mentioned The Peach. That was a great scene in the books, and in the TV show it's a good opportunity to give Davos more screen time and show the viewers that Stannis truly values the honest counsel Davos offers.
2546	dark  sister	2012-04-22	A missing sentence from Dany's convo--the girl asked what Viserys had said and Dany answered:  'He said they eat meat.'  The girl then goes on to ask what kind of meat, etc.  That's when Dany says Viserys didn't know anything about anything.The missing fact in all this is, of course, that they eat charred meat.  Perhaps Viserys never mentioned that to Dany.Also, it seems easy to me to resolve, other than 'serendipity' by Dany.  She offers Drogon a hunk of raw meat, he rejects it, she flings it away in frustration and Drogon immediately sends out a blast and char-broils it.ETA: That last scenario I described makes sense to me for another reason--I would think dragons would be hunters, like hawks, cats, sharks, the hunting instinct kicks in when the 'meat' is moving.Well, in the book, Viserys says to a younger Dany "only men and dragons eat cooked meat".  She remembers that in the red waste, and thus feeds them, cuz they're on the edge of starvation. My point was, the scene would have been a lot simpler and less confusing (fans wondering about whether the dragons were starving to death) if they just used what was in the book!What you propose is a good scenario, yet it still fits in the category of "serendipity by Dany". She offers it to Drogon, he doesn't take it, SHE flings it away in frustration, and Drogon, following the motion, breathes fire.I may not be remembering my timeline w/the dragons correctly, but when did they first start huffing flame?  I thought Drogon, as usual, was the precocious one and breathed flame in the House of the Undying, to 
	Spoiler  save Dany from the rotten heart 
.Whelp, the new episode is about to start for me, but feel free to reply.
