nick	date	comment
1	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-07	Continue the discussion. Remember, keep it civil and classy.
2	Xxtayce	2011-06-07	Episode was awesome! Not one moment of useless dialogue or random sex just for the sake of ratings. Pure GRRM, the way it's supposed to be. 
/fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
Arya/Syrio - Very well done. It made my heart break just as much as when I read it.
Rob the (Battle) Lord - Growing into a man. I was very happy to see the change. The fight with the GreatJohn seemed a little off, or maybe it was his reaction to it, but that's a minor complaint.
Rickon - I'm sure most of the folks at home were like, "Who the heck is that?" I would've liked to see much more of him earlier on so he wasn't just a random throw-in. 
Osha/Bran - I can see the relationship growing. Very well-played.
Cersei/Joffrey - Seems like she's taking a more obvious hand in the series than she did in the books. Wasn't it Joff who kicked out Selmy instead of her? Still, he gave me a squee of pride to see him throw off his cloak and sword.
Cersei/Sansa - Evil,evil, evil.... Sansa seemed more aware of what she was doing here than in the books though. Less of a mindless idiot and Cersei more of an evil witch. I like the change. It's like now that her son's in power,we get to see the real Cersei that was hiding behind Robert all these years.
Sansa/Sandor - Just enough of a hint to be perfect. 
Varys/Ned - Oh, poor Ned. So doomed. I'm glad they included this scene, although I was expecting them to drop it out in favor of some random nudity. 
Tyrion - Ah, my Giant of Lannister! Is it just me,or does he seem more afraid here than he did in writing? He seemed, to me, to be constantly mocking everyone around him in the books. (No less cowardly, but certainly more interesting to watch, I'd think.)
Danaerys/Drogo - I LOVE watching her character transformation here! Still a little naieve but still a queen. And Mirri Maaz Dur (sp?) gave just enough creepy foreboding to keep me happy.
Anyway, only two more to go... and so much left to do!
3	Xxtayce	2011-06-07	PS: Yay wolves!!!
I totally forgot this was in this episode! Loved seeing Grey Wind under the table and then to jump out at Rob's command. 
Ghost was a little loud, and wasn't really in the fight as much as I'd hoped, but there's only so much you can do with trained wild animals and actors, I suppose. I approve of the way it was done, though the White Walker didn't seem nearly as white, eyes nearly as blue, or nearly as creepy as it was in the beginning.
4	So1ar	2011-06-07	When all the ravens left winterfell at once, i pictured luwin opening the cage for one raven and then they all flew out with him thinking"...fuck me."
5	arantius	2011-06-07	Absolutely loved this episode, best one yet.  So many awesome scenes with dialogue straight out of the book.Really loved the bit where Bran tells Rickon that Robb's gone to free father and then they'll come home with mother.  And Rickon says "No, they won't".  So much eery foreshadowing in those few words.edit: for accuracy
					
					
							Edited by morningsword, 07 June 2011 - 08:13 AM.
6	valacirca	2011-06-07	And Mirri Maaz Dur (sp?) gave just enough creepy foreboding to keep me happy.I love how it's not obvious in the show what Mirri Maaz Dur has in store for Drogo /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
7	NW Deserter	2011-06-07	Forgot to mention something in my earlier post-review.
I know we don't talk about the music in this series much, but I feel this is worth mentioning - when Robb first gets Sansa's letter and Luwin is explaining what it means, there's really slow piece of music in the back that almost screams "this dude is about to go kick some ass" and it starts to swell as the birds fly out, and then hits a peak as the scene shifts to Catelyn running up the stairs to Lysa. Gave me chills even on my second viewing.
I think what makes it even better is the crafty editing. Most of the first half of the episode is dealing with immediate aftermath of Ned's imprisonment, so we see each of his family members in turn - and we end on the one who loves him most dearly (Cat). One of those little pieces of brilliance, IMO, especially with the music there.
8	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	What kind of a shit scout are you if you actually count the enemy's forces with your fingers in the air? One that gets caught.Also, the guards said he looked to be counting: maybe he was writing numbers down and the guards didnt knew how to read.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 07 June 2011 - 08:12 AM.
9	legba11	2011-06-07	Stannis is a much more significant character than Craster (who will be in two or three episodes) or Quorin Halfhand, who will be the secondary character in the episodes he gets. Stannis would be perfect for a big namer (again I don't expect an A lister, it's not HBO's method).  He is VERY significant, he is the rightful king now, no one else could argue that point (I don't think the Targaryn's pass the throne to women).  He is a heroic, yet tragicly flawed character, the type of role great actors win awards for.  And he is not going to be on screen the most for season 2 (clearly this will be Tyrion), a larger role in season 3 (I'm not sure who will have the most screen time there).  His role will be larger in the series than the books as the POV's are gone.
Not being the main character makes the time demands MUCH less, which helps a busy actor.  The actors who play the leads of the various books are fully committed time wise, they cannot work for those 3? months of filming.  Movies and TV series frequently work around the schedule of bigger name actors.
10	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-07	I just want to point how much I think the actor who plays Alliser Thorne is nailing his part. It's like what everyone says about Joffery, how he has a douchey face and you just hate even seeing him. Every time Thorne comes on screen he has that look on his face, such as when he called Jon a traitor's bastard and then did that ever so simple little smirk. The Thorne Smirk of Superciliousness. I just want to punch him in the fucking face. Alll Thorne has to do is look and I want to claw his fucking eyes out. Arrrggghhhhhh.It's brilliant.
					
					
							Edited by JetboyGirl, 07 June 2011 - 08:38 AM.
11	malek	2011-06-07	Loved this episode  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> 
Some well known lines from the book were used, and it is certainly a huge plus for it.
But looking back now:
Bronn commenting how he could get the Vale if he had dozen good man to command and some climbing spikes, and Tyrion promising mountain clans The Vale of Arryn. Considering they kept it in the series, perhaps Bronn wont stop at Stockworth...
12	jsl101669	2011-06-07	Probably been touched on in this thread (or rather, the previous one)...but no time to read it all through. What about Lyanna & Ned's dreams of her? I understand the time constraints, but there are some scenes that could have been cut to add that in. She is a pretty important Stark figure even though she is never around, and pretty key to Ned's character.
All in all a solid episode but I think this was an episode where the squeezed in a bit too much in order to ramp up to the final two hours.
I really hope next season gets 12 episodes.
I also wonder (and hope) if there will be extended editions of each episode on the Blu-Ray/DVD?
13	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	I just want to point how much I think the actor who plays Alliser Thorne is nailing his part. It's like what everyone says about Joffery, how he has a douchey face and you just hate even seeing him. Every time Thorne comes on screen he has that look on his face, such as when he called Jon a traitor's bastard and then did that ever so simple little smirk. The Thorne Smirk of Superciliousness. I just want to punch him in the fucking face. Alll Thorne has to do is look and I want to claw his fucking eyes out. Arrrggghhhhhh.It's brilliant.Lol yeah, definitaly win here.
14	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-07	One that gets caught.Also, the guards said he looked to be counting: maybe he was writing numbers down and the guards didnt knew how to read.Hmm, I guess. The Lannisters seem to be cursed with having really bad scouts in general. Maybe the guards figured it out when they saw him counting with the help of the eyes from previous scouts. You know like an abacus. "One tent, that's one eyeball, two tents, that's two eyeballs... Shit, I'm running out of eyeballs at this rate! Have to use me fingers now..."
					
					
							Edited by The Warmth of Winter, 07 June 2011 - 08:57 AM.
15	legba11	2011-06-07	I just want to point how much I think the actor who plays Alliser Thorne is nailing his part. It's like what everyone says about Joffery, how he has a douchey face and you just hate even seeing him. Every time Thorne comes on screen he has that look on his face, such as when he called Jon a traitor's bastard and then did that ever so simple little smirk. The Thorne Smirk of Superciliousness. I just want to punch him in the fucking face. Alll Thorne has to do is look and I want to claw his fucking eyes out. Arrrggghhhhhh.It's brilliant.We call him the Irish Gene Hackman, all he needs is a little chuckle when other characters are speaking.
16	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	Hmm, I guess. The Lannisters seem to be cursed with having really bad scouts in general. Maybe the guards figured it out when they saw him counting with the help of the eyes from previous scouts. You know like an abacus. "One tent, that's one eyeball, two tents, that's two eyeballs... Shit, I'm running out of eyeballs at this rate! Have to use me fingers now..."As I said in the previous thread, it's actually quite unlikely that a scout could count the spears of an army without using his fingers. There's a reason the word 'digit' has double meanings and it's because the decimal system is based on our number of fingers. It's just logical that most people in Westeros are on the level of children by our standards, if they can count beyond a few coppers for purchases at all that is. I think some people are severely underestimating what it takes to have a literate and educated population, even on a low level.
17	Xenophon	2011-06-07	As I said in the previous thread, it's actually quite unlikely that a scout could count the spears of an army without using his fingers. There's a reason the word 'digit' has double meanings and it's because the decimal system is based on our number of fingers. It's just logical that most people in Westeros are on the level of children by our standards, if they can count beyond a few coppers for purchases at all that is. I think some people are severely underestimating what it takes to have a literate and educated population, even on a low level.Also, he may have been trying to keep track of multiple things (number of foot, horse, lords, siege engines, baggage carts, etc.).  That could get tricky fast.  And we don't know it was using his fingers that gave him away, right?  He could have been making marks in a stick to pass on to a courier, or they could have just assumed he was counting because why else would he be hanging around the camp.Re. the question of how they'll market the show next year, I don't think a big name "star" is nearly as important for the 2nd season as it was for the 1st.  By now, people have a good idea of what the show is all about.  If you like quasi-medieval political dramas, you're probably going to watch anyway.  If you don't you aren't.  The existing cast are recognizable enough now to use in ads reminding HBO's target demographic that the show is coming back.  And, short of doing something crazy like casting Jay Z as Stannis and Beyonce as Mel, they're probably not going to expand the audience much beyond that target demographic regardless of who they cast.
18	Asarlai	2011-06-07	One that gets caught.Also, the guards said he looked to be counting: maybe he was writing numbers down and the guards didnt knew how to read.He could have counted/approximated 100, then put his hand in front of his face to divide that hundred from the rest and use that group to estimate 1000, to estimate the total, while keeping track on the fingers of his other hand.
19	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	Also, he may have been trying to keep track of multiple things (number of foot, horse, lords, siege engines, baggage carts, etc.).  That could get tricky fast.  And we don't know it was using his fingers that gave him away, right?  He could have been making marks in a stick to pass on to a courier, or they could have just assumed he was counting because why else would he be hanging around the camp.No we don't know that, it was just something that was brought up in the discussion and I wanted to oppose the notion that it would somehow be odd to count on your fingers as an uneducated man in a medieval society, when it in fact should be extremely common. He could of course have done a number of different things to look like he was counting, just as you say.
20	Xenophon	2011-06-07	He could have counted/approximated 100, then put his hand in front of his face to divide that hundred from the rest and use that group to estimate 1000, to estimate the total, while keeping track on the fingers of his other hand.Also very possible.  I've seen people do something similar when estimating crowd sizes at events.
21	legba11	2011-06-07	Re. the question of how they'll market the show next year, I don't think a big name "star" is nearly as important for the 2nd season as it was for the 1st.  By now, people have a good idea of what the show is all about.  If you like quasi-medieval political dramas, you're probably going to watch anyway.  If you don't you aren't.  The existing cast are recognizable enough now to use in ads reminding HBO's target demographic that the show is coming back.  And, short of doing something crazy like casting Jay Z as Stannis and Beyonce as Mel, they're probably not going to expand the audience much beyond that target demographic regardless of who they cast.I agree, I think it's more likely they hire quality but not well known actors.  That is HBO's typical method.  Sean Bean was probably the biggext name for their "flagship series".  I think he noses out Steve Buscemi, and well above Anna Paquin.  Gandolfini was barely known, Olyphant even less so (the killer from Scream 2).  Rome and Carnival had no star power to speak of.  Have I forgotten any of their "big" dramas?This is not a slight on the acting ability of these actors, most of them were brilliant choices and the reason these shows are so excellent.
22	Brewmaster	2011-06-07	One that gets caught.Also, the guards said he looked to be counting: maybe he was writing numbers down and the guards didnt knew how to read.He was a scout...He was probably just standing/sitting/hiding within sight of the camp. One of the main purposes of sending a scout out would be to count. He wouldn't need to be "doing" anything to appear to be counting.
23	howland_reed	2011-06-07	With the build up this show has towards the Dothraki invading, the dragons hatching, and The Others waking up.... the next three seasons right lose non-readers fast. TV crowd are fickle mistresses.I think the Wall scenes with Jon in future books will be fine.  I actually thought his story-line was a total bore in GoT and tough to get to, but once they start ranging North, his chapters were my favorite reads.The problem will be adapting Dany's chapters over the next few seasons.  Not only will it be difficult to show certain scenes (prophetic dreams), but after all the build-up of an invasion in GoT, her story kind of languishes to the rest of Westeros.
24	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-07	As I said in the previous thread, it's actually quite unlikely that a scout could count the spears of an army without using his fingers. There's a reason the word 'digit' has double meanings and it's because the decimal system is based on our number of fingers. It's just logical that most people in Westeros are on the level of children by our standards, if they can count beyond a few coppers for purchases at all that is. I think some people are severely underestimating what it takes to have a literate and educated population, even on a low level.Perhaps he signaling, like they do in the trading pits, to a scout farther off with a spyglass.  Perhaps that way he gets the count with out risking losing the information
25	Jaime L	2011-06-07	Best scene from EP108 for me was the final scene in the throne room that captured the off-kilter kingdom gone corrupt feel you get from the books. Poor Sansa. Haven't thought much of the actor who plays Joffrey to this point but he really nicely captured his unique brand of malicious ennui. Cersei, Pycelle and Varys all nicely came into focus as well. Hell, so did Robb, Drogo and in a different vein...Hodor (Sunlight, motherfucker! Do you get it?!) It's been mentioned before but with RR at the helm the whole thing felt more self assured and the storytelling when you're jumping from character to character has never been more coherent. Everything that needed to be conveyed was conveyed and it didn't take a 5 minute long monologue with ass-to-ass going on in the background.Also thought Catelyn was just perfection in this episode in the subtle play of emotions that crossed her face seeing her eldest Robb leading an army to war. Think Michelle Fairley has captured the essence of Catelyn beautifully throughout but this episode especially gave us that first window into both her misgivings, regret and setting the seeds of her future despair. Think over the progression of her plot arc we'll once again be reminded of the dichotomy between those fans heartbroken over what befalls Catelyn and those without souls. Other things I noted:-I laughed out loud probably 4-5 times in this episode, sometimes because the show intended I should and sometimes not. Arya stabbing the stable boy felt a little Afterschool Specialish (Lesson to the kids: this is what happens when you stab 'em with the pointy end) and Grey Wind running over to bite off the Greatjon's fingers had me on the floor. All it was missing was the Monty Python gusher of blood spurting straight up. And, of course, the line: "Your meat...is bloody tough!" I mean, I'm not sure what I would expect the show to do differently - after all that is exactly what happened. Just the execution cracked me up for some reason.-Drogo is legitimately more bad-ass than I was expecting when I saw the first stills of Jason Momoa (who looked like an emo WWE wrestler to me at first.) Loved the way he pulled out his two daggers only to drop 'em on the ground as he continued to shout out all the things he was gonna do to the guy. Momoa's been perfect - a shame he won't be with us much longer.-Rickon's appearance was jarring because he's been gone so long. Thought they were just gonna merge the two characters into Brickon. -I've noticed beyond aging up the Stark children it also seems to apply to the Greatjons and Hodors of the world. I'm vaguely terrified of the cryptkeeper that will await inside the Twins. Hope they use a muppet, but that's just me.-Loved that we (and Tywin) got introduced to Shagga, Timmett and Chella. That was a treat. Was like a "who's who" of the Mountain Clans.
26	Northern	2011-06-07	Varys/Ned - Oh, poor Ned. So doomed. I'm glad they included this scene, although I was expecting them to drop it out in favor of some random nudity. They could of had Ned naked in the dungeon- I know I would have appreciated that type of random nudity  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
27	kungtotte	2011-06-07	I really liked the casting of the Greatjon, and how the character was played. He feels a bit like Hamish and Campbell from Braveheart (and of course, James Cosmo/Campbell plays the Old Bear!), which is pretty much exactly the mental image I had of the Greatjon when I was reading the books."Well, we didn't get all dressed up for nothing."
28	Andhaira	2011-06-07	Great episode. Not the best, but close. Syrio's fight wasn't choreographed all that well. I can't suspend disbelief enough to belive that he knocked out those armoered, helmed men with a swift knock to the head. 
Otherwise, everything else rocked. We got some new lore from the hands of GRRM himself. Apparently, the Others sleep under the ice for thousands of years before reawakening. 
I sure hope they show Selmy killing Lannister guardsmen next episode instead of us just hearing about it like in the books. Drogo was awesome. I will definately watch the new Conan movie now.
Oh and Ghost should be mute. Too late for that now I guess.
29	shadow of death	2011-06-07	Hopefully we get to see Selmy carve some cake next week!
30	Cereal Forel	2011-06-07	Best scene from EP108 for me was the final scene in the throne room that captured the off-kilter kingdom gone corrupt feel you get from the books. Poor Sansa. Haven't thought much of the actor who plays Joffrey to this point but he really nicely captured his unique brand of malicious ennui. Cersei, Pycelle and Varys all nicely came into focus as well. Hell, so did Robb, Drogo and in a different vein...Hodor (Sunlight, motherfucker! Do you get it?!) It's been mentioned before but with RR at the helm the whole thing felt more self assured and the storytelling when you're jumping from character to character has never been more coherent. Everything that needed to be conveyed was conveyed and it didn't take a 5 minute long monologue with ass-to-ass going on in the background.Also thought Catelyn was just perfection in this episode in the subtle play of emotions that crossed her face seeing her eldest Robb leading an army to war. Think Michelle Fairley has captured the essence of Catelyn beautifully throughout but this episode especially gave us that first window into both her misgivings, regret and setting the seeds of her future despair. Think over the progression of her plot arc we'll once again be reminded of the dichotomy between those fans heartbroken over what befalls Catelyn and those without souls. Other things I noted:-I laughed out loud probably 4-5 times in this episode, sometimes because the show intended I should and sometimes not. Arya stabbing the stable boy felt a little Afterschool Specialish (Lesson to the kids: this is what happens when you stab 'em with the pointy end) and Grey Wind running over to bite off the Greatjon's fingers had me on the floor. All it was missing was the Monty Python gusher of blood spurting straight up. And, of course, the line: "Your meat...is bloody tough!" I mean, I'm not sure what I would expect the show to do differently - after all that is exactly what happened. Just the execution cracked me up for some reason.-Drogo is legitimately more bad-ass than I was expecting when I saw the first stills of Jason Momoa (who looked like an emo WWE wrestler to me at first.) Loved the way he pulled out his two daggers only to drop 'em on the ground as he continued to shout out all the things he was gonna do to the guy. Momoa's been perfect - a shame he won't be with us much longer.-Rickon's appearance was jarring because he's been gone so long. Thought they were just gonna merge the two characters into Brickon. -I've noticed beyond aging up the Stark children it also seems to apply to the Greatjons and Hodors of the world. I'm vaguely terrified of the cryptkeeper that will await inside the Twins. Hope they use a muppet, but that's just me.-Loved that we (and Tywin) got introduced to Shagga, Timmett and Chella. That was a treat. Was like a "who's who" of the Mountain Clans.I'm too lazy to type it out, so I agree with all of this post. Awesome episode. Also Barristan the bold and Khal Drogo have just entered my favorite characters list.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 07 June 2011 - 11:18 AM.
31	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-07	-Loved that we (and Tywin) got introduced to Shagga, Timmett and Chella. That was a treat. Was like a "who's who" of the Mountain Clans.Oh! Oh! Oh! This was one of my favorite bits because all of Chella's ears, there was a big mound of them hanging down over her chest. Geeeerrrr-owe-sssssss.
32	Volderon	2011-06-07	I just thought it was SO STUPID for Robb to let that scout live, why in the world would he do that? Just so he could have some half assed boast at Tywin, "I'm gonna kill you mofo!" SO STUPID.
And I cringe whenever I see LF in a scene, he doesn't do it for me at all.
					
					
							Edited by Volderon, 07 June 2011 - 11:27 AM.
33	ser_nerdick	2011-06-07	-Rickon's appearance was jarring because he's been gone so long. Thought they were just gonna merge the two characters into Brickon. I lol'ed.Agree with most of what has been said, great episode. The pacing was much more consistent than in previous episodes. I was skeptical about the Bob Ross Syrio actor at first, but he was great in the swordfight scene. Also really enjoying Varys' scenes.  Still extremely disappointed with the casting for Cersei, but I suppose eventually I'll get over it. Maybe.edit: oh, and loved the intro of Bronn to Tywin... Bronn son of... "You wouldn't know him."
					
					
							Edited by ser_nerdick, 07 June 2011 - 11:32 AM.
34	Maltaran	2011-06-07	My first thought on seeing the Greatjon was "He used to be in Casualty". Then Grey Wind bit his fingers off, and I thought "he was a doctor, he'll know how to take care of that".
Another thought on that line - I recognised the actor despite the huge beard, which is the sort of thing which will make it difficult for them to disguise Barristan further down the line.
Ghost seemed to turn into Lassie for a minute there.
Naked Hodor seemed to be the comic relief moment for this episode.
35	kungtotte	2011-06-07	I just thought it was SO STUPID for Robb to let that scout live, why in the world would he do that? Just so he could have some half assed boast at Tywin, "I'm gonna kill you mofo!" SO STUPID.The scout is going to run to Lord Tywin all like "OMG Robb Stark has 18,000 men, and he's marching straight for you!", and Tywin is going to be like "LOL WHAT A NOOB. I'mma put all my guys right here and meet them head on", then what happens is that Roose Bolton shows up with only Robb's foot and locks Tywin up in battle while Robb leads his horse to defeat Jaime's host.By letting the scout live, he is feeding Tywin false information. Deception is a crucial part of war.
					
					
							Edited by kungtotte, 07 June 2011 - 11:43 AM.
36	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-07	...and in a different vein...Hodor (Sunlight, motherfucker! Do you get it?!) He's Norn Irish, so... no. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
37	oneeye	2011-06-07	oh how could I forgot the leech, they haven't introduced Roose properly yet have they?
One thing I noticed, a friend of mine is watching the show who has not read the books, and he is so confused by the Targaryen, Ned, Robert background, even though he is very keen on the show and likes it. I wonder if they needed to do more there in the tv show.
38	Xenophon	2011-06-07	Another thought on that line - I recognised the actor despite the huge beard, which is the sort of thing which will make it difficult for them to disguise Barristan further down the line.Yeah, I'm betting they aren't going to bother trying to hide it from the audience.  Dany won't know who he is, but we will.  It will be a nice teaser/cliffhanger for the end of season 2: why is Barristan there, when/how will Dany find out who he really is, and what will she do about it?One thing I noticed, a friend of mine is watching the show who has not read the books, and he is so confused by the Targaryen, Ned, Robert background, even though he is very keen on the show and likes it. I wonder if they needed to do more there in the tv show.Maybe you should direct him to the HBO viewers' guide.  I had a friend in a similar situation, and he seemed to find it helpful.
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 07 June 2011 - 12:03 PM.
39	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	-I've noticed beyond aging up the Stark children it also seems to apply to the Greatjons and Hodors of the world. I'm vaguely terrified of the cryptkeeper that will await inside the Twins. Hope they use a muppet, but that's just me.LOL!  That would be sweet.  Although I can't decide if I want it to be Statler or Waldorf.  It would be sweet if they gave Frey a twin, and they could both be up there, heckling the Starks and his many children.
40	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	The scout is going to run to Lord Tywin all like "OMG Robb Stark has 18,000 men, and he's marching straight for you!", and Tywin is going to be like "LOL WHAT A NOOB. I'mma put all my guys right here and meet them head on", then what happens is that Roose Bolton shows up with only Robb's foot and locks Tywin up in battle while Robb leads his horse to defeat Jaime's host.By letting the scout live, he is feeding Tywin false information. Deception is a crucial part of war.Exactly. This was the show being clear on why Tywin notices that Robb splits his host too late to do anything about it. We haven't seen the clever part yet though so we're being led to believe that Robb is just more merciful than smart, just like the Greatjon thought and just as Tywin will think.
41	Xxtayce	2011-06-07	Have we seen Roose Bolton yet? Robb mentions that the dude scares the hell out of him.
42	Wunhopkuendo	2011-06-07	He was a scout...He was probably just standing/sitting/hiding within sight of the camp. One of the main purposes of sending a scout out would be to count. He wouldn't need to be "doing" anything to appear to be counting.Right? I mean what the fuck do people think a scout is doing if not counting? Jesus already. He doesn't have to be the Count on sesame street in order to be obviously counting troops, weapons, tents, formations, etc. This is a scouts primary job. Some people's children I tell ya.And enough already about the wooden sword and armor. Have any of you ever gone hiking in the woods with a heavy pack and tripped? I know no one will ever admit to losing those cool points on something that happened out of plain site, but answering in your head isn't it pretty hard to get back up right away. Now double or triple the weight and have it all over your body. Syrio doesn't need to knock people out with a rap on the head. He just needs to get them off their feet to incapacitate them. He will eventually lose the fight unless he takes the opportunity to run, but his goal is to provide Arya with a head start, not to stand toe to toe with half a dozen armor plated soldiers. He accomplishes this feat, does he not?
43	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	I definitely need to watch this episode again, because I find myself focusing on the nitpicks despite all the awesome things that happened.  Robb turned into a bad ass.  Drogo became a super awesome bad ass.  More direwolves.  Selmy giving the realm the middle finger after they gave him the middle finger.  Ned and Varys.  Sansa being manipulated.  All of those scenes were well done.
Now, of course, the nitpicks:
-Tyrion marches into camp with 300 armed ruffians, and thereÂ<U+0092>s no escort?  No outrider or scout who found them to bring them into camp?  Yes, I suppose itÂ<U+0092>s possible that it happened off screen, but thatÂ<U+0092>s dubious because of what Tyrion says (Â<U+0093>Now itÂ<U+0092>s time to see what my father saysÂ<U+0094> or something along those lines, indicating Tywin hasnÂ<U+0092>t been notified yet) and because there are no armed Lannister men riding with them.  I donÂ<U+0092>t remember how this happens in the book, but it just seemed a bit off to me.
-JonÂ<U+0092>s fight with the wight was just okay.  When he stabs the thing and it goes down, only to open its eyes, it reminded me of campy zombie horror flicks.  
-Someone else mentioned this, but the scene where weÂ<U+0092>re introduced to the Greatjohn just didnÂ<U+0092>t work very well on screen.  I think they did this the best they could, but itÂ<U+0092>s just an awkward scene to pull off without subtext.  Big dude we donÂ<U+0092>t know is arguing with Robb, both get angry, wolf bites off dudeÂ<U+0092>s fingers, everyone laughs.  It somehow made sense in the books, but it was tough to convey on TV. 
-Syrio's defense of Arya.  I'm fine with him knocking knights down with his wooden sword.  Obviously he's skilled with it, and it's strong enough (maybe reinforced with a metal rod?) to fend off attacks by blades.  But the fact that all four or five of those guys stayed down for that long...it was just tough to swallow.  This is the scene I'm most interested in re-watching, to see if I buy into it more the second time around.
I know, I know, the nitpicks aren't important.  But they stood out to me in this episode for some reason.  The encouraging thing is that every occasion, I have enjoyed an episode better the second time I watched it.  So IÂ<U+0092>m looking forward to that later this week.
					
					
							Edited by The Knight of Grasses, 07 June 2011 - 12:26 PM.
44	schrecklich	2011-06-07	As others have stated, it really was clear that GRRM wrote this episode, or, at least, this episode deviated the least from the plot in the books.  I wonder though if faithfulness to the books was why this episode to me seemed to have some many moments where the audience was asked to overlook things.  For instance, when Tyrion goes into Tywin's camp with the clansmen, were there no scouts/guards posted outside the camp?  Or do we just assume that they skipped over any challenge he received for bringing in a huge host of armed fighters?  Or with Robb winning over the Northern lords -- they show Umber and Grey Wind,  but it's still a stretch to me that just from that one scene that all of the Northern lords would fall in line to go to war with a green boy.  There were other smaller moments too (I wasn't really convinced by Tyrion's winning over of Shagga).  I think these are just the kinds of leaps that are required to squeeze the series into such a small amount of screen time.  If the jumps get too big though, the show will become difficult to watch.
Edit: oh, regarding the scout counting, I just assumed what was meant was that the scout was probably sitting/standing still for a while staring at the army.  Maybe he made some pointing gestures with his hand as he did so.  Perhaps his lips were moving slightly as he mouthed the numbers.  I doubt he was ticking off the troop numbers on his fingers.
					
					
							Edited by schrecklich, 07 June 2011 - 12:27 PM.
45	Bronn Stone	2011-06-07	Robb's ploy with the scout is made that much more effective by his not having shared his plans with the Greatjon or his mother or his other lords.  They are as fooled by him as the scout is.  That way the scout will report to the Lannisters that not only was the soft child merciful but that he disregarded the advice of older and wiser men.  Extremely well done.
Books-Robb would not have come up with this trick this early on, but TV-Robb is older (and doesn't have the Blackfish yet).
46	valacirca	2011-06-07	-Tyrion marches into camp with 300 armed ruffians, and thereâ<U+0080><U+0099>s no escort?  No outrider or scout who found them to bring them into camp?  Yes, I suppose itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s possible that it happened off screen, but thatâ<U+0080><U+0099>s dubious because of what Tyrion says (â<U+0080><U+009C>Now itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s time to see what my father saysâ<U+0080><U+009D> or something along those lines, indicating Tywin hasnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t been notified yet) and because there are no armed Lannister men riding with them.  I donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t remember how this happens in the book, but it just seemed a bit off to me.-Jonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fight with the wight was just okay.  When he stabs the thing and it goes down, only to open its eyes, it reminded me of campy zombie horror flicks.  -Someone else mentioned this, but the scene where weâ<U+0080><U+0099>re introduced to the Greatjohn just didnâ<U+0080><U+0099>t work very well on screen.  I think they did this the best they could, but itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s just an awkward scene to pull off without subtext.  Big dude we donâ<U+0080><U+0099>t know is arguing with Robb, both get angry, wolf bites off dudeâ<U+0080><U+0099>s fingers, everyone laughs.  It somehow made sense in the books, but it was tough to convey on TV. -Syrio's defense of Arya.  I'm fine with him knocking knights down with his wooden sword.  Obviously he's skilled with it, and it's strong enough (maybe reinforced with a metal rod?) to fend off attacks by blades.  But the fact that all four or five of those guys stayed down for that long...it was just tough to swallow.  This is the scene I'm most interested in re-watching, to see if I buy into it more the second time around.I know, I know, the nitpicks aren't important.  But they stood out to me in this episode for some reason.  The encouraging thing is that every occasion, I have enjoyed an episode better the second time I watched it.  So Iâ<U+0080><U+0099>m looking forward to that later this week.I totally agree with all of these criticisms and they aren't even nitpicks to me. They're clear shortcomings of the episode. That's why I'm having a hard time swallowing all the 10's the episode has been getting on the ratings thread.The Tyrion scene was especially befuddling. How the heck could that party get that close to the Lannister camp without either any resistance or escort?? Crazy. 
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 07 June 2011 - 12:54 PM.
47	valacirca	2011-06-07	*double post; my bad*
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 07 June 2011 - 12:46 PM.
48	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	Regarding the scout, IÂ<U+0092>m not sure what the big deal is.  Of course, I have no room to talk, given all the nitpicks I listed above, but I donÂ<U+0092>t know what people expect.  
[Guards enter the tent, dragging an unknown man between them]
Guard 1: My lord!  We found this Lannister scout, counting our troops!
Robb: How do you know heÂ<U+0092>s a Lannister scout?  And how do you know he was counting?
Guard 2: Look, my lord!  He has Lannister stationery!  And he has 19,864 tick marks on this paper!
Guard 1: DonÂ<U+0092>t forget his badge that says Â<U+0093>Hi! IÂ<U+0092>m a Lannister scout.Â<U+0094>
Guard 2: Oh, and check out what we found in his pockets.  Casterly Rock driverÂ<U+0092>s license, a book called Â<U+0093>Counting Northmen for Dummies,Â<U+0094> a calculatorÂ<U+0085> 
Robb: HmmmmÂ<U+0085>yes, that seems pretty conclusive.
I didnÂ<U+0092>t think anything seemed strange with that scene in the show.  I try to think about these things in terms of a non-reader.  Which scene is more confusing?  The one where they apprehend a scout they found counting troops?  Or the scene where a dude gets his fingers bitten off and then everyone starts laughing?  For a non-reader, IÂ<U+0092>d be WAY more confused by the latter, but those of us whoÂ<U+0092>ve read the books know how Umber works, so it makes sense.
49	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-07	This was also the low-point for me as the guards were all in heavy armor  - whats the point of your helmet it a wooden swords can send you flying  while wearing it?A helmet can protect you against fatal cuts or blows, but you'll still feel the kinetic impact. Imagine that you're wearing a helmet and that someone is hitting you on the head with a solid wooden stick or bat (I believe Syrio had some kind of lead core in his training sword). The hit won't kill you, but you'll still feel the force of the blow, and it'll probably disorient you for a while (due to concussion), or even cause unconsciousness.Besides, Syrio attacked the unprotected areas of those guards: The neck, lower arms and legs (the guards didnt wear neck protection). Hitting those smaller areas with such speed and precision requires a lot of skill. Not to mention the coordination of Syrio's attacks against multiple foes. But that's one of the ideas behind this fight (as written in the book and shown onscreen): Technique and skill wins over brute force.Here's a summary of the fight:Guard A swings his blade against Syrio but misses, and Syrio whacks his head with a right swing.  The guard loses balance and falls to the ground.Guard B thrusts his blade but Syrio sidesteps the attack and grabs the guard's cape. The guard is struggling to keep balance as he's being pulled backwards.Guard C hacks with his sword, but Syrio strikes the blade sideways and lets his own blade hit the backside of the guard's lower leg on his downward thrust. The guard loses his balance and falls.Guard D prepares to take a swing at Syrio (who's still holding the cape of guard) , but Syrio is faster and hits the guard on the unprotected area of his lower arm. The guard almost freezes (due to shock or pain), but manages to hold on to his sword.Guard B (still being held by Syrio) swings around with his sword, but Syrio ducks and the guard hits guard D in the head instead. Guard D goes down.Syrio turns around and hits guard B on the throat with his sword (this can be lethal, and would definitely keep this guard 'pacified' for the rest of the fight). Guard B goes down.Guard C is on his feet again and prepares to attack Syrio. But Syrio is faster, he turns around to face him and strikes his head with full force. Guard C goes down.Guard A is also back in the fight, but Syrio parries his blow and hits the guard's lower leg. The guard loses his balance and Syrio tackles him, before hitting his head. Guard A stays down.Syrio turns around to face the kingsguard commander. The commander thrusts his sword but Syrio deflects it. They slash and parry until the commander grabs Syrio's sword and splits it with his sword.Notes:Most of the guards were only temporarily taken out (concussion, minor injuries, etc.), so Syrio wouldn't have much time before the other men rejoined the fight.Syrio does not try to grab another sword immediately after his own sword is broken. Instead, he blocks the commander so that he can't reach Arya. Protecting Arya and letting her escape has much higher priority.We don't get to see what happens after Arya leaves the scene, but Syrio would probably try to buy Arya some additional time. So his first priority would be to get another sword, fight defensively and keep the entrance blocked.Sooner or later he would have to flee, because fighting the commander in addition to the other guards would (most likely) be too challenging, even for a master swordsman like Syrio. It would serve little purpose anyway, since his primary objective is delay the commander and his guards, not to kill them.Syrio should have no problems running away from the guards (he's not wearing bulky armor), as long as he doesn't get surrounded.EDIT: Removed a lot of empty space
					
					
							Edited by Arya The Assassin, 07 June 2011 - 12:52 PM.
50	valacirca	2011-06-07	re: Syrio vs guards, the book is so great and convincing in describing how Syrio won that fight, while the show was just so f!@#ing clumsy in showing it, not to mention it seemed really implausible:From the book:Syrio did not wait for them to reach him, but spun to his left. Arya had never seen a man move as fast. He checked one sword with his stick and whirled away from a second. Off balance, the second man lurched into the first. Syrio put a boot to his back and the red cloaks went down together. The third guard came leaping over them, slashing at the water dancerâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head. Syrio ducked under his blade and thrust upward. The guardsman fell screaming as blood welled from the wet red hole where his left eye had been. The fallen men were getting up. Syrio kicked one in the face and snatched the steel cap off the otherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s head. The dagger man stabbed at him. Syrio caught the thrust in the helmet and shattered the manâ<U+0080><U+0099>s kneecap with his stick. The last red cloak shouted a curse and charged, hacking down with both hands on his sword. Syrio rolled right, and the butcherâ<U+0080><U+0099>s cut caught the helmetless man between neck and shoulder as he struggled to his knees. The longsword crunched through mail and leather and flesh. The man on his knees shrieked. Before his killer could wrench free his blade, Syrio jabbed him in the apple of his throat. The guardsman gave a choked cry and staggered back, clutching at his neck, his face blackening.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 07 June 2011 - 12:53 PM.
51	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	re: Syrio vs guards, the book is so great and convincing in describing how Syrio won that fight, while the show was just so f!@#ing clumsy in showing it, not to mention it seemed really implausible:From the book:Already in the first exchange in the book the soldiers come off as way more clumsy than they should because you should not get out of balance when you strike without the opponent doing anything to you. Being balanced while you attack is one of the most basic things you learn (granted I've competed in unarmed martial arts and not sword fighting but the principle remains). Therefor I disagree with you, especially since the book has complete freedom while the show needs the actors to actually perform.
52	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	re: Syrio vs guards, the book is so great and convincing in describing how Syrio won that fight, while the show was just so f!@#ing clumsy in showing it, not to mention it seemed really implausible:From the book:Yeah, this is pretty much how I feel.  I don't know - this could be another of those scenes (like the Greatjohn getting his fingers bitten off) where it's relatively easy to make it believable in written form, but very tough visually.  So even though they did the best they could, there's just no way to make a visually believable scene where a little guy with a stick takes out four fully armored guards.  I definitely need to watch again.
53	Xenophon	2011-06-07	The Tyrion scene was especially befuddling. How the heck could that party get that close to the Lannister camp without either any resistance or escort?? Crazy. [/font]I agree, a Lannister soldier saying "there is your Father's camp, Lord Tyrion" at the beginning of the scene might have made things clearer.  But it didn't distract me at the time, and it's perfectly possible that Tyrion ran into the Lannister outriders and sent them on ahead to announce his arrival.  Tywin and Kevan certainly seem to be expecting him when he enters the tent.
54	GoTreviews	2011-06-07	It didn't bother me... Despite his "escort" of tribesmen, he is still Tyrion, and he is wearing Lannister colors. Every solider must know about the Lannister dwarf, and in case they don't know his face, was I one of the Lannister men, I wouldn't take the chance to piss the Lord off because there might be ANOTHER DWARF pretending to be Tyrion and having somehow managed to steal his clothes.
55	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-07	re: Syrio vs guards, the book is so great and convincing in describing how Syrio won that fight, while the show was just so f!@#ing clumsy in showing it, not to mention it seemed really implausible:I'm not quite sure what you find to be so implausible (*), and I actually think they did a good job. Many elements from the fight in the book were also included in the TV show: Throat whacking, guards hitting one another, Syrio attacking the guards' unprotected spots, keeping the guards off-balance, etc.
56	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-07	Already in the first exchange in the book the soldiers come off as way more clumsy than they should because you should not get out of balance when you strike without the opponent doing anything to youYes, that's how I felt too. As I mentioned in the other thread, I had the impression that they underestimated Syrio, and it seemed to me that the guards were nowhere near Syrio's skill level. It just emphasized how Syrio's superior technique could more than compensate for the brute force of the guards.Being balanced while you attack is one of the most basic things you learn (granted I've competed in unarmed martial arts and not sword fighting but the principle remains). ...I've also trained in martial arts (but not competed professionally), and I think it's interesting that the martial artists I've talked to or communicated with find the scene to be more plausible than some of the critics here.Ultimately, I think it boils down to this: Does the scene look cool? Does it entertain? If yes, then I think it should be less important whether you think it looks (extremely) realistic or not.
57	Rockroi	2011-06-07	Well, you'll have to take that up with GRRM two times over. It's straight out of the book:â<U+0080><U+009C>Have no fear on that count, Lady Stark,â<U+0080><U+009D> the Greatjon told her in his bass rumble. â<U+0080><U+009C>Winterfell is safe. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll shove our swords up Tywin Lannisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bunghole soon enough, begging your pardons, and then itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on to the Red Keep to free Ned.â<U+0080><U+009D>This was then repeated by like 6 various boarders. Obviously, I am wrong about my criticism that the actor suffered from sloppy acting of that the show suffers from sloppy writing.  But my criticism stands.  Let me explain.  In the books, I never noticed that Greatjon calls Lord Stark Ned, and for appreciable reasons- its a very small detail, its very minor and it has no relevance.  However, to a greater extent, in th books, the formality of Lord Stark at Winterfell is kept to a remarkable minimum.  In fact, with the exception of the Feast scene we never really see Ned interact with anyone IN Winterfell other than his family: Cat, Bran etc.  In the books, Ned's roll as Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North is not nearly as pronounced as it is in the show.  Now, this is not absolute: in the ONLY scene where we ever see Ned speak to a subordinate IN winterfell is the scene where Cat gets the message from Lysa and Maester Luwin and Cat is in the nude- she specifically refuses to put any clothes on stating that Luwin helped her give birth to their children.  In other words, Luwin is exempt from the formalities of Winterfell, if there actually were ever any.  This is different than in the show (putting aside that one scene: in the show Cat is fully clothed and its actually a relatively formal scene), you see a lot of small details that are critically important to understanding Ned's roll: nobody addresses Ned Stark by his name in Winterfell- its always "Lord Stark"; this happens several times.  Guards and men at arms do not look Ned in the eye when he approaches: the avert their gaze and bow their heads.  This happens several times in Winterfell and during the beheading scene.  In fact, the entire SHOW is steeped in "Lord Ned Stark", at least to the extent that his underlings and subordinates can see.  Bean's Ned is, I will readily admit, far softer TO HIS FAMILY than book-Ned (he actually laughs, he smiles a few times; he is practically exuberant around Bran and Arya).  However, overall, Book Ned rarely took on the airs of "Lord Stark," at least not while in Winterfell.  Hence, my conundrum, and why I felt that line was so odd. In the book, as I stated above, the line is banal and perfectly suited for the story.  But in the show, to me anyway, I thought the line out of character with the show-Ned.  Show-Ned is far more formal, far more stuffy (in Winterfell especially), far less apt to allow for informality.  Thus, when Greatjon says the line it echoed in my ears all wrong.  That same line worked fine in the books- not so well in the show.Thus concludes "Rockroi Gets Defensive About a Mistake He Made Nitpicking the Show And Hopefully This Will Be a Lesson To Him to Stop Nitpicking You Ungrateful SOB Who Should Just Be Happy That the Only Sci-Fi Fantasy Book He Ever Liked Was Made Into A Movie And Get Off People's Backs.  Asshole."  
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 07 June 2011 - 01:46 PM.
58	Abaddon	2011-06-07	He doesn't have to be the Count on sesame street in order to be obviously counting troops, weapons, tents, formations, etc. /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' /> One, two, three, COUNT, four, five, six, COUNT.  Batty batty bat bat bat.
59	valacirca	2011-06-07	I'm not quite sure what you find to be so implausible (*), and I actually think they did a good job. Many elements from the fight in the book were also included in the TV show: Throat whacking, guards hitting one another, Syrio attacking the guards' unprotected spots, keeping the guards off-balance, etc.The way Syrio disables the guards in the show is mostly just by whacking them in areas that shouldn't make them end up severely injured: Like on their helmeted head or behind the knee/thigh area. The only strike shown in the show that could have really put down a man was when Syrio hit one of the guards in between the shoulder and neck. That much was in the book, but it wasn't even a finishing blow (the strike to the throat was what put that guard away in the book). Other than that, the fight was totally implausible.In the book, we have Syrio taking out a guard's eye with the pointed end of his wooden sword, shattering a guard's kneecap, and making one unable to breathe by striking the throat. Other than that, there's a kick to the face, which might be the only arguably weak move from the book... but for the most part, the book was amazing while the show not, at least for this sequence.Showing someone whack several armored guards in the head causing them to lay disabled is totally unconvincing.
60	Mya Stone	2011-06-07	I love you, Rock.
61	valacirca	2011-06-07	It didn't bother me... Despite his "escort" of tribesmen, he is still Tyrion, and he is wearing Lannister colors. Every solider must know about the Lannister dwarf, and in case they don't know his face, was I one of the Lannister men, I wouldn't take the chance to piss the Lord off because there might be ANOTHER DWARF pretending to be Tyrion and having somehow managed to steal his clothes.It goes like this... either:1) Tyrion was recognized, thus escorted to where his father was; or,2) he was not, thus the advancing party of tribesmen would have met resistance.Either way, it's just crazy that anyone would have just allowed that party to move to and through the Lannister camp without acknowledgement.
62	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	Yes, that's how I felt too. As I mentioned in the other thread, I had the impression that they underestimated Syrio, and it seemed to me that the guards were nowhere near Syrio's skill level. It just emphasized how Syrio's superior technique could more than compensate for the brute force of the guards.I've also trained in martial arts (but not competed professionally), and I think it's interesting that the martial artists I've talked to or communicated with find the scene to be more plausible than some of the critics here.Ultimately, I think it boils down to this: Does the scene look cool? Does it entertain? If yes, then I think it should be less important whether you think it looks (extremely) realistic or not.I don't really claim that the scene is highly realistic but rather that it doesn't stand out too much since almost no show fighting is very realistic. I fully agree with you that you need to be able to let nit-picks go and just try to be entertained since 50% of a good viewing experience lies with the viewer making sure he's open to what he sees. It of course goes extra for when you're trained in an aspect and therefor much easier sees errors actors make so you almost have to relearn to be entertained.
63	valacirca	2011-06-07	Already in the first exchange in the book the soldiers come off as way more clumsy than they should because you should not get out of balance when you strike without the opponent doing anything to you. Being balanced while you attack is one of the most basic things you learn (granted I've competed in unarmed martial arts and not sword fighting but the principle remains). Therefor I disagree with you, especially since the book has complete freedom while the show needs the actors to actually perform.I was not pertaining to the soldiers being clumsy (but yes they were, both in the book and show). I was pertaining to the direction and choreography - the overall adaptation of that fight scene - being clumsy.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 07 June 2011 - 02:11 PM.
64	tarantella	2011-06-07	Another thought on that line - I recognised the actor despite the huge beard, which is the sort of thing which will make it difficult for them to disguise Barristan further down the line.Barristan was already being lazy about his secret identity if you ask me.  Dropping a few letters from your name isn't that creative.
65	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	I was not pertaining to the soldiers being clumsy (but yes they were, both in the book and show). I was pertaining to the direction and choreography - the overall adaptation of that fight scene - being clumsy.But you did describe it as "great and convincing" and I maintain that I disagree that it was more convincing in the book than in the show, given the differences of the mediums.
66	Patrick Tully	2011-06-07	My one serious complaint with the Syrio scene is actually due to their costuming choices for the Kingsguard. It the show, Trant isn't fully protected from the woooden sword by his armor.
					
					
							Edited by Patrick Tully, 07 June 2011 - 02:16 PM.
67	Senta Signora	2011-06-07	Let's raise a glass to Septa Mordane. Yes she's repressive and a killjoy and fosters archaic sex role stereotypes, but she died as nobly as anyone in the show. She may not be the badass Syrio is, but she gave her life for the Starks.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
68	Xenophon	2011-06-07	But in the show, to me anyway, I thought the line out of character with the show-Ned.  Show-Ned is far more formal, far more stuffy (in Winterfell especially), far less apt to allow for informality.  Thus, when Greatjon says the line it echoed in my ears all wrong.  That same line worked fine in the books- not so well in the show.Thus concludes "Rockroi Gets Defensive About a Mistake He Made Nitpicking the Show And Hopefully This Will Be a Lesson To Him to Stop Nitpicking You Ungrateful SOB Who Should Just Be Happy That the Only Sci-Fi Fantasy Book He Ever Liked Was Made Into A Movie And Get Off People's Backs.  Asshole."  LOL.  Loving the section titles.But how bout this as an ad hoc justification:The Greatjon is clearly fairly uppity.  First he's telling Robb that he'll take his ball and go home if they don't play by his rules, then he's shooing all the other lords out of Robb's tent, and telling Robb what to do with the scout.  So, it actually makes sense that he's talking about Ned in a disrespectful way.  Most of the bannerment would call Ned "Lord Stark", but the Greatjon, with his exaggerated sense of his own importance won't stoop to such pleasantries.  Basically, Ned's mistake was that he didn't have a direwolf to teach the Greatjon manners the first time he sauntered into Winterfell and was all "what's up, Ned?".
					
					
							Edited by Xenophon, 07 June 2011 - 02:23 PM.
69	valacirca	2011-06-07	But you did describe it as "great and convincing" and I maintain that I disagree that it was more convincing in the book than in the show, given the differences of the mediums.Okay then. If you're just as convinced by soldiers being incapacitated by wood smacking on their steel helmets as you are with eye-gouging, kneecap-shattering and windpipe-crushing, then I guess there's no arguing there... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Seems as different as night and day, but so be it.
70	Jaime L	2011-06-07	-Someone else mentioned this, but the scene where weÂ<U+0092>re introduced to the Greatjohn just didnÂ<U+0092>t work very well on screen.  I think they did this the best they could, but itÂ<U+0092>s just an awkward scene to pull off without subtext.  Big dude we donÂ<U+0092>t know is arguing with Robb, both get angry, wolf bites off dudeÂ<U+0092>s fingers, everyone laughs.  It somehow made sense in the books, but it was tough to convey on TV.I think what cracks me up is what wins over the Greatjon is that Robb's wolf takes it upon himself to maul the guy and that's what wins him over. Or maybe it was Robb's clever with the "doubtless you meant to cut my meat" line.Still the guy lost three fingers! Fingers he probably had intentions of using at some point in the future. But there he is chuckling merrily 30 seconds later, presumably as Grey Wind proceeds to much on his finger sandwich on the floor next to him. Moreover this is what convinces him Robb's meat is bloody tough. Robb didn't do anything! He just has a freaking direwolf for a pet. If Drogon bit off his Greatcock he'd be pledging undying loyalty to Dany screaming how she has the toughest meat of all (pun strangely unintended). Granted I had the same issue when everyone in the books was whispering about how Jon defeated the Halfhand. Once again, dude has a direwolf. People aren't gonna give me credit for beating up Manny Pacquiao if my bear mauls him from behind. People of Westeros, stop giving credit to people for what their animals do! Anyway this isn't a criticism of the show and I never had a problem with how it was presented in the books. It's just seeing it go down on the screen which has me revisiting the surreality of the scene. I still love the show for trying to bring the sequence to life, and if I knew how, I'd make that 3 second clip of Grey Wind biting off his fingers my avatar.
71	Mya Stone	2011-06-07	It would usurp Alexis, Jaim? 
Wow. I'll try and find a .gif for you.
72	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	Okay then. If you're just as convinced by soldiers being incapacitated by wood smacking on their steel helmets as you are with eye-gouging, kneecap-shattering and windpipe-crushing, then I guess there's no arguing there... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Seems as different as night and day, but so be it.The point was that the soldiers weren't performing on a realistic level, which is a bigger issue in a book where you have complete freedom to write exactly what you want whereas in a TV show you have various physical limitations. I'm not actually bothered by any of the two though as I can disconnect from my martial knowledge and just be entertained. Otherwise I wouldn't like either.
73	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-07	Let's raise a glass to Septa Mordane. Yes she's repressive and a killjoy and fosters archaic sex role stereotypes, but she died as nobly as anyone in the show. She may not be the badass Syrio is, but she gave her life for the Starks.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Word.
74	ser_nerdick	2011-06-07	[font="Tahoma"]I totally agree with all of these criticisms and they aren't even nitpicks to me. They're clear shortcomings of the episode. That's why I'm having a hard time swallowing all the 10's the episode has been getting on the ratings thread.The show could star William Shatner as Ned Stark and Carrot-top as Jaime Lannister and people here would still give it a 10/10. A lot of people really, really want the show to be fantastic.I think it's entertaining but probably tops off at about 8/10 with a few of the episodes down in the 6 range.
75	Xenophon	2011-06-07	Granted I had the same issue when everyone in the books was whispering about how Jon defeated the Halfhand. Once again, dude has a direwolf. People aren't gonna give me credit for beating up Manny Pacquiao if my bear mauls him from behind. People of Westeros, stop giving credit to people for what their animals do! Anyway this isn't a criticism of the show and I never had a problem with how it was presented in the books. It's just seeing it go down on the screen which has me revisiting the surreality of the scene. I still love the show for trying to bring the sequence to life, and if I knew how, I'd make that 3 second clip of Grey Wind biting off his fingers my avatar.You have a bear!  Down with Ran, Jaime L is the rightful King o' the Board!But seriously, I agree exactly with the sentiment that it somehow seemed more silly on screen than in print.  That's why I'm glad the Greatjon got a few more lines at the end of the episode--it made him less the character who ends up laughing about losing half his hand.
76	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-07	The way Syrio disables the guards in the show is mostly just by whacking them in areas that shouldn't make them end up severely injuredYou don't need to severely injure a person in order to make that person  fall to the ground (or become disoriented). Depending on where you hit a person, only a  small(er) amount of force might be necessary (in the TV show, two guards went down because they were hit under the knees from behind).Besides, I've not said that they were severely injured: I said that they went down and were only temporarily taken out. The exception was the guard who was hit in the throat with a wooden sword. This would cause minor, if not major or lethal injuries.  And I hardly think the guy who was hit in the head with the longsword (by one of his own men) felt too eager to continue the fight either.If Syrio really wanted to severely injure the guards or kill them, he would have to do more than just make them fall, slow them down and keep them off-balance. But that was not his primary objective: Since he faced multiple foes, he had to constantly be in motion and be prepared for the next attack. He couldn't afford to spend too much time on a single opponent (as he would've done in one-to-one combat).Showing someone whack several armored guards in the head causing them to lay disabled is totally unconvincingTry this experiment: Wear a helmet and let someone hit you in the head with a bat when you're not prepared (actually, I don't recommend this at all...). What do you think is more likely: That you'll stand upright or that you'll become disoriented, lose your balance and fall to the ground? The helmet will save your life and probably prevent injuries, but you'll still feel the force of the blow.Besides, the guards were not (permanently) disabled. In fact, most of them got up before the fight was finished, and all of them (except the guy who had his throat whacked) was moving around when Syrio faced the commander.I guess we could discuss this until the Wall melts, and I don't mind that we see things differently. However, I do think it's less constructive, so to speak, when people make rather bombastic conclusions and speak their opinions as if they were facts ("totally implausible", "totally unconvincing", etc.)
77	daniaone	2011-06-07	I have been following the threads and posts since before the start of the series and have had a great time with all of your thoughts, questions, opinions and ideas.
I have not re-read the series and am fuzzy in a few areas but it is all coming back quickly. I know this sounds naive but I am a Northerner at heart and loved the Starks so much I don't want to watch the next few episodes as I know what is going to happen. No chance of them changing that is there!!!
78	Mya Stone	2011-06-07	Anyway this isn't a criticism of the show and I never had a problem with how it was presented in the books. It's just seeing it go down on the screen which has me revisiting the surreality of the scene. I still love the show for trying to bring the sequence to life, and if I knew how, I'd make that 3 second clip of Grey Wind biting off his fingers my avatar.You are so my bitch. /kiss.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':kiss:' />
79	Jaime L	2011-06-07	It would usurp Alexis, Jaim? Wow. I'll try and find a .gif for you.Yep. Gotta say, My, felt pretty inspired by that scene. It changed my view on...everything.You have a bear!  Down with Ran, Jaime L is the rightful King o' the Board!Yeah, unfortunately we had to close down the petting zoo due to recent unpleasantness.You are so my bitch.Hahaha, how the hell?! Amazing, My!
					
					
							Edited by Jaime L, 07 June 2011 - 03:05 PM.
80	Alexia	2011-06-07	On the Syrio discussion, I don't want to get to sucked in because I didn't watch the fight scene all that closely, but getting hit with a wooden sword in the back of the knee sounds pretty disabling to me (with the potential for permanent damage).  Let's raise a glass to Septa Mordane. Yes she's repressive and a killjoy and fosters archaic sex role stereotypes, but she died as nobly as anyone in the show. She may not be the badass Syrio is, but she gave her life for the Starks.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Let me join in that toast.  I teared up when she faced down those guards, knowing what I knew about what would happen to her.
81	Mya Stone	2011-06-07	Yep. Gotta say, My, felt pretty inspired by that scene. It changed my view on...everything.Yeah, unfortunately we had to close down the petting zoo due to recent unpleasantness.Hahaha, how the hell?! Amazing, My!My google-fu is strong. Also, this quest has just helped me discover these recaps, which are making my day.
82	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-07	I don't really claim that the scene is highly realistic but rather that it doesn't stand out too much since almost no show fighting is very realistic.Yes, onscreen/dramatized fighting is often more or less stylized, but for a good reason: A highly 'realistic' fight scene might actually not look that cool, or it might not fit within the alloted screentime for the scene. There are also security concerns, of course. My response towards Valacirca has more to do with his statements about the fight scene being "totally implausible" (there's a  big difference between "totally/highly" realistic and "totally" implausible).
83	Baleran Cole	2011-06-07	I think what cracks me up is what wins over the Greatjon is that Robb's wolf takes it upon himself to maul the guy and that's what wins him over. Or maybe it was Robb's clever with the "doubtless you meant to cut my meat" line.Still the guy lost three fingers! Fingers he probably had intentions of using at some point in the future. But there he is chuckling merrily 30 seconds later, presumably as Grey Wind proceeds to much on his finger sandwich on the floor next to him. Moreover this is what convinces him Robb's meat is bloody tough. Robb didn't do anything! He just has a freaking direwolf for a pet. If Drogon bit off his Greatcock he'd be pledging undying loyalty to Dany screaming how she has the toughest meat of all (pun strangely unintended). Granted I had the same issue when everyone in the books was whispering about how Jon defeated the Halfhand. Once again, dude has a direwolf. People aren't gonna give me credit for beating up Manny Pacquiao if my bear mauls him from behind. People of Westeros, stop giving credit to people for what their animals do! Anyway this isn't a criticism of the show and I never had a problem with how it was presented in the books. It's just seeing it go down on the screen which has me revisiting the surreality of the scene. I still love the show for trying to bring the sequence to life, and if I knew how, I'd make that 3 second clip of Grey Wind biting off his fingers my avatar.IMHO, most of all it's Robb's lines that convince him.Because as Robb cleverly reminds, it's treason to bare one's steel against one's lord. He could easily have the Greatjon executed (not very clever when you want your bannermen to go to war but it's his right). The North is an harsh place. We had occasions to see how the likes of Bolton do justice there. The loss of three fingers is better than the loss of one's life. The Greatjon is punished and offered in the meantime a way ouf of the mess he has put himself in by the "doubtless you meant to cut my meat" line.
84	Huan	2011-06-07	Robb's ploy with the scout is made that much more effective by his not having shared his plans with the Greatjon or his mother or his other lords.  They are as fooled by him as the scout is.  That way the scout will report to the Lannisters that not only was the soft child merciful but that he disregarded the advice of older and wiser men.  Extremely well done.Books-Robb would not have come up with this trick this early on, but TV-Robb is older (and doesn't have the Blackfish yet).Agreed, it was all about misdirection. The long, cold stare Robb gave Catelyn when she protested was brilliant. I am liking TV Robb a lot more after this episode.Let's raise a glass to Septa Mordane. Yes she's repressive and a killjoy and fosters archaic sex role stereotypes, but she died as nobly as anyone in the show. She may not be the badass Syrio is, but she gave her life for the Starks.  Let me join in that toast.  I teared up when she faced down those guards, knowing what I knew about what would happen to her.Me too, that scene was powerful and really conveyed that not just soldiers were being killed.
					
					
							Edited by Huan, 07 June 2011 - 03:43 PM.
85	GoTreviews	2011-06-07	Since Syrio's getting so much attention (and he should, that was quite the scene) I'd like to jump in and say I really enjoyed his style. Of course he's being violent, but he had something of a water dancer style (I mean, rolling between a guys armored legs to make him fall, that's pretty awesome. And the bit were he strangles one with his own cape is quite awesome as well).My google-fu is strong. Also, this quest has just helped me discover these recaps, which are making my day.I shall respect your google-fu, for this is great.
86	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-07	One of my complaints the first time around was that the wight's eyes weren't piercing-blue enough. After a rewatch, I still feel that way, but Ghost's piercing red eyes were phenomenal and made up for it.On a rewatch I was also further impressed by Dinklage as Tyrion, he was really stretching his chops in this episode. When we met him at the beginning of the season, he was all cocky and lordly, but in different points in this episode he was afraid and unsure and apprehensive. His uncertainty and distress were plain on his face and I appreciated getting to see the other side of Tyrion that we know from the books but hadn't seen yet in the show.
					
					
							Edited by JetboyGirl, 07 June 2011 - 03:58 PM.
87	Queen Dorothea	2011-06-07	I don't think non-readers notice the illogical things...
They are absorbed by the story unlike us who are actually just "analysing the execution".
					
					
							Edited by Queen Dorothea, 07 June 2011 - 03:59 PM.
88	boiled leather	2011-06-07	Great episode. Not the best, but close. Syrio's fight wasn't choreographed all that well. I can't suspend disbelief enough to belive that he knocked out those armoered, helmed men with a swift knock to the head. I dunno, I think Syrio kicking serious ass with a piece of wood lends credence to the crackpot theory that Syrio=FacelessMan.  Its far less crackpot to me today.
89	richtea78	2011-06-07	I understand that people may be annoyed when Ned dies with the killing of Sean Bean but wouldnt the logical solution be to cast someone of equal weight as one of the main characters of Season 2? Has Stannis been cast yet? Could it be that they are going to go for a big name draw for him?
90	Kalbear	2011-06-07	I dunno, I think Syrio kicking serious ass with a piece of wood lends credence to the crackpot theory that Syrio=FacelessMan. Its far less crackpot to me today.I never associated the Faceless Men with martial ability (unless the role needed it). Ja'qen wasn't particularly apt with anything, and there's no sign that Arya's being taught how to fight. She's being taught how to kill and how to lie - which are more important for an assassin than how to fight.
91	boiled leather	2011-06-07	I understand that people may be annoyed when Ned dies with the killing of Sean Bean but wouldnt the logical solution be to cast someone of equal weight as one of the main characters of Season 2? Has Stannis been cast yet? Could it be that they are going to go for a big name draw for him?I was actually thinking that if they'd cast  "semi-heavy weights" as Stannis and Davos (oh and for the hell of it, Melissandre) with a minor introductory scene in ep 9 or 10...wow!  a bit late for that strategy.
92	Wunhopkuendo	2011-06-07	Yes, that's how I felt too. As I mentioned in the other thread, I had the impression that they underestimated Syrio, and it seemed to me that the guards were nowhere near Syrio's skill level. It just emphasized how Syrio's superior technique could more than compensate for the brute force of the guards.I've also trained in martial arts (but not competed professionally), and I think it's interesting that the martial artists I've talked to or communicated with find the scene to be more plausible than some of the critics here.Ultimately, I think it boils down to this: Does the scene look cool? Does it entertain? If yes, then I think it should be less important whether you think it looks (extremely) realistic or not.You can add me to that list of martial artists. Hell, I probably have more time under my belt than most posters here have on this planet. I am also a former Army Ranger and I remember having a conversation with a Navy Seal in regards to fighting prowess. He said, "you do realize that it isn't that we are so fucking good, it is just that the rest of the world fucking sucks!" Syrio would not be able to pull off the moves he did against multiple attackers (was it four?) if they were trained nearly as well as he is. I also don't quite understand why people believe that wood is far less superior than steel in a fight against armored knights. The only advantage that steel swords would have is their ability to piece objects. Their cutting edges are all but useless against armor and their blunt ability would be less than wood due to the lack of density. Swords aren't made nearly as thick or else they would be way too heavy to wield, thus there is a certain amount of give that wood won't have. So getting hit upside the helmeted head with a steal sword is not going to do more damage than getting the same treatment from a wooden training sword.
93	Morrigan	2011-06-07	Well said, Wunhop. That's why soldiers had maces (blunt) and spears (piercing), and not just swords for slashing.
94	sammycakes	2011-06-07	I'm with those who were put off by the staginess of the Syrio fight scene. I don't expect blood and guts and ripped trachea-tongues in every death, but I'd like my fights to look more physical than a high school Shakespeare production. It was bad enough to be distracting for me.
EDIT: Just to add that I appreciated that the choreography attempted to show the difference in technique, to show what makes a water dancer a water dancer. I don't feel that changes anything about my overall critique, though.
					
					
							Edited by sammycakes, 07 June 2011 - 04:40 PM.
95	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	One of my complaints the first time around was that the wight's eyes weren't piercing-blue enough. After a rewatch, I still feel that way, but Ghost's piercing red eyes were phenomenal and made up for it.On a rewatch I was also further impressed by Dinklage as Tyrion, he was really stretching his chops in this episode. When we met him at the beginning of the season, he was all cocky and lordly, but in different points in this episode he was afraid and unsure and apprehensive. His uncertainty and distress were plain on his face and I appreciated getting to see the other side of Tyrion that we know from the books but hadn't seen yet in the show.Possibly one of my favorite understated moments of the whole series: Tyrion sits down at the table across from Tywin, and Tywin immediately removes the pitcher of wine from Tyrion's reach.  Then, when Tywin goes to personally address the clan chieftains, Tyrion practically stands on the chair to reach the wine pitcher and pour himself some.  I loved that.
96	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-07	Possibly one of my favorite understated moments of the whole series: Tyrion sits down at the table across from Tywin, and Tywin immediately removes the pitcher of wine from Tyrion's reach.  Then, when Tywin goes to personally address the clan chieftains, Tyrion practically stands on the chair to reach the wine pitcher and pour himself some.  I loved that.The detail that i particularly liked was that Tyrion wouldn't/couldn't look his Dad in the eye. He kept sort of glancing off and ducking his head and what not. And then we got that amazing stare from Tywin - no wonder!
97	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-07	The detail that i particularly liked was that Tyrion wouldn't/couldn't look his Dad in the eye. He kept sort of glancing off and ducking his head and what not. And then we got that amazing stare from Tywin - no wonder!I wasn't a big fan of the scene where we first met Tywin, because I thought the butchering was kind of silly, given Tywin's status.  But Tywin himself has been great in the few scenes we've had of him.
98	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	You can add me to that list of martial artists. Hell, I probably have more time under my belt than most posters here have on this planet. I am also a former Army Ranger and I remember having a conversation with a Navy Seal in regards to fighting prowess. He said, "you do realize that it isn't that we are so fucking good, it is just that the rest of the world fucking sucks!" Syrio would not be able to pull off the moves he did against multiple attackers (was it four?) if they were trained nearly as well as he is. I also don't quite understand why people believe that wood is far less superior than steel in a fight against armored knights. The only advantage that steel swords would have is their ability to piece objects. Their cutting edges are all but useless against armor and their blunt ability would be less than wood due to the lack of density. Swords aren't made nearly as thick or else they would be way too heavy to wield, thus there is a certain amount of give that wood won't have. So getting hit upside the helmeted head with a steal sword is not going to do more damage than getting the same treatment from a wooden training sword.I'd say it's generally a combination of that most people aren't good at fighting and that some are superb. Forrest Griffin is a very good fighter but Anderson Silva still made him look like an amateur. Syrio isn't really intended to beat the watch because they suck (although they aren't elite either), but because he's so extraordinarily good. As for the military aspect (I did my 15 month mandatory service in a Swedish version of the rangers), that has a bit less about with pure ability and a bit more with strategy and not fighting fair IMO. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I agree with you about wood being a decently effective material for a weapon (although it has lower density than steel, but I know what you meant). The training swords were also made with a led core, at least in the book, so that can indeed land a pretty heavy blow and you'll definitely not like being hit by neither hard wood or metal while wearing a helmet. The biggest problem with wood is it's durability.You can certainly make a sword even heavier than a wooden sword though (look at what the Mountain is wielding), and especially maces and hammers were heavier and less well balanced just to pierce armor. It's all about the context of the fights you'll be getting into. The sword seems to have been a more versatile weapon and therefor the choice of the really dedicated warriors (in addition to it's significant symbolic value) given that all the surviving combat manuals are for sword fighting.
99	Lord of Oop North	2011-06-07	I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose, but I take it that none of you complaining regarding wooden swords & helmets has ever played lacrosse. I played for a long, long time, and I assure you, it still fucking hurts, and it will still knock you down and out. But hey, maybe I'm just a cravenly wussy compared to you virile armchair warriors.
If any of you wants to test your theory, we can meet at a con. I'll loan you my helmet, and proceed take a swing at you with my stick. It will end well.
					
					
							Edited by Lord of Oop North, 07 June 2011 - 06:19 PM.
100	Greyjoy67	2011-06-07	I'm going to go and take a guess that a lot of you haven't heard of suspending your disbelief.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> 
Understandable, you're fans of the books and want it to be perfect.
In terms of the Syrio sword fight, I think it was terifically well done compared to a lot of less authentic swordplay in films that I've seen. These types of things are made for the viewer to sit back and admire (or cheer on depending on your persuasion). 
Tyrion and his men marching towards the camp - I'd imagine the scouts spotted it was him and let him go. It's just something you accept, and not unlikely. 
My main nitpick with the episode is that Catalyn meets Robb after a long parting, and doesn't once ask (on screen) how Bran is. Considering she spent weeks by his side, it just seems a little unlikely. Surely she'd want some progress on how the lad that she 'loves fiercely' is getting along? Maybe my Bran fandom is getting out of hand a bit there but still.
101	Knight Of The North	2011-06-07	Okay, I think we've established that getting beaten over the head with a training sword/kendo equipment/anything heavy really bloody hurts. 
I think the main problem is the flashiness of the scene, the quickness of the sword movements, the flamboyancy of the fight . Respectfully, I think it's...slightly misguided to argue that. The entire point of Syrio's teaching is quickness, speed, agility, darting in and out of reach, making the sword an extension of yourself. If you look back over the fight, it's almost as if Syrio isn't hitting the guards with a practice sword, but his hand. I think the entire fight portrayed it magnificently; he flows between each engagement, and uses all the techniques we've seen him teaching Arya. Alright, the philosophies, atleast.
"Not today."
102	BastardSon	2011-06-07	Did anyone else notice Varys reaction to how Selmy was treated. He didn't look to happy about it at all. I'm pretty sure Varys the one who introduces him to Illyrio and therefore Daenarys. The Spider's web keeps getting more and more intricate.
103	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-07	Thus concludes "Rockroi Gets Defensive About a Mistake He Made Nitpicking the Show And Hopefully This Will Be a Lesson To Him to Stop Nitpicking You Ungrateful SOB Who Should Just Be Happy That the Only Sci-Fi Fantasy Book He Ever Liked Was Made Into A Movie And Get Off People's Backs.  Asshole."  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />That was awesome, Rock.Let's raise a glass to Septa Mordane. Yes she's repressive and a killjoy and fosters archaic sex role stereotypes, but she died as nobly as anyone in the show. She may not be the badass Syrio is, but she gave her life for the Starks.  /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />Indeed! /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />I seriously got all choked up during that scene. And then again when I was talking about it with my copy editor. If any of you wants to test your theory, we can meet at a con. I'll loan you my helmet, and proceed take a swing at you with my stick. It will end well.I would pay good money to watch that. /whip.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':whip:' />
					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 07 June 2011 - 07:10 PM.
104	Wunhopkuendo	2011-06-07	I'd say it's generally a combination of that most people aren't good at fighting and that some are superb. Forrest Griffin is a very good fighter but Anderson Silva still made him look like an amateur. Syrio isn't really intended to beat the watch because they suck (although they aren't elite either), but because he's so extraordinarily good. As for the military aspect (I did my 15 month mandatory service in a Swedish version of the rangers), that has a bit less about with pure ability and a bit more with strategy and not fighting fair IMO. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />I agree with you about wood being a decently effective material for a weapon (although it has lower density than steel, but I know what you meant). The training swords were also made with a led core, at least in the book, so that can indeed land a pretty heavy blow and you'll definitely not like being hit by neither hard wood or metal while wearing a helmet. The biggest problem with wood is it's durability.You can certainly make a sword even heavier than a wooden sword though (look at what the Mountain is wielding), and especially maces and hammers were heavier and less well balanced just to pierce armor. It's all about the context of the fights you'll be getting into. The sword seems to have been a more versatile weapon and therefor the choice of the really dedicated warriors (in addition to it's significant symbolic value) given that all the surviving combat manuals are for sword fighting.Everyone else sucks was a joke, but somewhat true. When you get to the skill levels of a Silva, there really is only a nominal difference between fighters. Kind of like baseball. The difference between a .250 hitter and .300 hitter is a mere 25 hits over a season, and yet one is an all star and the other is heading back to AAA. Still, the .250 hitter is among a very elite group of players that millions of kids dream about being. Not quite sure where I was going with this, but I am sure it was intended to mean something. Steel is obviously denser than wood, but a steel sword may not be as dense as a wooden sword. A steel sword needs to be strong but also very light, whereas a wooden sword needs to be strong and comprised of strong and cured woods that won't break easily. Again, it is much like a baseball bat. They can and do break, but not as often as would happen if they weren't made out of proper woods and along the grain. Now think of a steel bat (not aluminum). It would have to be very thin in order to not be too heavy to swing. The balance between weight and thickness would probably make it not nearly dense enough to be an effective tool for hitting a ball. Unless of course you are the mountain. Then all bets are off. You are absolutely right about the sword requiring dedicated warriors. The training is very intense and takes years to accomplish. That is why the spear is the one weapon that in my opinion is the most important invention in the history of warfare. It is really easy to use, requires less training due to its length and intuitive nature required to utilize it, is very inexpensive to mass produce, and works as an equalizer against pretty much any form of melee combat. Instead of having trained knights do all the fighting, you can now conscript peasants and still have a force that can fight without being a mere nuisance to the opposing knights.
105	BastardSon	2011-06-07	The practice sword wasn't a wooden broad sword had to be light enough for Arya. Despite that though it doesn't take that hard of a hit to the head to stun someone and a helmet may protect against your skull getting crushed but not much protection from getting your bell rung. I watched my battle buddy in basic training get knocked out wearing a padded helmet and getting hit by a padded pugil-stick.
					
					
							Edited by BastardSon, 07 June 2011 - 07:31 PM.
106	CelticBrennus	2011-06-07	Excellent episode.  What I took from the Greatjon scenes is that he is being shown as more calculating then in the books.  He takes several long looks around the room during both scenes with Robb to seemingly gauge support.  Only after finding that support seemingly lacking does he either capitulate or leave.  As far as the counting thing goes, I recall a bit from Clausewitz where he discusses the ability to gauge the amount of enemy troops from a distance.  It has something to do with finding the size of a given area, gauging how many men are in that area, and then comparing the given area to the entire enemy force.  He also talks about learning how to look at a piece of land and being able to figure out how many men could fit in it.  You can certainly make a sword even heavier than a wooden sword though (look at what the Mountain is wielding), and especially maces and hammers were heavier and less well balanced just to pierce armor.Maces and hammers were not less well balanced then a sword - just balanced differently because they were totally different weapons made for different purposes and wielded totally differently.  It's all about the context of the fights you'll be getting into. The sword seems to have been a more versatile weapon and therefor the choice of the really dedicated warriors (in addition to it's significant symbolic value) given that all the surviving combat manuals are for sword fighting.In real life the sword was the least versatile, usually only effective against enemies not wearing armor.  Axes, maces, pole axes and spears were the primary arms of the Middle Ages - swords were basically side arms in combat between knights.  The sword was the equivalent of a .45, the pole axe, mace or lance (big spear) were the assault rife.
					
					
							Edited by CelticBrennus, 07 June 2011 - 07:52 PM.
107	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	Did anyone else notice Varys reaction to how Selmy was treated. He didn't look to happy about it at all. I'm pretty sure Varys the one who introduces him to Illyrio and therefore Daenarys. The Spider's web keeps getting more and more intricate.It is know.
108	Ser Greguh	2011-06-07	Speaking of Septa Mordane's final scene, a comment on another board that I thought was hilarious: "was I the only person half expecting her to pull out a light saber as she approached those guards?"  Now I can't watch the scene without picturing it.  She totally has the serene Jedi expression.
109	Mya Stone	2011-06-07	Speaking of Septa Mordane's final scene, a comment on another board that I thought was hilarious: "was I the only person half expecting her to pull out a light saber as she approached those guards?"  Now I can't watch the scene without picturing it.  She totally has the serene Jedi expression.I wanted her to wave her hand and state, "These are not the Starks you are looking for" myself.
110	oneeye	2011-06-07	I think Tywin was so confident in his 30k plus men and his scouts probably saw Tyrion with the clans men so he purposely let him come in without an escort.
I don't know if they should cast heavy weights for season 2. I am afraid of cost overruns a la Rome. We still have to introduce most of High Garden, Stannis and crew, the Greyjoy crew (yay Asha). There's a lot of characters to go.
I still think people giving less than a 10 are comparing apples with worms. Does any other tv show in entertainment forum subsection hit two threads in two days?
Greatcock!
111	wolverine	2011-06-07	I just thought it was SO STUPID for Robb to let that scout live, why in the world would he do that? Just so he could have some half assed boast at Tywin, "I'm gonna kill you mofo!" SO STUPID.And I cringe whenever I see LF in a scene, he doesn't do it for me at all.I thought he had a great reason for doing this.  Unless I missed something he had just told his mother he had 18000 men, the scout thought he had at least 20000.  Misinforming your enemy is a good enough reason to let a scout live.  If their other scouts can't find an army that large they are terrible.  Also, the message he sends reinforces Tywin's thoughts that Robb is a green boy who will not strategize but will just come charging into a fight he will lose and then go home.Edit:  Sorry as a I read more of the thread people already answered this statement with similar responses.
					
					
							Edited by wolverine, 07 June 2011 - 10:08 PM.
112	Rockroi	2011-06-07	That was awesome, Rock.Thanks to those who enjoy my self-deprecation.  But I just want to point out that when I am wrong about something, I fess up.  I think we need more of that on these boards.  Especially people who say Sandor is the KotLT and still ask if Ned and Lyanna are Jon Snow's parents.Or people who seriously believe that Syrio is the Faceless man.  Seriously- this is actually happening.  Or maybe I can just return to all the threads dedicated to how much Cat/Arya/Dany sucks.  That's always fun.
113	wolverine	2011-06-07	But I just want to point out that when I am wrong about something, I fess up.  I think we need more of that on these boards.No,we need more of them in this world, particularly my wife.
114	snowzombie	2011-06-07	I'm a noob but here's my 2 cents:
There should be a nitpickers' thread and a "I mostly enjoyed it so I'm not going to pur over obscure details which caused me displeasure" thread. Some of us are "glass half full" types, others see but the negative space within the upper half of said glass. 
There also could have been a separate thread for Syrio's ability to render guards crippled through use of his wooden saber. 
And while my imagination is at it - a whole Sansa thread. Weighing motivations against age against experience against actress's depiction against the square root of pi. And don't forget to talk about her southern hairdo. 
Wait, I just realized we won't see Lysa and Robin again until Season 3. How old is that kid gonna look when we next see him pawing at Mom's blouse?
115	WillWork4NinjaPowers	2011-06-07	I am new to all of this, and absolutely love it all. I feel a little gross though, pervin a dish over Robb and Jon onscreen and then carrying that over to the books...where they are NOT the strapping MEN as they are on HBO.
116	Landless Knight	2011-06-08	Some posters have commented that the Arya/stableboy scene was rushed and poorly shot. I suspect that was by design - the idea being to create a confused moment when Arya's killing of the stableboy wasn't clearly accidental or deliberate, but open to interpretation. 
As I recall, in the book, Arya stabs the boy in a flash of anger and fear, but unquestionably deliberately. Maybe GRRM felt that tv viewers wouldn't accept a child killer.
I thought this episode got Sansa's character back on track -  she was much closer to the book's self-absorbed innocent. Her plea for her father's life is the first sympathetic moment she's had in the show.
					
					
							Edited by Landless Knight, 08 June 2011 - 12:40 AM.
117	Black Sheep	2011-06-08	Some posters have commented that the Arya/stableboy scene was rushed and poorly shot. I suspect that was by design - the idea being to create a confused moment when Arya's killing of the stableboy wasn't clearly accidental or deliberate, but open to interpretation. As I recall, in the book, Arya stabs the boy in a flash of anger and fear, but unquestionably deliberately. Maybe GRRM felt that tv viewers wouldn't accept a child killer.Book readers could (or could not), so TV viewers could too (or could not). Besides the stabbing moment was all sorts of weird due to the camera work.Tyrion's and Shagga's exchange about chopping the manhood was weird and came out of nowhere, especially since I'm guessing it was supposed to be comical. They should have at least two or three instances of Shagga saying this to deliver the comedy in the later exchange. Then I noticed that GRRM wrote in his blog that Tyrion and Bronn's meeting up with the clans was supposed to occur in Episode 7 (and was actually written by Dan & David) but was pushed to Episode 8. So I'm guessing it was trimmed down to fit into the episode and we've lost some great "I'll chop off your manhood and fit it to the goats" moments. Oh Roz... what have you done to us...
118	Ranmyaku	2011-06-08	I've been watching Game of Thrones on series link since the beginning, over here in Britain, and seeing scenes from the book have just made my day. And like every other reader, I've strongly connected with characters I feel were potrayed well and felt an inkling of doubt for characters I didn't think were coming across as I thought they should.
All that aside! What an episode. They've all been great..but Jon fighting the Wights? Greatjon..Kudos to this guy. He was funny, boisterous, loud and everything you could hope. He brought an element of comedy to the North that in no way robbed it of anything it needed to remain a serious affair! As for Barristan Selmy, my first impressions were "old" but I suppose justly so. Seeing him inform the other five Kingsguard he could "cut through them like they were cake" was just epic viewing. And of course, we all wanted to see Syrio show Arya how real water dancing goes, not to mention his 'death' was once again not shown as in the books. Speculation abound!
A big question though, what's everyone's thoughts on Tywin? He got a lot of hype in the books about his air of authority and how just being in the room with him you were caught in an aura of intimidation and resolution. How's everyone feel he's been in the few minutes we've seen him?
(Shagga, Son of Dolf was great!)
119	Decius	2011-06-08	Maybe GRRM felt that tv viewers wouldn't accept a child killer.Well, then either they change a lot of Arya's storyline or they get used to it, because that's what she is in the books.
120	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-08	Everyone else sucks was a joke, but somewhat true. When you get to the skill levels of a Silva, there really is only a nominal difference between fighters. Kind of like baseball. The difference between a .250 hitter and .300 hitter is a mere 25 hits over a season, and yet one is an all star and the other is heading back to AAA. Still, the .250 hitter is among a very elite group of players that millions of kids dream about being. Not quite sure where I was going with this, but I am sure it was intended to mean something. Steel is obviously denser than wood, but a steel sword may not be as dense as a wooden sword. A steel sword needs to be strong but also very light, whereas a wooden sword needs to be strong and comprised of strong and cured woods that won't break easily. Again, it is much like a baseball bat. They can and do break, but not as often as would happen if they weren't made out of proper woods and along the grain. Now think of a steel bat (not aluminum). It would have to be very thin in order to not be too heavy to swing. The balance between weight and thickness would probably make it not nearly dense enough to be an effective tool for hitting a ball. Unless of course you are the mountain. Then all bets are off. You are absolutely right about the sword requiring dedicated warriors. The training is very intense and takes years to accomplish. That is why the spear is the one weapon that in my opinion is the most important invention in the history of warfare. It is really easy to use, requires less training due to its length and intuitive nature required to utilize it, is very inexpensive to mass produce, and works as an equalizer against pretty much any form of melee combat. Instead of having trained knights do all the fighting, you can now conscript peasants and still have a force that can fight without being a mere nuisance to the opposing knights.Yes, I was just saying that sometimes it's about just being that damn good. I think we agree in general on this fairly vague subject.As for density I don't think you'll get any wood to be of that high density. I don't know any numbers for treated woods but the highest density wood is 1.49 times that of water, while carbon steel is 7.84 times that of water. Quite a difference and I can't see any way of getting wood that high since it would become something else in the process. That would be why the training swords had a led core, because getting a proper weight to it would make it a bit too big and change how it flows through the air.I fully agree that the spear was a very important step in warfare technology. A great weapon to enhance the masses.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 08 June 2011 - 05:38 AM.
121	legba11	2011-06-08	Thus concludes "Rockroi Gets Defensive About a Mistake He Made Nitpicking the Show And Hopefully This Will Be a Lesson To Him to Stop Nitpicking You Ungrateful SOB Who Should Just Be Happy That the Only Sci-Fi Fantasy Book He Ever Liked Was Made Into A Movie And Get Off People's Backs.  Asshole."  This is the best line of this whole thread  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> Listen folks have the right (and should) bitch about things that bother them on the show.  It's the reason Al Gore invented the intranetz.  I love the show, it is surpassing my wildest dreams which I've had for 2? years since it was announced.  Being a huge fanboy, there are little things that I dislike, I usually don't even bother to talk about them as they are small, but that doesn't mean others shouldn't.  Just a different way of doing things, neither is more "right".Folks also have the right to shoot down those criticisms which they don't agree with for the exact same reasons.**Edit, added **As for why Robb let get the scout, this was already discussed.  It is quite clear if you remember what he does next in the books.  He feints with Roose Bolton and a large chunk of his footmen at Tywin.  This is setting that up, giving Tywin more reason to think this green, barbaric Northchild is going to charge right towards him for battle.Part of the greatness of this writing is it completely foreshadows Robb's tragic fall.  He makes the great tactical manuver, but loses big time in the "Game".  He has given a very dangerous man control of a large chunk of his army (and then doesn't entrust Edmure with the information he needs to complete the plan).  Robb is a Stark (despite looking like a Tully).  He does not know people very well.  He just expects them to do what they say they will do.
					
					
							Edited by legba11, 08 June 2011 - 06:11 AM.
122	kungtotte	2011-06-08	Robb is his father's son, no doubt. Both of them are completely stand-up, honourable men who will do what needs to be done. If they say they will do something, they will do it. If they think something is the right thing to do, they will do it.
Their downfall is thinking that everybody else is like that too.
123	JohnnyOffice	2011-06-08	More than likely the Lannister scouts spotted Tyrion and the Hill Clans days before they reached the encampment.  Tywin was informed and he gave instructions that Tyrion wasn't to be given an "honor" guard or escort into the camp and that the scouts should just keep tabs on them.  That's VERY in-line with Tywin's personality and dislike of his son.
I also see that Arya's stabbing of the stable boy was not accidental.  She's been training for weeks, just removed Needle from its scabbard when she spins around and runs him through and that's an accident?  Sure, she was afraid and the training took over, but it's not like she was holding Needle in front of her and he got pushed onto the pointy end from behind (or she got pushed from behind stabbing him).  It seemed pretty purposeful to me.  The expression on her face was very "what just happened and what do I do now" after, but that was more the fear of the whole situation and her world falling apart than the fear of the act talking.
Ned was most definitely NOT formal with other "friendly" nobles, even those sworn to him.  He treats King Robert extraordinarily informally even going so far as to insult him and say that he was fat in front of a Lannister.  It's no surprise to me that his bannermen would call him Ned.  None whatsoever.  His servants calls him Lord Stark, including Maester and Septa, and that's probably more to do with their own training and upbringing than the rules of his house.
124	Ealdorman Halasahr	2011-06-08	I'm watching the episode - again. Liked it a lot, but now I had to pause the dancing lesson for a moment.
What got me pondering was when Syrio Forel tells Arya to go to her father. Was that just something he said, or is it just me reading too much into it, I wonder. Because surely Arya - and Syrio F. - must know by now that her father is rotting in a dungeon. So why would he want Arya to go there?
No biggy, just wondering (and again, I might be reading way too much into what he said, while busy fencing a member of the Kingsguard, plus a few Lannister soldiers).
					
					
							Edited by Ealdorman Halasahr, 08 June 2011 - 10:54 AM.
125	wolverine	2011-06-08	That is why the spear is the one weapon that in my opinion is the most important invention in the history of warfare.I fully agree that the spear was a very important step in warfare technology. A great weapon to enhance the masses.The spear has been around for hundreds of thousands of years.  It is one of the oldest weapons humans have used.  You guys kind of make it sound like they just decided a spear would be a good cheap weapon for untrained warriors.  It is probably the oldest hunting weapon other than rocks or knives.  But maybe you guys are talking more about its use in warfare rather than its "invention."
126	Starkess	2011-06-08	I'm watching the episode - again. Liked it a lot, but now I had to pause the dancing lesson for a moment.What got me pondering was when Syrio Forel tells Arya to go to her father. Was that just something he said, or is it just me reading too much into it, I wonder. Because surely Arya - and Syrio F. - must know by now that her father is rotting in a dungeon. So why would he want Arya to go there?No biggy, just wondering (and again, I might be reading way too much into what he said, while busy fencing a member of the Kingsguard, plus a few Lannister soldiers).It's a little harder to tell in the show, because it is in 2 different episode, but in the book that Arya chapter comes immediately after the Ned chapter where he gets betrayed by LF. Arya even thinks during that scene that it is her last dancing lesson before getting on the boat (ie the one her father arranged for her and Sansa to go back to Winterfell). When she runs away, she realizes that it's not safe to go to the Tower of the Hand.So no, neither her nor Syrio know yet that her father has been arrested.
127	Greywolf2375	2011-06-08	I'm watching the episode - again. Liked it a lot, but now I had to pause the dancing lesson for a moment.What got me pondering was when Syrio Forel tells Arya to go to her father. Was that just something he said, or is it just me reading too much into it, I wonder. Because surely Arya - and Syrio F. - must know by now that her father is rotting in a dungeon. So why would he want Arya to go there?No biggy, just wondering (and again, I might be reading way too much into what he said, while busy fencing a member of the Kingsguard, plus a few Lannister soldiers).Not watching it at the moment, but the dancing scene is happening in parallel with Ned being arrested so it makes sense that Syrio doesn't know.  Is it just the order of editing that makes it seem longer in between or that one happened in last weeks episode?
128	Cereal Forel	2011-06-08	Book readers could (or could not), so TV viewers could too (or could not). Besides the stabbing moment was all sorts of weird due to the camera work.Tyrion's and Shagga's exchange about chopping the manhood was weird and came out of nowhere, especially since I'm guessing it was supposed to be comical. They should have at least two or three instances of Shagga saying this to deliver the comedy in the later exchange. Then I noticed that GRRM wrote in his blog that Tyrion and Bronn's meeting up with the clans was supposed to occur in Episode 7 (and was actually written by Dan & David) but was pushed to Episode 8. So I'm guessing it was trimmed down to fit into the episode and we've lost some great "I'll chop off your manhood and fit it to the goats" moments. Oh Roz... what have you done to us...lol, are we really blaming Roz for stuff in episodes she isn't even in? She's certainly become the scapegoat for anything we see is wrong with the series.
129	Abaddon	2011-06-08	lol, are we really blaming Roz for stuff in episodes she isn't even in? She's certainly become the scapegoat for anything we see is wrong with the series.Well, the scene being talked about was in Episode 7 and was pushed into Episode 8 instead.  So, it's actually very topical here.That said, I totally agree with your second statement.
130	Cereal Forel	2011-06-08	Robb is his father's son, no doubt. Both of them are completely stand-up, honourable men who will do what needs to be done. If they say they will do something, they will do it. If they think something is the right thing to do, they will do it.Their downfall is thinking that everybody else is like that too.I've always felt that their downfall was because they're incapable of seeing anyone's viewpoints but their own (in addition to being too honorable for their own good).Ned only sees things at face value. He sees Jaime on the throne after Aerys is dead and assumes the worst without ever bothering to find out what really happened. He sees Renly's offer as "ripping children from their bed screaming and shedding blood all over the city" instead of removing Cersei from power and potentially preventing a war. He takes Littlefinger at face value while not placing any trust in Varys. He looks down on people he views as less honorable than himself. We never really get to see if Robb is the same way, he interacts well enough with his own army and bannermen, but we never get a POV from him to know what he's really thinking like we do with Ned, Catelyn, Jon, and Sansa.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 08 June 2011 - 11:49 AM.
131	Rangers30	2011-06-08	Heh. Poor Rickon gets no respect.http://media.tumblr....zvjn8o1_500.jpg
					
					
							Edited by Rangers30, 08 June 2011 - 12:00 PM.
132	Wunhopkuendo	2011-06-08	The spear has been around for hundreds of thousands of years.  It is one of the oldest weapons humans have used.  You guys kind of make it sound like they just decided a spear would be a good cheap weapon for untrained warriors.  It is probably the oldest hunting weapon other than rocks or knives.  But maybe you guys are talking more about its use in warfare rather than its "invention."That is precisely what I (we) mean. The spear is perhaps the oldest weapon if you don't count the rock since the rock is natural and the spear requires at least a little constructing. The spear was primarily a hunting weapon, though. As civilizations got larger and more domesticated, it sort of ceased to exist, at least for the populace, and was replaced with farming implements. So its reintegration into society came because of warfare rather than out of a need to hunt again. Bows are certainly a better hunting tool, but take far too long to train an entire army to use. And a pitchfork is much clumsier of a weapon than a simple spear. So perhaps I should have said re-invention rather than invention.
133	Bronn_ManofHonour	2011-06-08	This is the best line of this whole thread  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> Listen folks have the right (and should) bitch about things that bother them on the show.  It's the reason Al Gore invented the intranetz.  I love the show, it is surpassing my wildest dreams which I've had for 2? years since it was announced.  Being a huge fanboy, there are little things that I dislike, I usually don't even bother to talk about them as they are small, but that doesn't mean others shouldn't.  Just a different way of doing things, neither is more "right".Folks also have the right to shoot down those criticisms which they don't agree with for the exact same reasons.**Edit, added **As for why Robb let get the scout, this was already discussed.  It is quite clear if you remember what he does next in the books.  He feints with Roose Bolton and a large chunk of his footmen at Tywin.  This is setting that up, giving Tywin more reason to think this green, barbaric Northchild is going to charge right towards him for battle.Part of the greatness of this writing is it completely foreshadows Robb's tragic fall.  He makes the great tactical manuver, but loses big time in the "Game".  He has given a very dangerous man control of a large chunk of his army (and then doesn't entrust Edmure with the information he needs to complete the plan).  Robb is a Stark (despite looking like a Tully).  He does not know people very well.  He just expects them to do what they say they will do.Not to mention his over-reaction to Karstark's actions. He was more insubordinate than treasonous as Robb believes. He should have also been more understanding of his grief and let him take his revenge out somehow that would have avoided the situation. I don't think Ned would have executed Karstark.
134	Cereal Forel	2011-06-08	Not to mention his over-reaction to Karstark's actions. He was more insubordinate than treasonous as Robb believes. He should have also been more understanding of his grief and let him take his revenge out somehow that would have avoided the situation. I don't think Ned would have executed Karstark.He murdered prisoners of war against the wishes of his sovereign. I'm pretty sure Ned would have executed him too.
135	Black Sheep	2011-06-08	lol, are we really blaming Roz for stuff in episodes she isn't even in? She's certainly become the scapegoat for anything we see is wrong with the series.Nah, I was just kidding, Roz is a great gal, she can stay. But them ruining the joke annoyed me a little (minor thing, I know...)
136	Captain Tripps	2011-06-08	Not to mention his over-reaction to Karstark's actions. He was more insubordinate than treasonous as Robb believes. He should have also been more understanding of his grief and let him take his revenge out somehow that would have avoided the situation. I don't think Ned would have executed Karstark.He murdered a couple of children being held under protection.  Daddy Stark would have lopped his head off immediately, but as Ned had more standing and history with these men the results might have been different - he may have found a way to keep the other Karstarks.That wasn't an overreaction at all (was one of the more appropriate dumb things that family had to do), and completely in line with the Stark family creed "Honor before practicality".
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 08 June 2011 - 01:03 PM.
137	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-08	The spear has been around for hundreds of thousands of years.  It is one of the oldest weapons humans have used.  You guys kind of make it sound like they just decided a spear would be a good cheap weapon for untrained warriors.  It is probably the oldest hunting weapon other than rocks or knives.  But maybe you guys are talking more about its use in warfare rather than its "invention."You are correct in that we're talking about the tactical use of spears in armies. The mere existence of a weapon type hasn't always meant it was being used in all ages, even though it would have made an impact.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 08 June 2011 - 01:15 PM.
138	Landless Knight	2011-06-08	Book readers could (or could not), so TV viewers could too (or could not). Besides the stabbing moment was all sorts of weird due to the camera work.Big difference between reading something and seeing it. We tend to be more tolerant of departures from the human norm on the printed page. The 'weird' camerawork was the point I was making - I doubt it was incompetence.In general I think they're softening the characters. After the departure of Ned viewers will need people to identify with - and cold-blooded ten year old murderers might not fit the bill.
139	Morrigan	2011-06-08	Arya isn't a cold-blooded murderer anymore than Robb Stark is... *facepalm*
140	kungtotte	2011-06-08	That topic has been done to death, but let me just say this: Arya kills a lot of people in cold blood for someone who is not a cold-blooded murderer.
141	Morrigan	2011-06-08	That topic has been done to death, but let me just say this: Arya kills a lot of people in cold blood self-defense, vengeance and survival for someone who is not a cold-blooded murderer.*nods*
142	Black Sheep	2011-06-08	Big difference between reading something and seeing it. We tend to be more tolerant of departures from the human norm on the printed page. Don't get it, it's not as if Martin described some supernatural sight of human-zombies hatching from purple chicken eggs. The thing we are discussing here is a human character, the concept is delivered the same whether it's through written word or filmed scene.There have been movies and tv series depicting children killers, from the top of my head The Wire and City of God are pretty strong on this. You can accept that certain circumstances lead to such extreme taboo behavior or you cannot - still it doesn't have anything to do with the media itself.The 'weird' camerawork was the point I was making - I doubt it was incompetence.Regarding the camera work - I've noticed some of this in earlier episodes as well. Some weird in-scene cuts, or weird zoom-ins. I too doubt it was incompetence, just poor choices. In general I think they're softening the characters. After the departure of Ned viewers will need people to identify with - and cold-blooded ten year old murderers might not fit the bill.Again - book readers could handle it then so could viewers. Most of them would forget what she'd done by next season and just be sad for the girl and what she undergoes on the road and in Harrenhal.It certainly wouldn't be hard to have shown her killing the stableboy on purpose and deliver that she is extremely devastated by this.
143	Landless Knight	2011-06-08	That topic has been done to death, but let me just say this: Arya kills a lot of people in cold blood for someone who is not a cold-blooded murderer.Sorry, didn't realize. Almost everything has been done to death on here.  /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
144	Abaddon	2011-06-08	The 'weird' camerawork was the point I was making - I doubt it was incompetence.I don't think it was incompetence either (the rest of the camerawork/directing has been fabulous in my opinion), but it didn't work for me or(seemingly) almost anyone else.
145	Landless Knight	2011-06-08	Don't get it, it's not as if Martin described some supernatural sight of human-zombies hatching from purple chicken eggs. The thing we are discussing here is a human character, the concept is delivered the same whether it's through written word or filmed scene.There have been movies and tv series depicting children killers, from the top of my head The Wire and City of God are pretty strong on this. You can accept that certain circumstances lead to such extreme taboo behavior or you cannot - still it doesn't have anything to do with the media itself.Example: They didn't 'uglify' Tyrion. Why not? Because it's easier to sympathise with an ugly dwarf on the page than on the screen.Regarding the camera work - I've noticed some of this in earlier episodes as well. Some weird in-scene cuts, or weird zoom-ins. I too doubt it was incompetence, just poor choices. Arya is an important character and this is an important scene in her development. They could have shot it conventionally but chose not to, which suggests they were happy with the result.Again - book readers could handle it then so could viewers. Most of them would forget what she'd done by next season and just be sad for the girl and what she undergoes on the road and in Harrenhal.It certainly wouldn't be hard to have shown her killing the stableboy on purpose and deliver that she is extremely devastated by this.Very good points. The question is - why didn't they do it like that? They had to have given a lot of thought to such a critical scene.
146	Athelstane	2011-06-08	Overall an excellent episode.  The lack of scouts for the Lannister camp was odd, and I am upset they didn't show Moat Cailen as the great ruinous swamp tower setup it is.  Also, why wasn't the Blackfish with Catelyn and Rodrick when they left the the Vale?  I dont recall if he was there to greet them when they first brought tyrion.
Also, the whole timeline of the events in the T.V. show seems skewed compared to the books.  I guess going from one medium to the other would do that, though.
The slight change of the nature of Dany/Drogos scenes was very well done.  Instead of wasting time explaining how one Khal fell upon another Khal etc they streamlined the whole process.  And Drogo willfully letting the dude nick him worked brilliantly.  Though Dany's over-zealous reaction to what appears to be a shallow skin cut was sorta dumb.
They still got alllloooot to cover in these last two episodes...
147	Morrigan	2011-06-08	The Blackfish has been cut and moved to S2, unfortunately.And yeah, Drogo's cut should have been nastier, this really was just a scratch, making the whole big deal about requiring a healer pretty silly... but that, and the hasty stableboy kill, are my only complains (and they're all directing decisions, not writing, so kudos to GRRM) in what is an otherwise fantastic episode with the best writing yet. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I hope they'll still show the Hound getting accepted into the Kingsguard though, I was sad to see that go. It's a pretty important scene so I'm assuming hoping they just moved it to E09.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 08 June 2011 - 04:08 PM.
148	Athelstane	2011-06-08	Another minor thing that caught my attention:
When Arya kills the stableboy, she grabs Needle and runs away, but leaves her training sword.  Her training sword features prominently in her scenes up until she kicks the shit out of Hot Pie.  I guess theyre either reworking that, or they just made an error.
149	Maithanet	2011-06-08	I enjoyed episode 8 a lot.  The one thing I really wish they hadn't cut was Tywin maneuvering the Mountain Clans to fight for him.  
In the books, he says they should fight for him, and offers decent weapons in return.  The Mountain men refuse, because Tyrion already offered him weapons in exchange for his life.  So Tywin starts praising both the Hill Tribes and the Northmen for their martial prowess.  He says that even his bravest knights fear to fight the Northerners, and if the Mountain Men are too afraid, then he understands.  The Hillmen immediately scoff at the Northmen, and agree to fight to prove their ferocity.  
It was a quick about face, but it made more sense than what they showed on screen, which is that the Hillmen seem to have no problem being conscripted into Tywin's army (??).  Plus, it showed what a snake charmer Tywin can be, which is important to establish early on.
Not a big deal, but I thought it was something of an important scene.
150	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-08	I agree; it's puzzling why that was changed. I'm sure Martin had a good reason though. I hope for the DVDs will get a whole bunch of commentary from him and the producers about everything. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> Perhaps they felt the need to shorten scene, and the mountain men aren't stupid. They can see Tywin and how rich and powerful Tywin is, so a chance to fight for him in exchange for all Tyrion promised them and more, doesn't seem too much of a stretch.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 08 June 2011 - 04:33 PM.
151	Morrigan	2011-06-08	That definitely seemed to be something that got trimmed for length, I'd say.
152	Captain Tripps	2011-06-08	Don't get it, it's not as if Martin described some supernatural sight of human-zombies hatching from purple chicken eggs. The thing we are discussing here is a human character, the concept is delivered the same whether it's through written word or filmed scene.There have been movies and tv series depicting children killers, from the top of my head The Wire and City of God are pretty strong on this. You can accept that certain circumstances lead to such extreme taboo behavior or you cannot - still it doesn't have anything to do with the media itself.Regarding the camera work - I've noticed some of this in earlier episodes as well. Some weird in-scene cuts, or weird zoom-ins. I too doubt it was incompetence, just poor choices. Again - book readers could handle it then so could viewers. Most of them would forget what she'd done by next season and just be sad for the girl and what she undergoes on the road and in Harrenhal.It certainly wouldn't be hard to have shown her killing the stableboy on purpose and deliver that she is extremely devastated by this.I think the point was, there's a difference between reading about a child making the decision to kill another child, and watching it.  People are going to react differently to that scenario based on the medium it's in, which is why adaptions don't simply use the book as a screen play.  You can't always film what you can write.If there was a scene with Arya getting raped over 2 or 3 pages, you imagine them spending a min or two on that?  Or simply showing her getting dragged into a room or bed before cutting away.
					
					
							Edited by Captain Tripps, 08 June 2011 - 07:34 PM.
153	Unnamed	2011-06-08	That topic has been done to death, but let me just say this: Arya kills a lot of people in cold blood for someone who is not a cold-blooded murderer.This is an interesting point. I think there is WAY too much of applying today's standards of morality/behavior to a story that's taking place, effectively, in the middle ages. In our world, if a person kills another person, it is a murder, and has a much higher shock value. In Westeros, there are clearly many situations where one person kills another and it isn't "murder". It may be justice; it may be self-defence; it may be expedience; it may be a well-countested tourney match...people killing people is a far less disturbing notion for this population.I would say that Arya absolutely is (or, at least, is on the way to becoming) a cold-blooded killer, but the word "murderer" makes the whole sentence surreal for me--I suddenly envision her character being tossed into something like Scarface. In the given context, that she is a cold-blooded killer doesn't necessarily equate to saying she is a bad person. In fact, I think we're seeing how the world is transforming her into the kind of Stark that can survive the events of the next few books, contrasted with what happens to the more moral/honorable ones.So, for the record, if we can change "murderer" to "killer", I would have no trouble agreeing with the statement, while simultaneously maintaining that she is by far my favorite character in the book. The child is not evil (my oversimplification of "cold-blooded murderer"), but she is TOUGH, and I have found her to be sympathetic from the start and all the way through the existing books.-VM
154	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-08	Don't get it, it's not as if Martin described some supernatural sight of human-zombies hatching from purple chicken eggs. The thing we are discussing here is a human character, the concept is delivered the same whether it's through written word or filmed scene.There have been movies and tv series depicting children killers, from the top of my head The Wire and City of God are pretty strong on this. You can accept that certain circumstances lead to such extreme taboo behavior or you cannot - still it doesn't have anything to do with the media itself.Example: They didn't 'uglify' Tyrion. Why not? Because it's easier to sympathise with an ugly dwarf on the page than on the screen.Regarding the camera work - I've noticed some of this in earlier episodes as well. Some weird in-scene cuts, or weird zoom-ins. I too doubt it was incompetence, just poor choices. Arya is an important character and this is an important scene in her development. They could have shot it conventionally but chose not to, which suggests they were happy with the result.Again - book readers could handle it then so could viewers. Most of them would forget what she'd done by next season and just be sad for the girl and what she undergoes on the road and in Harrenhal.It certainly wouldn't be hard to have shown her killing the stableboy on purpose and deliver that she is extremely devastated by this.Very good points. The question is - why didn't they do it like that? They had to have given a lot of thought to such a critical scene.As well as this series is done, we can't simply assume that every choice they made was the best.  Sure, some of the nitpicks we have on here are trivial and don't really bear on the actual quality of the show.  But the writers/producers/directors aren't PERFECT; they will make some odd choices, and it's okay if we disagree with them.  I mean, it is US they're trying to please.
155	kairparavel	2011-06-08	That topic has been done to death, but let me just say this: Arya kills a lot of people in cold blood for someone who is not a cold-blooded murderer.Maybe new people can breathe fresh life into topics done to death. Otherwise, we should just close out the tv, book and GC sections of the board.
156	gogorath	2011-06-08	Arya has plenty of chances to make the choice to consciously kill someone.  If the first one is kind of a "greedo shot first" sort of revision, it could be merely making this more of a progression.
157	Northern	2011-06-08	Another minor thing that caught my attention:When Arya kills the stableboy, she grabs Needle and runs away, but leaves her training sword.  Her training sword features prominently in her scenes up until she kicks the shit out of Hot Pie.  I guess theyre either reworking that, or they just made an error.I noticed that too. She also didn't grab a cloak from the trunk, which she used to hide Needle with a lot of the time. Yes, she can steal a cloak sometime later, but its much easier to take an item from your own open trunk.
158	halfwaygone	2011-06-08	That topic has been done to death, but let me just say this: Arya kills a lot of people in cold blood for someone who is not a cold-blooded murderer.Except for the first kill, which is grayish (it's self defense, but it's a kid just being a jerk not a grown man trying to do something terrifying to her), most of her "murders" are self defense. . . maybe not always immediate "That guy was going to kill me" self defense but in a broader sense. Some are vengeance, sure. I never got the sense she was killing just because she's bloodthirsty.I thought the scene with the boy was just fine. I've only recently read the books and that scene in the book went by in a blur for me too. . . so I felt the speed was appropriate, as was the actress playing Arya. The actor playing the boy kind of sucked, and that brought the scene down, but I feel kind of a jerk for critiquing the acting of an 8 year old in a bit part. And she isn't anywhere near cold-blooded YET. I think applying that to her first kill would be wrong. I don't think she gets anywhere near cold-blooded for awhile to come.
					
					
							Edited by halfwaygone, 08 June 2011 - 09:20 PM.
159	Jaxom 1974	2011-06-08	Just re-watched the episode and agree that Selmy was truly badass...I don't know the acor, but with his look, I thought to myself, "I'm Saul Motherfuckin' Teague."...but did anyone mention, I,m sure they did, that they forgot to put the Hound into Selmy's place...
160	snowzombie	2011-06-09	I remember the Arya and stableboy scene feeling a little off, just the editing beats not flowing together really well. I questioned it at the time...but decided that they wanted to show her first murder seeming almost like a mistake. She seems shocked that she's actually got him on the pointy end. It's a way to make her arc seem more sympathetic - she didn't want to start killing people but circumstances gave her no choice. 
By the end of AFFC she is punished for her killing, because she's no longer killing for survival but for revenge or retribution. She has to start far away from that to build up the drama.
161	Queen Dorothea	2011-06-09	I think it would be wiser to wait until the season is over to judge upon certain developments. 
I don't believe GRRM "forgot" that Sandor joins The KG.
Maybe Sansa will notice the white cloak next Ep and go "but you are no Knight" or summing.
162	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	More like she'll call him Ser and he'll scoff at her. We still need more Hound.
I'm pretty sure when Arya slit the guards throat at Harrenhal that wasn't exactly self defense. Or when she had Weese killed, or really any of the 3 kills she gets from Ja'quen. None of those were self defense.
163	halfwaygone	2011-06-09	I'm pretty sure when Arya slit the guards throat at Harrenhal that wasn't exactly self defense. Or when she had Weese killed, or really any of the 3 kills she gets from Ja'quen. None of those were self defense. I see the escape from Harrenhall as self defense (who knew what the bloody mummers were going to her?) so I see that kill as self defense. As I said, not immediate "This guy is going to kill me" self defense, but he was one of her captors. Weese was also one of her captors and had the potential to hurt her (and had often shown cruelty and an inclination to do so). The first whisper-guy, less so in a personal sense, but he was still one of her captors, and I'd have whispered his name after hearing what he'd previously done to his captives too.I consider any kills she makes in captivity or to avoid captivity pretty much self defense. Especially after she sees more of what can happen to captives. Mileage may vary, of course.. . Later . . . as she becomes empowered, it grows to be a different story.
					
					
							Edited by halfwaygone, 09 June 2011 - 09:46 AM.
164	gogorath	2011-06-09	I think it would be wiser to wait until the season is over to judge upon certain developments. I don't believe GRRM "forgot" that Sandor joins The KG.Maybe Sansa will notice the white cloak next Ep and go "but you are no Knight" or summing.It's definitely possible.But it's also possible that it was edited out.  Martin undoubtedly did a lot of editing of his original text just to get to the teleplay to a reasonable length.  But once the script is turned in, there's still a ton of changes made that the writer often/usually doesn't know about.  Even ignoring re-writes, things are often changed for production reasons (for example, the intended shot isn't working because say, the wolves aren't co-operating, so they re-jigger) and then the edit is done without Martin as well.  In other words, he may have written it.  But what he wrote didn't necessarily make it on screen as he wrote it.
165	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-09	More like she'll call him Ser and he'll scoff at her. We still need more Hound.It is known  /happy.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='^_^' /> After the fortnight-long wait for this episode, it's hard to believe Baelor is just a couple of days away; I feel spoilt!
166	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-09	So, I watched the episode again last night, and although I still noticed my nitpicks, I enjoyed the episode a lot more.  I'm still dubious that Syrio's blows could keep ALL of those guys down, but whatever.  He was the first sword of Braavos.  He's just that good.
Other than Hodor's "hodor," the scene I enjoyed much more this time was the scene between Osha and Bran.  I think it helped set their characters up well for next season.
I also really liked the scene where they bring the scout into Robb's tent.  When he says to let him go and Catelyn stands up and protests, the look Robb gives her is great.  And then Catelyn immediately looks down, knowing that she's overstepped her bounds.  She may have realized when she first saw Robb that he had become a lord, but it didn't fully sink in until he gave her that look.  Really well done.
167	GoTreviews	2011-06-09	I also really liked the scene where they bring the scout into Robb's tent. When he says to let him go and Catelyn stands up and protests, the look Robb gives her is great. And then Catelyn immediately looks down, knowing that she's overstepped her bounds. She may have realized when she first saw Robb that he had become a lord, but it didn't fully sink in until he gave her that look. Really well done.Agreed. They didn't only use the "Would that I could" line to show the viewer that, well, Robb was in charge now, and that Cat had to step back. However, like others have already said, I would have liked another character to shout at Robb for his decision to let the scout live. I mean, screaming at your lord, losing two fingers, having a good laugh about it, then trying again ? Didn't work that well for me.
168	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	I see the escape from Harrenhall as self defense (who knew what the bloody mummers were going to her?) so I see that kill as self defense. As I said, not immediate "This guy is going to kill me" self defense, but he was one of her captors. Weese was also one of her captors and had the potential to hurt her (and had often shown cruelty and an inclination to do so). The first whisper-guy, less so in a personal sense, but he was still one of her captors, and I'd have whispered his name after hearing what he'd previously done to his captives too.I consider any kills she makes in captivity or to avoid captivity pretty much self defense. Especially after she sees more of what can happen to captives. Mileage may vary, of course.. . Later . . . as she becomes empowered, it grows to be a different story.It's easy to justify each kill as self-defense if your definition encompasses anyone who could potentially harm her. If she had killed one of Lord Beric's men it would still have been self defense because she was a captive? I love Arya to death, but let's call a spade a spade. She's a sociopath, but an endearing sociopath. She's the daughter you want to have, except that she kills people without a second thought.
169	Unnamed	2011-06-09	I see the escape from Harrenhall as self defense...Based on earlier comments, this is clearly not a new debate. Rather than take another run around the same old circle of point/counterpoint, I'd like to take a more, um, metaphorical approach. For those of you on either side, please let me know if this has also already been done to death, and accept my apology in advance. Even so, it should at least have the advantage of not being as dull as these debates tend to be and, mayhaps, it will have some entertainment value of its own.[Version 1]Picture, if you will, a woodland scene (with magic surrounding it?). It is twilight, and the shadows of the trees are stretching and deepening. In the middle distance, we see a small family of deer, carefully padding between the trees, cropping leaves and nibbling berries. The family includes a small young fawn, eagerly munching his way further and further from his parents. Both adults are facing away and fail to notice the ditance growing between them and their offspring.Our view zooms out, and in the foreground, an adult wolf has spied the family of deer. As this is no ordinary forest, the wolf begins to speak to himself.WOLF: Look at those foolish deer, wandering around and chewing on twigs. Someone ought to...but wait--no, it couldn't be...yes, it is! Andrew Clovenfoot, the most obnoxious deer north of the river, and without his band of cronies. From the time I was a pup, how many of his jokes was I the butt of? How many of his veiled insults have I ignored? Today, ser Clovenfoot, you will learn something of respect. Your son will suffer the consequences of your foolishness.Silently, the wolf pads forward, head low, eyes locked on the wandering fawn, steadily closing the distance. Each step is measured, deliberate, quiet. Every rustle of leaves seems impossibly loud. As the wolf edges inexorably forward, the fawn pulls a leaf from a branch and chews eagerly. The concentration of the wolf on the small fawn is absolute, as the smell of deer flesh grows intoxicatingly strong. The wolf brushes past a dead sapling, little more than a stick with a few dry twigs branching from its top. A twig snaps, with an audible crack like a gunshot. Deer heads jerk up, ears twitching, leg muscles tensing. The wolf leaps forward, closing the distance to the fawn in two bounding strides. Deer spring forward, launching themselves into full flight, but the fawn is slammed to the ground by the crashing weight of an adult wolf. Jaws close on the front of its neck, clench, and with one pull rip away a large chunk of flesh and cartilage in a spray of blood. The wolf watches the fawn's eyes glaze over, in the shock that is nature's final mercy for prey animals, and arterial blood gushes into the leaves.The sound of ripping flesh stops the flight of the adult deer. Ser Andrew Clovenfoot, proud buck, turns and sees the fate of his fawn. He stares at the carnage with cold black eyes, tail twitching.BUCK: You! Even I would not have thought you could stoop so low.WOLF: You still dare fling insults at me? Your throat is unprotected, ser.BUCK: And you, ser, are nothing more than a cold-blooded murderer. I will see that you hang for this outrage.WOLF: You may try, but even the two-legged slaughterers will not convict me for defending my own life. Your loathsome offspring was trying to starve me to death.... and so forth and so on. Hopefully, you get the idea.[Version 2]Same story, but replace the dialogue above with the following:(Wolf spies deer family.)WOLF: Ah hah, I KNEW something smelled delicious. Uh oh, little fawn. It looks like you have wandered away from the protection of your parents. Have you a name? I think I'll call you "Lunch".(Wolf kills fawn and begins to feed.)WOLF: Hello, Lunch.DOE: Oh, my gods! That wolf just killed Herbert, and you just stood there and watched. What kind of buck are you?BUCK: Have you been licking frogs? That's a an adult grey wolf, a cold-blooded killer. If I step anywhere near it, I'll be as dead as Herbert. You think I should also die for your bad parenting? HOW MANY TIMES have I told you not to let the child wander away from us?....And they all lived happily ever after.So, in the context of the Arya discussion, it seems the question is whether the wolf is a cold-blooded murderer, or if he is merely acting in self-defense. Having read some arguments on either side, my question is this: What the fuck are you talking about? This debate seems as surreal to me as the ridiculous deer/wolf dialogue above. As a matter of fact, when I read the discussion, something like the scene above actually popped into my head. Except it was more elaborate, and included a herd of goats watching the scene and having a debate over whether the wolf was a cold-blooded murderer. [Yes, my mind actually works that way; Sigmund hisownself would have been hesitant to play Free Association with me.]For clarity, my opinion is that Arya is on her way to becoming a cold-blooded killer, and that this is in no way a criticism of her character. She is NOT an orphan trying to make her way on the streets of a big city. She is a child of a noble family, trying to survive in a world where the rules are far different from ours, and war is breaking out all around her. She is no closer to being a murderer (at least in the connotative sense that the term is being used here) than she is to being a computer programmer. She has a sense of honor and of fairness. She demonstrates loyalty. When she deems it necessary, she kills without compunction or remorse. She is a wolf. She is...[frantically flipping pages in the mental thesaurus]...simply magnificent.And no, you are NOT entitled to cross this bridge, because I DID say "mayhaps".-VM
170	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-09	Agreed. They didn't only use the "Would that I could" line to show the viewer that, well, Robb was in charge now, and that Cat had to step back. However, like others have already said, I would have liked another character to shout at Robb for his decision to let the scout live. I mean, screaming at your lord, losing two fingers, having a good laugh about it, then trying again ? Didn't work that well for me.I didn't at all get the impression that the Greatjon has his outbursts due to careful planning. He seems to be a highly emotional person that boils over when things get out of line. Therefor I think it was well in line with the character and the point that he learned his lesson the first time was shown with all clarity when he stepped down after Robb confronted him.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 09 June 2011 - 12:32 PM.
171	Unnamed	2011-06-09	She's a sociopath, but an endearing sociopath. She's the daughter you want to have, except that she kills people without a second thought.Now this just pisses me off. Before you call her a sociopath, you must first convince me that she is not a computer programmer.Even more to the point, ignoring the contextual issues, there ARE characters in ASOIF that meet the criteria for sociopathy...the Mountain comes to mind...I could make a decent case for Cersei...in fact, I could make a decent-sized list. Arya would not be on it.Arya is a killer, but she is a far different animal than Gregor Clegane (that's right; she's a wolf). And for the record, a true sociopath is endearing on purpose--it's how they lure their prey close enough to get a bite of liver. The really smart ones consciously mimic human emotions that they don't actually feel.As I implied above, if Arya is a sociopath, then so are the majority of the animals on the Discovery Channel.-VM
172	Alexia	2011-06-09	The Mountain is not a sociopath.  Your average sociopath, you couldn't tell the difference between a normal person and said sociopath.  Littlefinger is an example of a sociopath.  The Mountain has greater problems than merely being a sociopath.
173	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	Now this just pisses me off. Before you call her a sociopath, you must first convince me that she is not a computer programmer.Even more to the point, ignoring the contextual issues, there ARE characters in ASOIF that meet the criteria for sociopathy...the Mountain comes to mind...I could make a decent case for Cersei...in fact, I could make a decent-sized list. Arya would not be on it.Arya is a killer, but she is a far different animal than Gregor Clegane (that's right; she's a wolf). And for the record, a true sociopath is endearing on purpose--it's how they lure their prey close enough to get a bite of liver. The really smart ones consciously mimic human emotions that they don't actually feel.That's true, Gregor Clegane is pretty endearing.You can make whatever argument you want, it won't prove Arya isn't a sociopath.
174	Unnamed	2011-06-09	The Mountain is not a sociopath.  Your average sociopath, you couldn't tell the difference between a normal person and said sociopath.  Littlefinger is an example of a sociopath.  The Mountain has greater problems than merely being a sociopath.Actually, I agree: Your example is far better than mine.-VM
175	Unnamed	2011-06-09	That's true, Gregor Clegane is pretty endearing.You can make whatever argument you want, it won't prove Arya isn't a sociopath.[Old, tired response] Of course, everyone knows that it is impossible to prove a negative in this way. Rightfully, the burden should be on you to prove that she IS a sociopath.[Pointed response] As long as you are using your own personal definition of "sociopath", this will remain a true statement.Please Note: Even though I am new to this forum, I am NOT new to the way things are debated in them. If I felt some innate need for you to accept that my arguments have proved anything, I would be a fool to join in the discussion at all. Admittedly, I have long had this absurd fantasy that someone might, in response to one of my posts, say, "Wow, I never really thought of it that way. I need to think on this..." But decades pass, and foolish dreams go the way of all good things...[Key Point] Your statement is somewhat damning. "You can make whatever argument you want..." and it won't sway my opinion. Because I have already made up my mind, and I will pay no more attention to your argument than is required for me to fire of a pithy refutation. I have ears, but your arguments are merely distracting noises that I do not hear.The debate is only fun if both sides are willing to accept the possibility that the other might have a valid point to make. MY point is that we must evaluate Arya in the context of the imaginary world that GRRM has placed her into, which is different from the way we evaluate the obnoxious neighbor's children...and that a sociopath is someone who kills for sport or convenience. Arya kills for survival, or to gain her freedom, or to administer justice (Starks have been killing deserters of the Night's Watch for centuries). She is cold-blooded and remorseless, but how many characters have we seen in these books that spent any time wallowing in remorse after killing another character? In our world, a person killing another person is an atrocity. In their world, a high percentage of adults (esp nobility) have killed another person. Killing is an everyday fact of life. But only a few of them do it for sport, or for no good reason at all.And Arya is not in that group.QED: There are characters in these books who act like sociopaths, and Arya is not like them.-VM
176	Morrigan	2011-06-09	Great post, Unnamed.It's easy to justify each kill as self-defense if your definition encompasses anyone who could potentially harm her. If she had killed one of Lord Beric's men it would still have been self defense because she was a captive?Of course. Lord Beric and his men are outlaws who are holding her against her will to ransom her. If she feels threatened by that, and wanted to escape, why shouldn't she kill one of them if it helped her do that? Granted, in her ignorance she does not realize that she probably serves her own interest better by staying with them, but that would not make her motives for killing sociopathic.I love Arya to death, but let's call a spade a spade. She's a sociopath, but an endearing sociopath. She's the daughter you want to have, except that she kills people without a second thought.Do people even READ the Arya chapters at all? It's like they focus on the fact that she kills, and completely ignore all the rest, including her inner thoughts and her motivations. Which definitely are NOT remotely sociopathic. Sociopaths do not feel empathy, people. Sociopathy is defined as "a personality disorder characterized by the inability to form human attachment and an abnormal lack of empathy, masked by an ability to appear outwardly normal". This does NOT DESCRIBE ARYA IN ANY WAY. She does feel empathy, she does feel human attachment. In fact, most of the names on her "kill list" are people who hurt not only her, but others that she cares about (Gendry, Mycah), and sometimes even people she doesn't even care much but she still feels were treated unfairly (Lommy -> killed by Raff the Sweetling). Someone who feels no empathy wouldn't give two shits about Lommy being murdered by Raff, or that Gendry got beat up by Dunsen and had his helm stolen.Cersei is probably sociopathic to a degree. She feels attachment to her children, but that's about it. In AFFC 
	Spoiler she plots Margaery's downfall and Jon Snow's murder by asking the Kettleblack to seduce her and sleep with her, thus being sent to the Wall to murder Jon Snow, and then getting a royal pardon from Tommen and returning to King's Landing... and what is her thought process about this? Is it, "I find this plotting distasteful, but I have to, to eliminate my enemies and keep my children safer [in my mind]",? No, she congratulates herself at how "elegant" it is, and how she was born for doing this. And later on, Jaime sees her being so beautiful and going through the motions of showing kindness to others and he notices how she could really get people to love her whenever she bothered trying.

					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 09 June 2011 - 01:52 PM.
177	Unnamed	2011-06-09	It is worth noting that, at the point that the last book left off, Arya is basically being trained to be an assassin. Which means that, barring another unexpected plot twist, at some point she is going to be called upon to kill someone for no reason other than "this is your assignment". It think it will be interesting to see how she responds to that (and how she feels about it). Somehow, I suspect that they will never be able to rip the Arya Stark out of her.
And one way or another, such a "contract kill" will add a whole new angle to this question of Arya's moral character...it does seem that her church friends see her as a sociopath--or worse, a noblewoman--and they are trying to teach her that it's not okay to kill people that haven't been assigned. Arya Stark might have opinions about who deserves to live or die, but the faceless assassin would not. Deserve's got nothin to do with it.
-VM
178	Optimuswolf	2011-06-09	Can I add my voice to the chorus who really enjoyed this episode.  It was one juicy scene after another.
Slight gripes were 
the wight fight(just not scary, especially considering how well they did the opening of the book) and sure Ghost did more than scratch at the door!
Cutting of Tyrion's backstory.  However that bit could come at any point really and the audience is getting a pretty good idea of Tyrion's character anyway, even if he is too sympathetic IMO
One other thing I noticed was no Ned flashback and it got me to wondering how on earth they are going to give any hints to what may or may not have really happened between R+L.  I know that the depth of the backstory is one of the real strengths of the series and why places like this forum have thrived!
179	Rockroi	2011-06-09	I am consistently amazed by the intellectual leaps and bounds boarders will go to try to say that Arya's actions do not amount to a really, really horrible person being developed.  This is nt to say that given her situation that "desperate times do not call for desperate measures" but can't we just call a spade a spade?  I mean, its more than just her actions: its her extreme level of comfort with her actions.  When she kills the stable boy (probably justified) its a mere few moments later when she thinks "If I see the boy again, I'll kill him again."  When she wishes to escape Harranehal there is no desire to ascertain any way of escaping that WOULD NOT involve the cold-blooded killing of a guard.  I know that in this world, the death of one guard may be considered commonplace, its still shocking that not only would a nine-year old girl WANT to kill a guard (leave to the side the ability to do so), but that once she has done it, she's 100% cool with it, no regrets, nothing at all.  I just want to point out that the same people who think its cool that Arya slew the guard because she had to seem to be many of the same people who hate Jaime because he slew Arys for similar reasons.  Same is true for Tywim and Robb: in every case, sure, maybe they didn't HAVE to kill their victim, but all agree it was an easier and far more effective way to end things.  The notion that killing the guard is somehow (implausibly) self-defense is an absurdity on its face.  Unless she was under direct threat of eminent bodily harm, its basically her living in a world where she liked it better if the guard was dead.  Finally  we have DareonÂ<U+0092>s murder.  Basically, Cat does not like Daeron and wants his boots so she kills him.  The book never explicitly states this but that's pretty much what happened.From the book:DareonÂ<U+0092>s song was finally ending. As the last notes faded in the air, Lanna gave a sigh and the singer put his harp aside and pulled her up into his lap. He had just started to tickle her when Cat said loudly, Â<U+0093>ThereÂ<U+0092>s oysters, if anyone is wanting some,Â<U+0094> and MerryÂ<U+0092>s eyes popped open. Â<U+0093>Good,Â<U+0094> the woman said. Â<U+0093>Bring them in, child. Yna, fetch some bread and vinegar.Â<U+0094> The swollen red sun hung in the sky behind the row of masts when Cat took her leave of the Happy Port, with a plump purse of coins and a barrow empty but for salt and seaweed. Dareon was leaving too. He had promised to sing at the Inn of the Green Eel this evening, he told her as they strolled along together. Â<U+0093>Every time I play the Eel I come away with silver,Â<U+0094> he boasted, Â<U+0093>and some nights there are captains there, and owners.Â<U+0094> They crossed a little bridge, and made their way down a crooked back street as the shadows of the day grew longer. Â<U+0093>Soon I will be playing in the Purple, and after that the SealordÂ<U+0092>s Palace,Â<U+0094> Dareon went on. CatÂ<U+0092>s empty barrow clattered over the cobblestones, making its own sort of rattling music. Â<U+0093>Yesterday I ate herring with the whores, but within the year IÂ<U+0092>ll be having emperor crab with courtesans.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>What happened to your brother?Â<U+0094> Cat asked. Â<U+0093>The fat one. Did he ever find a ship to Oldtown? He said he was supposed to sail on the Lady Ushanora.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>We all were. Lord SnowÂ<U+0092>s command. I told Sam, leave the old man, but the fat fool would not listen.Â<U+0094> The last light of the setting sun shone in his hair. Â<U+0093>Well, itÂ<U+0092>s too late now.Â<U+0094> Â<U+0093>Just so,Â<U+0094> said Cat as they stepped into the gloom of a twisty little alley. By the time Cat returned to BruscoÂ<U+0092>s house, an evening fog was gathering above the small canal. She put away her barrow, found Brusco in his counting room, and thumped her purse down on the table in front of him. She thumped the boots down too. Martin, George R.R. (2005). A Feast for Crows: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Four (Kindle Locations 10789-10805). Bantam. Kindle Edition. Now, the book never explicitly states that Daeron is dead, but considering she has his boots just a mere sentence after we last saw him and that Cat followed him down a dark alley, its pretty clear what occurred.Self defense?  Hardly.  She just wanted him dead.
180	GoTreviews	2011-06-09	I didn't at all get the impression that the Greatjon has his outbursts due to careful planning. He seems to be a highly emotional person that boils over when things get out of line. Therefor I think it was well in line with the character and the point that he learned his lesson the first time was shown with all clarity when he stepped down after Robb confronted him.I get your point. Mine was only that, with two fingers gone, you'd think the lesson wouldn't need to be reminded so fast...
181	Morrigan	2011-06-09	I'm confused. I know this thread says "book spoilers", but are we supposed to spoiler-tag stuff that happen in LATER books, or not?I just want to point out that the same people who think its cool that Arya slew the guard because she had to seem to be many of the same people who hate Jaime because he slew Arys for similar reasons.  What? Not at all. Jaime was totally justified in killing Aerys.The notion that killing the guard is somehow (implausibly) self-defense is an absurdity on its face.  Unless she was under direct threat of eminent bodily harm, its basically her living in a world where she liked it better if the guard was dead.Did you per chance forget that 1) she's a ten year old child, not an adult with all the facts and 2) the Bloody Mummers and Roose Bolton scare the living shit out of her and she wants to escape from there at all cost? In her mind, it's definitely self-defense. She doesn't care much about the guard, no, but she kills him because she thinks it's necessary. Whether or not she's factually correct is irrelevant if you want to judge the morality of her motives, especially considering she's just an ignorant child.Finally  we have Dareonâ<U+0080><U+0099>s murder.  Basically, Cat does not like Daeron and wants his boots so she kills him.  The book never explicitly states this but that's pretty much what happened.Did you per chance miss the fact that he's a deserter of the Night's Watch and that his life was already forfeit? It's not self-defense, it's an execution.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 09 June 2011 - 02:10 PM.
182	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	Do people even READ the Arya chapters at all? It's like they focus on the fact that she kills, and completely ignore all the rest, including her inner thoughts and her motivations. Which definitely are NOT remotely sociopathic. Sociopaths do not feel empathy, people. Sociopathy is defined as "a personality disorder characterized by the inability to form human attachment and an abnormal lack of empathy, masked by an ability to appear outwardly normal". This does NOT DESCRIBE ARYA IN ANY WAY. She does feel empathy, she does feel human attachment. In fact, most of the names on her "kill list" are people who hurt not only her, but others that she cares about (Gendry, Mycah), and sometimes even people she doesn't even care much but she still feels were treated unfairly (Lommy -> killed by Raff the Sweetling). Someone who feels no empathy wouldn't give two shits about Lommy being murdered by Raff, or that Gendry got beat up by Dunsen and had his helm stolen.Actually I don't think Arya feels any empathy at all. It doesn't matter if her life was in danger or not. She hasn't felt real remorse for any of the people she's killed. On top of that, she's distinctly detached emotionally from all of her friends. Sure she seeks revenge for their death, but once her friends leave her she doesn't miss them at all.and for the record, I have had my opinion swayed by people on this board. I used to believe that Syrio lived, but now I've admitted that it was the wrong stance to take and now I believe he's dead.
					
					
							Edited by Cereal Forel, 09 June 2011 - 02:18 PM.
183	Unnamed	2011-06-09	Actually I don't think Arya feels any empathy at all....Then how do you explain her actions when she is NOT killing people? For instance, why did she save the 3 prisoners? You know, the act that put the faceless man in her debt? Sure, we didn't see thoughts in her head that were along the lines of "those people are going to burn, and I think that would hurt, and I sure wouldn't want it to happen to me, so maybe I should risk my own skin to save them..." Barring empathy, how do you explain her actions? She certainly had no way of knowing that one of them would "pay her back" so extravagantly.She is a child, and I think GRRM deliberately writes her in such a way that the thoughts attributed to her are far from sophisticated. He gives her thoughts that remind us that she is single-minded, determined, and angry. Nonetheless, I don't see how anyone could read the current set of books and NOT infer that she experiences empathy, at least on some occasions. This feeling of empathy is not explicitly announced by the text, but it seems an obvious inference, based on her actions.In the same situation, what would Lord Baelish have done? Easy answer, whatever he thought would be most likely to promote his self-interest, regardless of the consequences to other characters.-VM
184	Morrigan	2011-06-09	Actually I don't think Arya feels any empathy at all. Then why would she save the three men from the fire? Why would ask Jaqen to kill Chyswick after she heard him tell the story of Gregor's rape? Why would she feel tears when she learns that her brothers are dead? She even gave a dying man water, the one in the crow cage that no one cared about. She feels bad about Lady Smallwood losing her young son and apologizes to her for ruining her acorn dress. There are countless other examples of her showing empathy or emotion at people's suffering. but once her friends leave her she doesn't miss them at all.Really? From ASoS, after she leaves Hot Pie:She missed him more than she thought she wouldOops.(She, of course, desperately misses Jon Snow, her favourite brother.)
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 09 June 2011 - 02:48 PM.
185	Abaddon	2011-06-09	You can make whatever argument you want, it won't prove Arya isn't a sociopath.Sure, and despite any argument you might make, it won't prove she is, either.Personally, the only kill that really bothers me as a reader is her last one.  That's crossing a very dangerous line, IMHO.  I am very curious to (wait and wait and wait and) see what the next part of her journey looks like.
186	halfwaygone	2011-06-09	I love Arya to death, but let's call a spade a spade. She's a sociopath, but an endearing sociopath. She's the daughter you want to have, except that she kills people without a second thought.She shows remorse for many kills, even ones that were justified, which is not what a sociopath does. Later, she gets darker, but she didn't start out that way--I wouldn't consider her darkness a mental illness/pathology but the result of longterm abuse, captivity, and torture. So, in the context of the Arya discussion, it seems the question is whether the wolf is a cold-blooded murderer, or if he is merely acting in self-defense. Having read some arguments on either side, my question is this: What the fuck are you talking about? This debate seems as surreal to me as the ridiculous deer/wolf dialogue above.I don't see it as analogous to your description of the Wolf scene at all, honestly, so since I don't accept the premise, not much discussion can be had of the finer points. Throughout most of the series, Ayra is solely acting in self defense. Until she goes to Essos. Then, her story changes a bit. I still find it a stretch to call her simply a "cold-blooded killer" or to say most of her kills are done in cold blood.The kill with the guard, in particular, I 100% completely understand and endorse as self defense. He was one of her captors. I also think conflating Early Ayra with Current Ayra is an issue. The Ayra we're seeing in GoT (and I'd argue the Ayra we get through MOST of the first three books) is just trying to survive the atrocities and get home to her mother. What she becomes because of the atrocoties is a different story, of course, and up for more debate. I just want to point out that the same people who think its cool that Arya slew the guard because she had to seem to be many of the same people who hate Jaime because he slew Arys for similar reasons.Well, Jaime is not a pre-teen girl, and Ayra never took the highest oath of the land in swearing to PROTECT anyone she's killed. Though, knowing what we learn later, I'm cool with his killing Aerys. I get why it looked bad though. And I like Jaime (after the later books give me reason to) too. The notion that killing the guard is somehow (implausibly) self-defense is an absurdity on its face. Unless she was under direct threat of eminent bodily harm, its basically her living in a world where she liked it better if the guard was dead.She killed him to escape brutal captivity. Do you think if you were kidnapped, kept in a house with your fate a mystery (all the while seeing cruel torture and hearing whispers of crueler fates to come once the NEW people are put in charge) and kept there against your will, you'd be arrested for murder if you killed someone in order to escape to safety? Actually I don't think Arya feels any empathy at all. It doesn't matter if her life was in danger or not. She hasn't felt real remorse for any of the people she's killed.Then you missed a lot of her chapters, particularly in the early parts, because she very clearly feels remorse. Unless you think she knows someone is reading and is trying to trick us with her inner thoughts. . . She also does lots of things to HELP people throughout her chapters, as other posters have said.
187	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	Then why would she save the three men from the fire? Why would ask Jaqen to kill Chyswick after she heard him tell the story of Gregor's rape? Why would she feel tears when she learns that her brothers are dead? She even gave a dying man water, the one in the crow cage that no one cared about. She feels bad about Lady Smallwood losing her young son and apologizes to her for ruining her acorn dress. There are countless other examples of her showing empathy or emotion at people's suffering.Really? From ASoS, after she leaves Hot Pie:Oops.I should rephrase. She doesn't feel empathy for those she's killed, as in she feels no remorse. Let's not get too worked up here, we are discussing the intentions of a fictional character in a book here. Here are the symptoms of being a sociopath1. failure to conform to social norms with respect to lawful behaviors as indicated by repeatedly performing acts that are grounds for arrest;2  deception, as indicated by repeatedly lying, use of aliases, or conning others for personal profit or pleasure;3. impulsiveness or failure to plan ahead;4. irritability and aggression, as indicated by repeated physical fights or assaults;5. reckless disregard for safety of self or others;6. consistent irresponsibility, as indicated by repeated failure to sustain consistent work behavior or honor financial obligations;7. lack of remorse, as indicated by indifference to or rationalizing having hurt, mistreated, or stolen from another;Emphasis bolded by me. Some don't apply because we're in Westeros and not real life, but she fits the rest of those symptoms to a T
188	Morrigan	2011-06-09	*facepalm* Sociopaths don't feel empathy AT ALL. For anyone. Her "impulsiveness and failure to plan ahead" is a sign that she's a CHILD, not a sociopath, for fuck's sake. And she does plan ahead, she plans her escape from Harrenhal pretty well for a ten year old child (in fact, almost too well for her age, really). Then she tries to figure out the map to go to Riverrun and looks at the moss on trees to find the north.And... are you seriously suggesting that her hiding of her identity and her use of nicknames is a sign of sociopathy? Seriously? If so, I give up. This is just beyond retarded.(I mean, I guess Sansa shows a sign of sociopathy when she's being Alayne Stone. Right? Right? /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />)
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 09 June 2011 - 02:53 PM.
189	Abaddon	2011-06-09	How convenient; you left out the part that indicates that the individual must be 18 years or older for this diagnosis  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />.  And it's NOT "sociopath", it's Antisocial Personality Disorder, a much broader and less perjoritive term.
190	Kalbear	2011-06-09	I wouldn't consider her darkness a mental illness/pathology but the result of longterm abuse, captivity, and torture.I don't see why this matters. Though to be fair it's not like she was a normal kid to start with; she was very much outside the norms of Westerosi girls, having no desire to conform with the other women's views well before any major trauma set in. Anyway - there are plenty of topics for Arya's sociopathy or APD or whatever you'd like to call it. This isn't that germane to the show discussion; can we move it over there?
191	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	Calm down, christ. There's no reason to get worked up, it takes all the fun out of it (and it tempts me to provoke further, which I don't want to do). If you aren't having any fun then maybe step back and take a breather. Arya is my 3rd favorite character in the series, I'm not insulting her  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> 
All I did was provide the diagnosis. She lines up pretty well. You'll also notice that a lack of empathy is nowhere to be found. In real life you might have to be 18 to be diagnosed, but in Westeros people get "bedded" at 13, I think things are a tad different there.
192	halfwaygone	2011-06-09	I don't see why this matters. Though to be fair it's not like she was a normal kid to start with; she was very much outside the norms of Westerosi girls, having no desire to conform with the other women's views well before any major trauma set in. Anyway - there are plenty of topics for Arya's sociopathy or APD or whatever you'd like to call it. This isn't that germane to the show discussion; can we move it over there?I thought my comments related to the show because people are putting Book 4 Arya attributes into Book 1 Arya as they watch the show, and I don't think that's how it works, really. Book 4 Arya is a product of her experiences, which Book 1 Ayra hasn't had. I disagree that being "different from other girls" or wanting to learn swordplay and not liking needlework is a sign of being a sociopath or being "cold blooded" and I also disagree that Book 1 Arya (the show Ayra!) has any of the traits being discussed. Yes, she didn't want to be a Lady. That didn't mean she wanted to be an assassin then either. It was a lot of experiences culminating that set her on that path.
193	Morrigan	2011-06-09	Calm down, christ. There's no reason to get worked up, it takes all the fun out of it (and it tempts me to provoke further, which I don't want to do). If you aren't having any fun then maybe step back and take a breather. Arya is my 3rd favorite character in the series, I'm not insulting her  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />I don't care that you're insulting her or not, I just find your arguments to be hopelessly retarded. Sorry.All I did was provide the diagnosis. She lines up pretty well.Yeah, she does, 3 out of 7, wow, compelling... and those 3 are only "lining up" if you put blinders on and ignore context. You actually highlighted her use of aliases, as if it was further evidence that she's a sociopath. I mean, really now. Do I really have to explain why this argument is utterly frivolous?You'll also notice that a lack of empathy is nowhere to be found.Yeah and I'm not sure where you got that list from. It's definitely here, here, here, hell just google sociopath empathy and you'll see it everywhere. Lack of empathy is one of the most significant symptom of sociopathy, and Arya does feel empathy.
194	denstorebog	2011-06-09	Calm down, christ. There's no reason to get worked up, it takes all the fun out of it (and it tempts me to provoke further, which I don't want to do).That is... an awesome display of skewed logic right there. "I want you to calm down, because if you don't calm down, I'll have to do something that'll make you less likely to calm down even though I don't want to".All I did was provide the diagnosis. She lines up pretty well. You'll also notice that a lack of empathy is nowhere to be found. In real life you might have to be 18 to be diagnosed, but in Westeros people get "bedded" at 13, I think things are a tad different there. And the same: You diagnose someone using modern standards, and when part of it doesn't apply, you point out the uselessness of using modern standards. Thread over. You fail, the other guys win.
					
					
							Edited by denstorebog, 09 June 2011 - 03:37 PM.
195	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-09	[mod] Keep it civil, please. [/mod]
Further, there are already threads available in the book forums to discuss The Question of Arya's Mental State. Please take them there.
196	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	I don't care that you're insulting her or not, I just find your arguments to be hopelessly retarded. Sorry.You're no fun at all. I haven't resorted to insulting your intelligence. If you don't see her actions as even a little bit sociopathic, then there's really no hope. She'll always remain my favorite little sociopath.
197	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	That is... an awesome display of skewed logic right there. "I want you to calm down, because if you don't calm down, I'll have to do something that'll make you less likely to calm down even though I don't want to".It's not skewed logic at all. People who get fired up over trivial stuff cause me to want to see how far they can be provoked. I don't want the thread to get locked or anybody to get banned, so I'm asking him to calm down.This is the internet after all, it's serious business.
198	denstorebog	2011-06-09	People who get fired up over trivial stuff cause me to want to see how far they can be provoked. I don't want the thread to get locked or anybody to get banned, so I'm asking him to calm down.So they have to calm down because... you're a force of nature with no control over what you're doing?Seriously man, I just wanted to skim the thread and see what people thought of the ep. In you, I found a treasure trove.
199	Unnamed	2011-06-09	I don't see it as analogous to your description of the Wolf scene at all, honestly, so since I don't accept the premise, not much discussion can be had of the finer points. Throughout most of the series, Ayra is solely acting in self defense. Until she goes to Essos. Then, her story changes a bit. I still find it a stretch to call her simply a "cold-blooded killer" or to say most of her kills are done in cold blood.The kill with the guard, in particular, I 100% completely understand and endorse as self defense. He was one of her captors. Well, I was trying to make a point through the use of some, uh, poetic license. The Stark sigil is, after all, a giant prehistoric wolf. Nonetheless, it certainly isn't worth arguing about.For the most part, I agree with the various points that you're making. The only real bone of contention between us is an apparent assumption that the only justification for killing someone is self-defence, and you seem to be continually expanding the definition of self-defence in order to apply it to every situation. I think, particularly in this imaginary world, that you can kill people for reasons other than self-defense, without necessarily being a sociopath/cold-blooded murderer. Still, we are more in agreement than in disagreement...I also want to comment on the last killing. Personally, I have always thought that Arya was undecided about our minstrel sociopath (sorry, couldn't resist) at the beginning of the conversation. I think he sealed his fate when he mentioned Lord Snow, the brother that Arya was closest to...the brother who gave her Needle. Without GRRM having to include us in her thoughts, I felt I knew what they were. First of all, just hearing his name mentioned probably "cut deeper than swords". Even worse, though, hearing him being dissed by this self-important fop, this deserter...it seemed to me that she probably killed him without thinking much about it. The narrative jump-cut seemed, to me, to emphasize the fact that she reacted to this outrage without a whole lot of thought. The B-movie version would have been the screen fading to red...One final point: As rare as we like to think that it is, the cold reality is that even in our "civilized" society, people kill other people every day, and the majority of them (the killers, I mean) are not sociopaths. Certainly, a great many are not nice people. What annoys me is the general sense that Arya is a fierce killer = Arya is a sociopath. And listing diagnostic criteria from any version of the DSM doesn't help. The diagnostic criteria in the DSM are, by definition, in comparison to the norms of our world. I am quite sure that the DSM at the Citadel includes a different set of criteria, based on the norms of Westeros society. More generally, the criteria are an attempt to create a checklist for identifying examples of a general type. The essense of this general type which we call a sociopath is the general lack of feeling for other humans, empathetic or otherwise. The prototypical sociopath sees other living creatures (human or animal) as no more significant than a colony of ants. And they are notorious for "experimenting" with living creatures because they are fascinated/amused by their pain. A true sociopath will kill a person for nothing more than the entertainment value of watching their suffering. Arya most certainly carries a lot of anger, resentment, and even hate everywhere she goes. But her behavior is not that of someone who sees other people as insignficant, meaningless "ants", to be killed, or not, at her whimsy.I'll be the first to admit that Arya Stark would struggle in our public school system. But this notion of her as a sociopath is just surreal (neatly taking us back to where I started in this thread--please go back to my first post and just keep reading them in order as an endless circle).-VM
200	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	So they have to calm down because... you're a force of nature with no control over what you're doing?Seriously man, I just wanted to skim the thread and see what people thought of the ep. In you, I found a treasure trove.Well I'm glad at least someone else is enjoying themselves and it's not just me /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' /> I hope you'd give me a little more credit than thinking what I've put out here is hard evidence. Anyone who's read the books would know most of what I've posted is at least somewhat in contradiction to the books. If there was hard evidence one way or another there'd be no debate. GRRM is a better author than that.I do think she shows sociopathic tendencies, but I also think most of her kills are justified within Westerosi standards. I think I've even argued that in the past. She might not start out that way, but by the end she definitely is. She kills Dareon for his boots, we even have it from her own POV. She didn't kill him because he was a deserter, even though he was. She straight up murdered him because she felt like it.
201	Unnamed	2011-06-09	Further, there are already threads available in the book forums to discuss The Question of Arya's Mental State. Please take them there.Sorry, saw this after my last post...going back to the real topic...could someone remind me what that was again? Something to do with a TV show?-VM
202	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	Speaking of Arya, I thought this was Maisie William's worst episode /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> She's been so stellar for the rest of them, but her lines didn't quite resonate this episode, not that she had much to work with.
203	Unnamed	2011-06-09	Speaking of Arya, I thought this was Maisie William's worst episode /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> She's been so stellar for the rest of them, but her lines didn't quite resonate this episode, not that she had much to work with.Actually, I thought it was an excellent performance, for the very reason that you stated. Without a lot of dialog, she had to convey her character through facial expressions and such, and I thought it was an impressive performance for any child actor.We can quibble over the way the episode was written...specifically, whether she killed the stableboy by accident or deliberately, but it is irrelevant to her performance. She has said that her understanding of the scene was that it happened more by accident or reflex, followed by shock at what she had done. Given that this was the scene she was directed to portray--rightly or wrongly--I give the performance a thumbs up. For me, she becomes more the "real" Arya in my imagination with each episode. I now find it hard to remember what she used to look like in my mind.-VM
					
					
							Edited by Unnamed, 09 June 2011 - 04:14 PM.
204	Abaddon	2011-06-09	Any possible poor acting by Arya was completely overshadowed by the awful stableboy acting.  Yikes.
205	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-09	For those who want to talk about Arya's mental state, here is a thread that was started less than a month ago on that very topic: Arya is not psychotic
206	denstorebog	2011-06-09	So far the stableboy is the Jake Lloyd of GoT. Or maybe Micah is. "She-asked-me-to-milord-she-asked-me-to." At least they relegate these kids to the minor roles.
But yes, this was Maisie's worst episode. I have noticed her tendency to overact on rare occasions, and it was unfortunately pretty prominent in this episode.
					
					
							Edited by denstorebog, 09 June 2011 - 04:40 PM.
207	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-09	Any possible poor acting by Arya was completely overshadowed by the awful stableboy acting.  Yikes.You ain't joking.  That kid was terrible (sorry, if you or your parents are reading this.  Keep trying!).  I also agree that this wasn't a shining moment for Maisie Williams.  Her interaction with Syrio seemed stiff and unnatural, when she's seemed so fluid in past episodes.
208	Unnamed	2011-06-09	But yes, this was Maisie's worst episode. I have noticed her tendency to overact on rare occasions, and it was unfortunately pretty prominent in this episode.Admittedly, I happen to love old kung fu movies, so I suspect that my personal threshold for overacting is somewhat higher than yours. So, when you say "tendency to overact", I can't help but re-imagine the stableboy scene with Bruce Lee in the Arya role...Arya's questing hand finally locates the reassuring solidity of needle's grip. In one lightning-fast motion, she whips the sword from the chest, and rests the pointy end on the stableboy's solar plexus. The camera zeroes in on her face as, at the same moment, she realizes that the candy bar she ate an hour ago was actually 16 adult doses of Ex Lax. Her lips draw into an O of surprise and we hear high-pitched cries of "oooooh aye...".Jump-cut to Needle, sliding into the stable-boy's abdomen. Jump-cut back to Arya's face. Off-camera, one of the crew has snuck up behind her and attached electrodes to the actor's testicles (remember, the character is female, but the actor is Bruce Lee). Arya's face contorts into a rictus of pain for a full five seconds, with the high-pitched cries slowly fading, until somewhere, mercifully, a fuse blows. We see Arya's facial muscles slowly relax, immediately followed by the dawning realization that, somewhere in the midst of the various electrical muscle contractions, the Ex Lax has done its worst...And, amazingly, Bruce Lee was an internationally acclaimed actor. Of course, it wasn't really his acting that people wanted to see...nonetheless, after "watching" his version of the scene, I find Maisie's version to be well within the bounds of believability. Especially for a child actor in her first major role and, perhaps significantly, with no training in martial arts. For the record, my threshold for overacting would be triggered if, in the middle of the scene, I suddenly thought, "Wait a minute, that's not Arya. That's some actor pretending to be her. Where's the manager?"All silliness aside, I really do think that any complaints about her acting in this episode must be based on comparison to an incredibly high standard. Given the amazingly high quality of HBO's production of GOT so far, I just can't bring myself to support this critique. Just about every minute of the show, I find that I am "in the story", and scarcely aware that I'm watching actors. At least, until the Wicked Witch of the North shows up...[ahem] I mean, Catelyn...-VM
209	Unnamed	2011-06-09	You ain't joking.  That kid was terrible (sorry, if you or your parents are reading this.  Keep trying!).  I also agree that this wasn't a shining moment for Maisie Williams.  Her interaction with Syrio seemed stiff and unnatural, when she's seemed so fluid in past episodes.And this is just mean. Are you sure the kid was THAT bad? How many stableboys have you seen being stabbed to death in real life? How did they act differently?We're talking about a five-second part for an unnamed character with, what, 2 lines? Were you expecting Morgan Freeman? [someone else will have to write THAT scene.] Okay, so admittedly, it could have been better. But "terrible"? Please refer to my previous post. I don't recall Bruce Lee ever dying in a movie, but I am confident that it would have been, um, impressive.How can you watch this episode (or how many times do you have to watch it) to come away saying, "Well, it would have been pretty good if it weren't for that AWFUL stableboy"? Okay, you didn't say that, but it sure seemed like you were implying it.-VM
210	israfel070	2011-06-09	The episode as a whole got my first 10/10. Probably my biggest letdown so far was the Arya direction. I remember being so excited by Maisie's pitch-perfect acting on the Kingsroad, especially that moment when Joff is under her blade and we see a flash of a darker side in her eyes. This week's scene felt like the director (or maybe PR-worried producers) threw away the chance to continue that amazing foreshadowing.
Aside from that, I'm incredibly happy with this ep!!
No Ned Tower of Joy dream or attempt to write Jon, though. Unless they put something in the next episode (Ned's final words??), I'm going to be very confused about that choice.
211	Cyclone49	2011-06-09	I thought this week's episode was possibly the best so far, I enjoyed it immensely. Can't believe there are only two episodes to go... I suspect next week will be jawdropping. Robb really came into his own this episode, I've always been slightly iffy on his portrayal so far but I'm absolutely sold now. Awesome to finally see Shagga too, he was always one of my favourite minor characters. And heaps of direwolf action too, I was very pleased by that.
Though that was far more of Hodor than ever I wanted to see...
212	elmis	2011-06-10	The stableboy could have been older, and a bit better acted, that's the only scene in this ep I had any issues with.
213	Raventhal	2011-06-10	What was the deal with Drogo's wound being nerfed.  In the book he was missing a nipple with a chest flap.  I guess they're going to be setting up that priest is going to be slowly killing him instead of him having a bad wound.
214	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-10	What was the deal with Drogo's wound being nerfed.  In the book he was missing a nipple with a chest flap.  I guess they're going to be setting up that priest is going to be slowly killing him instead of him having a bad wound.It should be Mirri killing him in the book as well since her helping the Dothraki makse no sense at all after we've heard her motivations for the ritual. They are probably just making that more clear (even though a bad infection will kill you regardless of the size of the wound).
215	Unnamed	2011-06-10	No Ned Tower of Joy dream or attempt to write Jon, though. Unless they put something in the next episode (Ned's final words??), I'm going to be very confused about that choice.Just wanted to take a moment to thank you for typing out the words "Ned Tower of Joy dream" in your post. I've been scratching my head over references to TOJ for some time now. At first glance, I thought maybe someone had a teeth-grinding problem, but no, that would be TMJ. Then I thought, Tyrion Outs Jon. But wait, Jon's not gay, is he? Hold on, there were quite a few quotes from Thorne that seemed to imply that he had knowledge of a gay relationship between Sam and Jon, and this seems to be the accepted way to reveal gay relationships in ASOIF... /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I completely understand the use of all these abbreviations (while still finding aCoK to be a lamentable result). But the real downside is that the forum starts to look like some abstruse debate over the actions of a bunch of government agencies.-VM
216	Unnamed	2011-06-10	It should be Mirri killing him in the book as well since her helping the Dothraki makse no sense at all after we've heard her motivations for the ritual. They are probably just making that more clear (even though a bad infection will kill you regardless of the size of the wound).For what it's worth, I never had a problem with the progression as written. She helps Drogo because that's what she does, in the same way that a doctor will work to save a wounded bank robber, just on principle. And at the time that she renders assistance, she is not yet aware of the Stallion Who Mounts the World.Later, she has gotten to know Drogo, Dany, et al, heard a little of their future plans, and is offended enough to break her witch-doctor equivalent of a hippocratic oath. Even then, her actions are more directed at allowing the characters to hurt themselves. And as I recall, she does make some effort to talk Dany out of the whole Reanimator scenario.Also, while I agree that the TV wound could certainly be deadly, I find that I also agree with earlier posters that this whimpy-looking wound makes Dany's concern seem less jutified. Given the Dothraki culture, you would think the men would be sporting minor wounds every time they disagreed over who gets the first horse testicle. In the TV version, Dany seems a little more like Drogo's over-protective mother. Whereas, if he standing there with half the skin on his chest flapping, pretty much anyone would say, "Dude, you should put a bandaid on that. If you keep parading around your chest muscle, we're all gonna toss our horse-balls."-VM
217	Vuron	2011-06-10	Also, while I agree that the TV wound could certainly be deadly, I find that I also agree with earlier posters that this whimpy-looking wound makes Dany's concern seem less jutified. Given the Dothraki culture, you would think the men would be sporting minor wounds every time they disagreed over who gets the first horse testicle. In the TV version, Dany seems a little more like Drogo's over-protective mother. Whereas, if he standing there with half the skin on his chest flapping, pretty much anyone would say, "Dude, you should put a bandaid on that. If you keep parading around your chest muscle, we're all gonna toss our horse-balls."-VMThat wound might not be very big, but it looked very deep on a rewatch.  It opened up and appeared to go almost to the bone.  Maybe not much by Dothraki standards, but I'd be in some serious pain.  A wound like that would become infected very easily in that time and place... even if they do look way to clean for horse soldiers.
218	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-10	For what it's worth, I never had a problem with the progression as written. She helps Drogo because that's what she does, in the same way that a doctor will work to save a wounded bank robber, just on principle. And at the time that she renders assistance, she is not yet aware of the Stallion Who Mounts the World.Later, she has gotten to know Drogo, Dany, et al, heard a little of their future plans, and is offended enough to break her witch-doctor equivalent of a hippocratic oath. Even then, her actions are more directed at allowing the characters to hurt themselves. And as I recall, she does make some effort to talk Dany out of the whole Reanimator scenario.Also, while I agree that the TV wound could certainly be deadly, I find that I also agree with earlier posters that this whimpy-looking wound makes Dany's concern seem less jutified. Given the Dothraki culture, you would think the men would be sporting minor wounds every time they disagreed over who gets the first horse testicle. In the TV version, Dany seems a little more like Drogo's over-protective mother. Whereas, if he standing there with half the skin on his chest flapping, pretty much anyone would say, "Dude, you should put a bandaid on that. If you keep parading around your chest muscle, we're all gonna toss our horse-balls."-VMWhen Dany asks why she betrayed her Mirri answers that she was already dead when Dany "saved" her and that living past that point wasn't even something she desired. As I see it she doesn't just betray Dany because of her son, she wants to destroy the people that destroyed her people and scarred her so badly both physically and mentally that she sees no reason to live. If she just wanted to stop the Stallion that Mounts the World that was already done after the child died and Drogo became a vegetable. There wasn't really any need to make a point of that Dany would be infertile forever, although Mirri certainly seems to take joy in that part of the revenge. As for the wound, it certainly wasn't that much to fuss about but Dany still isn't really a badass around violence yet and Drogo is her entire life at that point so it's not that strange to see Dany having unusual concern for a wound, which makes the scene still work for me. Drogo here seems badass in the way that no one can even hurt him unless he allows it, rather than showing the fortitude to ignore big wounds. He seems quite stupid when he doesn't want his huge book wound taken care of though since he should know what happens with big open wounds in filthy environments.
219	Unnamed	2011-06-10	That wound might not be very big, but it looked very deep on a rewatch.  It opened up and appeared to go almost to the bone.  Maybe not much by Dothraki standards, but I'd be in some serious pain.  A wound like that would become infected very easily in that time and place... even if they do look way to clean for horse soldiers.Just to be clear, I don't disagree that the TV wound could believably lead to subsequent events. It's just that Dany's reaction seemed more appropriate to the book wound than the TV wound. Obviously, we're splitting the hairs pretty fine here, either way.When Dany asks why she betrayed her Mirri answers that she was already dead when Dany "saved" her and that living past that point wasn't even something she desired. As I see it she doesn't just betray Dany because of her son, she wants to destroy the people that destroyed her people and scarred her so badly both physically and mentally that she sees no reason to live. If she just wanted to stop the Stallion that Mounts the World that was already done after the child died and Drogo became a vegetable. There wasn't really any need to make a point of that Dany would be infertile forever, although Mirri certainly seems to take joy in that part of the revenge.Your reconstruction of the timeline clearly demonstrates you've reread more recently than I have. While accepting that all of your points are valid, I will only point out that (at least, according to my memory), in the initial exchanges, Mirri presents herself as a "Hippocratic Oath" type of healer. [Dammit, Jim, I know he just raped a bunch of children, but the man is injured and I can help him.]In light of the points that you've made, I still see several equally likely possibilities. It could be that she is nursing a grudge from the beginning, but concealing it to allow her to get close enough to Dani to allow her to enact her dastardly scheme for revenge. OR it could be that her attitude changes over the time she is with the Dothraki (based on what she learns of them, or just based on emotionally coming to grips with what has happened to her), and she is describing her earlier state based on, not how she felt at the time, but on how she feels now, after having had time for her resentment to fester. I tend to favor the second interpretation, primarily because I believe that her initial treatment of Drogo's wound would have allowed it heal, if he had followed her instructions. Admittedly, it is equally possible that she poisoned him with the initial treatment--and it definitely looks like the TV show may tell the story this way--and his disobedience actually prolonged his life (or had no effect at all). I don't think we'll manage to "prove" either scenario, but the second "feels" like a more natural fit, based on my reading of the narrative.As for the wound....He seems quite stupid when he doesn't want his huge book wound taken care of though since he should know what happens with big open wounds in filthy environments.This is an excellent point. I had not really given it much thought, but yeah, you would think that the Dothraki would have some awareness of the dangers of infected wounds. Then again, in that culture, they could have thought that the way to prevent infection is to sacrifice a horse and bathe in the blood or some such. Although, given the level of success they've achieved, I lean towards a more practical approach--sticking a flaming brand into the wound, for instance. Of course, either one would have made the following events problematic. I envision Mirri approaching Drogo to treat the wound and him saying, "Get away from me with your sheep goo. Jhogo, bring me a horse/flaming brand..." That is, if the Dothraki had a "traditional" way of preventing infection, Drogo would be far less likely to let Dany foist a slave healer on him. He seemed to think she was overreacting, anyway.All that being said, I still maintain that they should have made the TV wound more like the book wound. Yes, you make valid points, but the book wound would have looked cooler, and this is a fictional story. Did you see Apocalypto? By the end, that dude was like Swiss cheese, and he STILL ran like a deer. Of course, that movie was not subect to nearly the type of intense scrutiny that we've been subjecting HBO's series to. Just trying to maintain a little perspective.-VM
220	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-10	Your reconstruction of the timeline clearly demonstrates you've reread more recently than I have. While accepting that all of your points are valid, I will only point out that (at least, according to my memory), in the initial exchanges, Mirri presents herself as a "Hippocratic Oath" type of healer. [Dammit, Jim, I know he just raped a bunch of children, but the man is injured and I can help him.]In light of the points that you've made, I still see several equally likely possibilities. It could be that she is nursing a grudge from the beginning, but concealing it to allow her to get close enough to Dani to allow her to enact her dastardly scheme for revenge. OR it could be that her attitude changes over the time she is with the Dothraki (based on what she learns of them, or just based on emotionally coming to grips with what has happened to her), and she is describing her earlier state based on, not how she felt at the time, but on how she feels now, after having had time for her resentment to fester. I tend to favor the second interpretation, primarily because I believe that her initial treatment of Drogo's wound would have allowed it heal, if he had followed her instructions. Admittedly, it is equally possible that she poisoned him with the initial treatment--and it definitely looks like the TV show may tell the story this way--and his disobedience actually prolonged his life (or had no effect at all). I don't think we'll manage to "prove" either scenario, but the second "feels" like a more natural fit, based on my reading of the narrative.Yes, it's pretty open to interpretation as what she does appears to be the correct treatment. I just put it in different context when Mirri reveals her true opinions. Drogo takes off the poultice when it itches too much and itching can definitely be a sign of healing. Still, Drogo has plenty of scars in the book so he should know how a healing itch feels, so it doesn't have to be healing. But as said, I think it's something open to interpretation so I won't say that you are wrong, just that I see it differently.This is an excellent point. I had not really given it much thought, but yeah, you would think that the Dothraki would have some awareness of the dangers of infected wounds. Then again, in that culture, they could have thought that the way to prevent infection is to sacrifice a horse and bathe in the blood or some such. Although, given the level of success they've achieved, I lean towards a more practical approach--sticking a flaming brand into the wound, for instance. Of course, either one would have made the following events problematic. I envision Mirri approaching Drogo to treat the wound and him saying, "Get away from me with your sheep goo. Jhogo, bring me a horse/flaming brand..." That is, if the Dothraki had a "traditional" way of preventing infection, Drogo would be far less likely to let Dany foist a slave healer on him. He seemed to think she was overreacting, anyway.All that being said, I still maintain that they should have made the TV wound more like the book wound. Yes, you make valid points, but the book wound would have looked cooler, and this is a fictional story. Did you see Apocalypto? By the end, that dude was like Swiss cheese, and he STILL ran like a deer. Of course, that movie was not subect to nearly the type of intense scrutiny that we've been subjecting HBO's series to. Just trying to maintain a little perspective.I was a bit harsh towards Drogo though since he would have gotten treatment from the Dothraki healers later on, he wouldn't have left it like that forever. I haven't seen Apocalypto but yes, a physically strong person with adrenaline from battle can do quite a lot while injured. I would have liked to see them show the really bad wound described in the books but I'm fine with how they did it.
221	Morrigan	2011-06-10	I was never sure myself of Mirri's motives in the book. It's really quite unclear if she planned on Drogo's wound festering from the beginning, or not.
The way I remember it: she offers to heal on her own, and offers an efficient but uncomfortable and itchy solution. She warns him to wear the skin for ten days and avoid certain drinks. I was really under the impression that had Drogo followed her instruction, it would have healed, because it's only when he STOPS following her instruction that the wound starts festering. But, later on, it appears that Mirri wanted him dead all along.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Did she use reverse psychology, knowing Drogo wouldn't listen to her instructions? Was her remedy worthless and she knew Drogo was doomed from the start? Was her remedy poison all along, and she insisted he wear the skin to make sure the poison remains on him for as long as possible? But if so, why say things like "of course it itched, there is great healing power in fire, even your eunuch healers know that" or something. 
Mirri just appear internally inconsistent, and I never quite figured out what GRRM meant for her to be. I mean, she also appears to hate Dany and despise Dany's attempts as "saving her", but when Dany initially rescues the Lamb women, Mirri (unnamed yet, among a crowd of women) blesses her in the Westerosi tongue and appears genuinely grateful to the "silver lady".
If she was indeed initially happy at being rescued, and changed her mind over time at being with the Dothraki, it wasn't clear in the book. Let's hope that the TV series makes Mirri a less confusing character. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 10 June 2011 - 04:05 PM.
222	Unnamed	2011-06-10	I was a bit harsh towards Drogo though since he would have gotten treatment from the Dothraki healers later on, he wouldn't have left it like that forever. I haven't seen Apocalypto but yes, a physically strong person with adrenaline from battle can do quite a lot while injured. I would have liked to see them show the really bad wound described in the books but I'm fine with how they did it.Just to be clear, Apocalypto was fun and entertaining, but it was hardly believable. The dude would have been scarcely able to stand and walk, much less run. Which is to say that I was acknowledging that your points were valid from a standpoint of realism, while pointing out that there is no requirement here that perfect realism stand in the way of our fun.Actually, since my previous post, a new question has been haunting me: What is the Dothraki word for "dude"?-VM
223	Unnamed	2011-06-10	I was never sure myself of Mirri's motives in the book....Mirri just appear internally inconsistent, and I never quite figured out what GRRM meant for her to be....No disagreement with anything you said. Just wanted to reiterate that your description is in keeping with my scenario that Mirri's attitude/opinions actually changed from the time of her rescue to the time of the "betrayal" of Dani, although, if this is so, we can really only speculate as to the why.Not sure how relevant this is, but I also felt like Drogo's failure to follow her instructions served to confirm her low opinion of him. Something like, I knew you were a savage, and now I see that you're an idiot, too. The big bad Khal acting like a baby because the medicine burns. That is to say, it seemed that she never had a high opinion of the Dothraki, but she initially liked Dani. As time progressed, her opinion of the Dothraki became even more negative, and she lost respect for Dani as she realized the extent to which Dani had "gone native" with them.So, giving GRRM full benefit of the doubt (and allowances for the complexity of the story he is trying to tell), I prefer to think that Mirri is not inconsistent per se; rather, her opinons and attitudes are evolving over the course of her time with Dani et al, so that an initial distaste grows into a more of a cold disdain and, eventually, real hatred. And remember, a real person would be in shock immediately after barbarians killed most of the people she knew and raped her. Clearly, she would be relieved at being rescued from the rape, but over time the full horror of what the Dothraki have done to her (and what she has lost) would be sinking in, while at the same time she is realizing that Dani is only slightly more civilized (she's okay with the killing and pillaging, just not the raping).People change, and she's changing...-VM
224	Morrigan	2011-06-10	That makes sense, but this wasn't clear at all in the books. The way Mirri reveals herself to Dany later, she pretty much implies that she meant for Drogo and her son to die all along. When Dany says "you knew! you knew the price I had to pay and made me pay it", Mirri does not deny it, in fact she pretty much acknowledges that. If Mirri had a change of heart during her captivity, it wasn't made clear at all, unfortunately.
No matter, GRRM is a great author, but he's not perfect, there are some small screw-ups like that sometimes and it's quite a minor thing. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
225	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-10	And this is just mean. Are you sure the kid was THAT bad? How many stableboys have you seen being stabbed to death in real life? How did they act differently?We're talking about a five-second part for an unnamed character with, what, 2 lines? Were you expecting Morgan Freeman? [someone else will have to write THAT scene.] Okay, so admittedly, it could have been better. But "terrible"? Please refer to my previous post. I don't recall Bruce Lee ever dying in a movie, but I am confident that it would have been, um, impressive.How can you watch this episode (or how many times do you have to watch it) to come away saying, "Well, it would have been pretty good if it weren't for that AWFUL stableboy"? Okay, you didn't say that, but it sure seemed like you were implying it.-VMYou're right, I didn't say that, and if you had read any of my other posts in this thread, you would have known that I didn't feel that way.  I enjoyed this episode a lot, much more the second time, even though I had a few nitpicks.  Heck, the stableboy wasn't even one of my nitpicks.  I was merely responding to another poster who mentioned him.  Do you notice that several others did the same thing?I'm not sure what my expectations have to do with anything.  I don't expect every bit part to be done as fantastically as Morgan Freeman would do it (although that would be awesome, I love me some Morgan Freeman).  That doesn't change the fact that the stableboy's acting was very bad.  I wasn't thinking of when he was stabbed - I was more thinking of when he sauntered out from behind the corner and was like "Heh heh girl, now you're mine" in some tough kid voice.  Surely some of the blame goes on the writing and directing of that, but the boy was bad.Hey, he's a kid.  He'll get better.  I hope he does and has a long acting career.  I probably couldn't have done that scene even as well as he did.  But he WAS in the scene, and he did it poorly.  Here we are, in a thread discussing that very episode, and someone brought it up.  So I shared my views on it.  I still love the show, and I still thought the episode was good.  I don't understand your unprovoked vitriol.
226	GoTreviews	2011-06-10	That makes sense, but this wasn't clear at all in the books. The way Mirri reveals herself to Dany later, she pretty much implies that she meant for Drogo and her son to die all along. When Dany says "you knew! you knew the price I had to pay and made me pay it", Mirri does not deny it, in fact she pretty much acknowledges that. If Mirri had a change of heart during her captivity, it wasn't made clear at all, unfortunately.No matter, GRRM is a great author, but he's not perfect, there are some small screw-ups like that sometimes and it's quite a minor thing. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Even if it's not crystal clear, I don't think the fault can be cast on Martin here. As it been said just before in the thread, Mirri's speach show that she schemed her way into this position from the start, being determined from the start. I don't see how this could be called a screw-up. She had been raped, her Temple destroyed, her village ransacked, she was going in for the kill, for the vengeance. It makes perfect sense.
227	Unnamed	2011-06-10	You're right, I didn't say that...I still love the show, and I still thought the episode was good.  I don't understand your unprovoked vitriol.As far as the episode, fair enough (this is a sweeping "fair enough" that encompasses your entire post, except for the last sentence). But what's with this "vitriol" thing? In the course of one paragraph, I replaced a child character with both Morgan Freeman and Bruce Lee. Does that not make it obvious that my side of the argument was "silly and playful", rather than "angry and malicious" (which I assume would fit the term "vitriol")? If you really thought my post was vitriolic, then I guess now I must be apoplectic. No, wait, apocalyptic (I'm gonna end yer world). I would have said that, at worst, my post was hyperbolic.You can't tell me that the whole Bruce Lee thing wasn't at least a little funny. For now, I'll just assume you were being dramatic, but I absolutely reserve the right not to argue over a TV show with anyone who has no sense of humor.
228	Unnamed	2011-06-10	Even if it's not crystal clear, I don't think the fault can be cast on Martin here. As it been said just before in the thread, Mirri's speach show that she schemed her way into this position from the start, being determined from the start. I don't see how this could be called a screw-up. She had been raped, her Temple destroyed, her village ransacked, she was going in for the kill, for the vengeance. It makes perfect sense.And don't forget, she was pillaged, too!I think we've clearly established there's plenty of narrative space here for reasonable people--I know there are a couple here somewhere--to disagree about Mirri's motives/intentions. And I certainly have no evidence to disprove your theory. However, given the argument you're making, I really am curious how you explain the initial treatment of Drogo's wound. If she was already on the Path Of Vengeance, why did she, ostensibly, give him good medical care? Or do you believe that she only pretended to give him good treatment, while secretly poisoning the wound, confident that she would seem innocent when he disobeyed her instructions? [That last sentence really needed one more dependent clause, to maximize confusion.]I mean, if you're going to say it makes "perfect sense", then you really need to account for all of her major actions, right? Not that the bar needs to be quite so high--I think I'd settle for "imperfect sense", or even just plain "sense", if you have any. Everyone says I have a lot of sense, but it's all whop-sided.-VM
229	The Knight of Grasses	2011-06-10	As far as the episode, fair enough (this is a sweeping "fair enough" that encompasses your entire post, except for the last sentence). But what's with this "vitriol" thing? In the course of one paragraph, I replaced a child character with both Morgan Freeman and Bruce Lee. Does that not make it obvious that my side of the argument was "silly and playful", rather than "angry and malicious" (which I assume would fit the term "vitriol")? If you really thought my post was vitriolic, then I guess now I must be apoplectic. No, wait, apocalyptic (I'm gonna end yer world). I would have said that, at worst, my post was hyperbolic.You can't tell me that the whole Bruce Lee thing wasn't at least a little funny. For now, I'll just assume you were being dramatic, but I absolutely reserve the right not to argue over a TV show with anyone who has no sense of humor.I definitely missed that.  Your first paragraph set the tone (the "and this is just mean" especially).  And then the last paragraph seemed to drive the point home that you thought I was being a jerk about the whole thing.It's the internet.  If you're trying to be funny, you need to make it abundantly clear.  Your rhetorical questions about Morgan Freeman and Bruce Lee could just as easily be read in a sneering, condescending tone, instead of a light, silly tone.I have a sense of humor (too much sometimes), but it's pretty sarcastic.  No hard feelings.  It just wasn't clear what you were trying to say.
230	Morrigan	2011-06-10	Even if it's not crystal clear, I don't think the fault can be cast on Martin here. As it been said just before in the thread, Mirri's speach show that she schemed her way into this position from the start, being determined from the start. I don't see how this could be called a screw-up. She had been raped, her Temple destroyed, her village ransacked, she was going in for the kill, for the vengeance. It makes perfect sense.It would indeed make perfect sense, except for the fact that she blessed Dany in the common tongue for no apparent reason before that (had no way of knowing she'd require a healer for Drogo), and offered an apparently good solution to Drogo's wound, and appears to be all "I told you so" when she learns Drogo didn't continue the treatment and the wound festered. That all seems strange to me.
231	GoTreviews	2011-06-10	If she was already on the Path Of Vengeance, why did she, ostensibly, give him good medical care? Or do you believe that she only pretended to give him good treatment, while secretly poisoning the wound, confident that she would seem innocent when he disobeyed her instructions? [That last sentence really needed one more dependent clause, to maximize confusion.]I don't get your point. She's a single woman in the middle of a freakin Khalaasar. How could she have gotten to the Khal in any other way than hiding her true motivation? That all seems strange to me.Well, it might seem strange, but if you assume she was scheming from the start, it makes sense. And I do believe that when one way of looking at things makes sense in GRRM's writing, it's the good way to look at it, instead of going "ho but we could also think this, and then it makes no sense". I don't think we can say she speaks to Dany for "no apparent reason". Even if the plan wasn't there yet (and then again, being a victim of the assault, she might had a chance to see the Khal get wounded) Dany seemed powerful enough to make the Dothraki stop (I'm not gonna say "save her life", obviously). That might be good enough a reason, in itself, for Mirri to try to befriend her.
232	Leuf	2011-06-10	I never questioned once Mirri was revealed that her treatment for Drogo was poisoned.  Her instructions to keep it on for a long time would make the whole thing seem more plausible and give her a cover for a chance at even coming out of it alive.  She'd know what the effects were going to be and that Drogo would probably take it off, but not before it was too late.
233	Raventhal	2011-06-10	Its going to be sad to see Drogo go though.  Kal Drogo Wins! Fatality!  Lol, that fight scene was awesome and his voice with the language is beyond.  One of the characters better in the show than the book.
234	halfwaygone	2011-06-11	I was never sure myself of Mirri's motives in the book. It's really quite unclear if she planned on Drogo's wound festering from the beginning, or not.I think itÂ<U+0092>s one of those things thatÂ<U+0092>s muddled in the books that HBO wants to make into a cleaner narrative. I think itÂ<U+0092>s going to seem more like she poisoned the wound in the series, which was never what I thought in the books Â<U+0096> it seemed like it was DrogoÂ<U+0092>s own fault, partially. And her Â<U+0093>I never wanted to help you!Â<U+0094> seemed to come a little out of nowhere, though the motive was understandable. It never occurred to me she'd poisoned the wound till watching the series (particularly since the wound WAS much worse in the books), but I like the cleaner narrative.
235	denstorebog	2011-06-11	Its going to be sad to see Drogo go though. Kal Drogo Wins! Fatality! Lol, that fight scene was awesome and his voice with the language is beyond. One of the characters better in the show than the book.Fortunately for people of this conviction, the new Conan The Barbarian movie is going to pick up right where Khal Drogo left off.
236	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-11	I was never sure myself of Mirri's motives in the book. It's really quite unclear if she planned on Drogo's wound festering from the beginning, or not.The way I remember it: she offers to heal on her own, and offers an efficient but uncomfortable and itchy solution. She warns him to wear the skin for ten days and avoid certain drinks. I was really under the impression that had Drogo followed her instruction, it would have healed, because it's only when he STOPS following her instruction that the wound starts festering. But, later on, it appears that Mirri wanted him dead all along.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Did she use reverse psychology, knowing Drogo wouldn't listen to her instructions? Was her remedy worthless and she knew Drogo was doomed from the start? Was her remedy poison all along, and she insisted he wear the skin to make sure the poison remains on him for as long as possible? But if so, why say things like "of course it itched, there is great healing power in fire, even your eunuch healers know that" or something. Mirri just appear internally inconsistent, and I never quite figured out what GRRM meant for her to be. I mean, she also appears to hate Dany and despise Dany's attempts as "saving her", but when Dany initially rescues the Lamb women, Mirri (unnamed yet, among a crowd of women) blesses her in the Westerosi tongue and appears genuinely grateful to the "silver lady".If she was indeed initially happy at being rescued, and changed her mind over time at being with the Dothraki, it wasn't clear in the book. Let's hope that the TV series makes Mirri a less confusing character. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />That is a hard subject, but I agree mostly with you. Yet, one of the biggest acomplishments of GRRM is that there is absolutely no 100% pure of evil character in the books. I mean, even Stannis and Tywin have their flaws. Mirri could be just another of these not so perfect characters. I mean, in the end she says she is not going to scream, but she do after the flames get her. It could be the same. In the start she was true on her intentions to help Drogo and was grateful to Dany, but things change. For example, she learns that Drogo son is suposed to become the Stalion who Mounts the World. That sole information could be what made her change and decide to kill Rhaego.
237	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-11	That makes sense, but this wasn't clear at all in the books. The way Mirri reveals herself to Dany later, she pretty much implies that she meant for Drogo and her son to die all along. When Dany says "you knew! you knew the price I had to pay and made me pay it", Mirri does not deny it, in fact she pretty much acknowledges that. If Mirri had a change of heart during her captivity, it wasn't made clear at all, unfortunately.No matter, GRRM is a great author, but he's not perfect, there are some small screw-ups like that sometimes and it's quite a minor thing. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Dont know about that. I doubt Mirri would know that Drogo was such a bad ass Khal and that his son would be the Stalion Who Mounts the World. Maybe traveling with them gave her this information and was what made her decide to sabotage Khal Drogo and Dany.
238	iheartseverus	2011-06-12	As far as the episode, fair enough (this is a sweeping "fair enough" that encompasses your entire post, except for the last sentence). But what's with this "vitriol" thing? In the course of one paragraph, I replaced a child character with both Morgan Freeman and Bruce Lee. Does that not make it obvious that my side of the argument was "silly and playful", rather than "angry and malicious" (which I assume would fit the term "vitriol")? If you really thought my post was vitriolic, then I guess now I must be apoplectic. No, wait, apocalyptic (I'm gonna end yer world). I would have said that, at worst, my post was /ack.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':ack:' />.You can't tell me that the whole Bruce Lee thing wasn't at least a little funny. For now, I'll just assume you were being dramatic, but I absolutely reserve the right not to argue over a TV show with anyone who has no sense of humor.Yikes.  Just take your pills, okay?  Everything will be ok, srsly.  I mean, uh, srsly./uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
239	Podrick + Arya = Win	2011-06-12	I found this to be one of the weaker episodes of the season. I'm not sure if its because I'd just completed reading the series in the week before it aired or something else but it wasn't as exciting. 
It was too literal and stuck too closely to the book. When multiple events are happening and multiple secondary characters are being introduced, its hard to stay true to the book so some creative changes would have been nice. Perhaps its not a coincidence that Martin wrote this particular episode. 
Looking forward to the last 2 episodes.
240	Asarlai	2011-06-12	I was never sure myself of Mirri's motives in the book. It's really quite unclear if she planned on Drogo's wound festering from the beginning, or not.The way I remember it: she offers to heal on her own, and offers an efficient but uncomfortable and itchy solution. She warns him to wear the skin for ten days and avoid certain drinks. I was really under the impression that had Drogo followed her instruction, it would have healed, because it's only when he STOPS following her instruction that the wound starts festering. But, later on, it appears that Mirri wanted him dead all along.  /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />  Did she use reverse psychology, knowing Drogo wouldn't listen to her instructions? Was her remedy worthless and she knew Drogo was doomed from the start? Was her remedy poison all along, and she insisted he wear the skin to make sure the poison remains on him for as long as possible? But if so, why say things like "of course it itched, there is great healing power in fire, even your eunuch healers know that" or something. Mirri just appear internally inconsistent, and I never quite figured out what GRRM meant for her to be. I mean, she also appears to hate Dany and despise Dany's attempts as "saving her", but when Dany initially rescues the Lamb women, Mirri (unnamed yet, among a crowd of women) blesses her in the Westerosi tongue and appears genuinely grateful to the "silver lady".If she was indeed initially happy at being rescued, and changed her mind over time at being with the Dothraki, it wasn't clear in the book. Let's hope that the TV series makes Mirri a less confusing character. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />My thoughts: Mirri wanted Drogo to die all along When Mirri heard of the unborn conquerer, she added him to the kill-list Mirri disdains Dany for her self-righteous opinion of her ineffectual mercy Mirri praised Dany to get closer to her Mirri may well have been happy at the moment that the rape stopped. However, when she assessed all that was destroyed, she grew angry Mirri was justified in striking back at the slaughterer of her people who was inevitably going to do the same elsewhere Mirri was not justified in killing an innocent child, regardless of prophecy Mirri is an antagonist to Dany, but one who should not be wholly unsympathetic
241	scotcat	2011-06-12	My thoughts: Mirri was justified in striking back at the slaughterer of her people who was inevitably going to do the same elsewhere Mirri was not justified in killing an innocent child, regardless of prophecyI think justified is very much a changable concept under these circumstances.  The Dothraki felt they were justified in what they did to Mirri's village and people. Mirri felt she was justified in the route she opted to take.
242	Smashing Young Man	2011-06-12	I've been out of town and just got to watch this episode.I read a bit in the other thread, and I noted some people were wondering (complaining) about why Robb let the scout go. Remember, it's during this time that Robb comes up with his plan to split his forces, with most of his horse crossing at the Twins to attack Jamie's host, while the foot marches on Twyin's encampment mostly as a feint. I believe that allowing the scout to go with Robb's message to Twyin is part of the deception; he wants him to think his full host is marching south in a reckless fury.I'm glad others are bitching about the actress playing Sansa. Talk about a limited acting range. I have the same complaint about Cersei. Lena Headey's one expression is that of a person suffering a tooth acheÂ<U+0097>or perhaps constipation.I know the naked Hodor scene was in the book, but on the show, did they make mention of why he was naked? In the books we know from Bran's thoughts that Hodor was taking a dip in the hot springs, but I can't remember if that was mentioned on the show. If not, it makes his appearing out of the trees naked quite random and more than a bit silly.I like how Syrio's fate wasn't shown. Either Martin really didn't kill him off, or he's teasing readers who thinks he didn't. That said, I really didn't like the show Syrio. Too over-the-top and cartoony.Did anyone picture Timmet as a big ol' fat bearded guy? He's bigger than Shagga.I still don't know what to make of the show's Sam, what with his greater self-confidenceÂ<U+0097>despite being a coward stillÂ<U+0097>and sense of humor. Show Sam doesn't go in stuttering terror of Mormont like book Sam.I have to say, I haven't been a fan of the series thus far. The characters and settings are just too engrained in my mind from having read the books multiple times. That said, this episode has come the closest to actually feeling like ASoIaF, and I'm sure that's due to Martin penning it.
243	BlackTalon	2011-06-12	My biggest complaint with this episode is something that hasnÂ´t been mentioned yet, I believe - when the men from the NightÂ´s Watch are burning the wights, they look up at the wall and you see it is sudddenly STEPPED like a bloody stair! It looked NOTHING like that in the opening scene of the first episode! What bloody good would a wall like that do??? BAD mistake!
244	gullyfoyle	2011-06-12	Well, this was my favorite episode so far, edging out #6.
Great scenes: Syrio's fight with the guards, the wight (love the Game, but I want more supernatural), Tyrion meets Tywin (with Bronn son of you wouldn't know him), Robb calling the banners and Barristan the Bold.
Would have liked to have had an introduction of more Northern lords, but I suppose it's understandable if they don't want to confuse viewers with too many characters, or cast ones like Roose Bolton who get more screenplay later. But we did get the Greatjohn and were the Manderlys with Catelyn when she rejoined Robb? HAve to rewatch the show tonight, and keep an eye out for Maege Mormont as well.
Thanks heaven for no more sexposition scenes. Actually the one scene where they could have shown more (the Dothraki pillaging) was fairly tame. I'm not as big a fan as some are of Jason Momoa as Khal Drogo, but that's mostly becuase I don't think the attempts to make him look exotic (the beard and eye darkening, mostly) work all that well. I do think he will make a great Conan.
245	Morrigan	2011-06-12	Dont know about that. I doubt Mirri would know that Drogo was such a bad ass Khal and that his son would be the Stalion Who Mounts the World. Maybe traveling with them gave her this information and was what made her decide to sabotage Khal Drogo and Dany.Yeah, that's definitely possible and believable, but we're just speculating that, there's nothing in the text that indicates this is what happened. I'm hoping the TV series is clearer on this aspect. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
246	Leuf	2011-06-12	My biggest complaint with this episode is something that hasnÂ´t been mentioned yet, I believe - when the men from the NightÂ´s Watch are burning the wights, they look up at the wall and you see it is sudddenly STEPPED like a bloody stair! It looked NOTHING like that in the opening scene of the first episode! What bloody good would a wall like that do??? BAD mistake!They are on the south side of the wall in this scene, aren't they?
247	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-06-12	Well, this was my favorite episode so far, edging out #6.Great scenes: Syrio's fight with the guards, the wight (love the Game, but I want more supernatural), Tyrion meets Tywin (with Bronn son of you wouldn't know him), Robb calling the banners and Barristan the Bold.Would have liked to have had an introduction of more Northern lords, but I suppose it's understandable if they don't want to confuse viewers with too many characters, or cast ones like Roose Bolton who get more screenplay later. But we did get the Greatjohn and were the Manderlys with Catelyn when she rejoined Robb? HAve to rewatch the show tonight, and keep an eye out for Maege Mormont as well.Lady Maege is definitely in the scene with the map in the tent. She's on the lower-left corner of the screen, IIRC, when they bring the scout in. I believe you also see her in Winterfell.
248	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-06-14	Late to the party because I've been away on vacation. Some quick thoughts on episode 8:The fate of Syrio Forel is still up in the air. They could have shown his demise since they didn't have to adhere to GRRM's strict Arya POV, but they didn't, which might mean he's going to make it. He could be a faceless man, like Jaqen H'ghar, as some have theorised.Arya appears to kill the stable boy accidentally. I cannot recall if it was so accidental in the book too.I like Varys. He has some kind of honour it seems. And he serves the Realm. More people should think like that.Sam may be a coward but his intelligence is very useful for the Night's Watch, like when he examines the undead and reads through Maester Aemon's library. I like Sam.Why is Grand Maester Pycelle the one that is most against Sansa and Joffrey? She might be the daughter of a "traitor" but who's he to talk. He served both Aerys and Robert, and now Joffrey.Heh! "I won't hatch anything!" Sansa's tongue gets the better of her gain. She should hatch an heir if she's going to be Queen.Robb: "I'll go to King's Landing, but not alone. Send for the bannermen!" I like him.God, how I hate Lysa Arryn and her brat!I'm with Tyrion in how I would like to die, except I'd like to be even older than 80.The NW undead didn't have blue eyes (that I could see) even if it was mentioned that they had them.Stupid Dothraki horselord machismo! See what willingly inflict a wound on you can do, Khal Drogo!"Your meat is bloody tough!" Gotta like someone like the Greatjon. He speaks like Brian Blessed.Rickon is pretty perceptive when he flatly states that "no they won't" come back.Guess Hodor in the buff filled up this week's nudity quota for HBO. Where's the brain soap?"Bronn, son of...?" "You wouldn't know him." Heh. I like TV Bronn better than Book Bronn.What a stupid move to fire Barristan Selmy. The one true knight in the Kingsguard. Great guy.Poor Sansa, this is not what she signed up for. She's in way over her head.
249	BlackTalon	2011-06-15	They are on the south side of the wall in this scene, aren't they?No, they arenÂ´t, neither in the books nor on tv. Also, the southern side of the Wall doesnÂ´t look like that either and never has, not in any shot weÂ´ve seen of it before. I havenÂ´t got a clue what they were thinking.
250	Aoife	2011-06-16	In the TV episode they were burning the wights in Castle Black, which is south of the wall. It's true, though, that the previous shots did not appear as obviously stepped: See this shot from Lord Snow, which shows the elevator pretty much in one straight line up the face of the wall. OTOH, the modelled image from the opening credits exaggerates the levels and offsets.
251	eupfhoria	2012-03-13	a little 'late to the party', but I just watched this episode in full last night
great epsiode, my only thing would be a nitpick about Syrio; his (possible) death scene was way more badass in the books. In the show, he just smacks the Lannisters around a bit, but if I remember the book scene right, he kills two or three by crushing their throats or poking eyesockets and whatnot.
252	opark77	2012-03-15	a little 'late to the party', but I just watched this episode in full last nightgreat epsiode, my only thing would be a nitpick about Syrio; his (possible) death scene was way more badass in the books. In the show, he just smacks the Lannisters around a bit, but if I remember the book scene right, he kills two or three by crushing their throats or poking eyesockets and whatnot.If you like you can watch it again with the GRRM commentary and listen to him address your point.
253	Rollo Tomasi	2012-05-20	If you like you can watch it again with the GRRM commentary and listen to him address your point.I didn't realize GRRM spoke about this point on the commentary. Good to know. @eupfhoria  Syrio also breaks one of the men's knee caps in the book as well.
254	Ran	2011-06-05	So, GRRM's own epsiode, what do you think?
255	End of Disc One	2011-06-05	My favorite episode despite no shocking moments.  You can tell the set-up is well behind us and we are right in the meat of the story.  As a Robb fan he totally lived up to my expectations.  Barristan was great too.
256	Mr Bean	2011-06-05	7
Great episode which could have been a 9 but gets a -2 from me because they cut Tyrion's Oscar speech.  All Roz's fault, it's Roz fault we never got my number 2 favorite scene in the book with the Hound in the Darkness and now it's Roz's fault again we never got to see Tyrion tells us about Tysha!  It's his Oscar speech!  They cut out his bloody Oscar speech.  
Now I'll have to embezzle the require money to hire Peter and the actor planning Bron to get them to act out that scene instead.
257	Starkess	2011-06-05	My first 10. My biggest complaint about the episode was probably the weird editing/shooting when Arya killed the stableboy--totally threw me out of the story and reminded me I was watching a video camera.
But that's a minor quibble!! Loved it!
258	Asarlai	2011-06-05	Eight. It could have been better without being perfect, but it was still very good; among the best so far.
259	Bowl o' Brown	2011-06-05	Great episode. Great moments. Maybe to many moments? I think so. I give it an 8.
My big complaint is how much jumping around the world we did. We never had a chance to digest a scene, before being presented with another. So many big story scenes that it was almost sensory overload. I'd hate to be a non-reader trying to pick out everything of value in this episode.
260	Noir Dove	2011-06-05	I honestly have no complaints that are worth mentioning.
I was on the edge of my seat for the entire episode. (Remember kids, I'm new to the series). I will have to watch again to digest properly. But I was overwhelmed in a fantastically good way. 
Mt first 10 of the series. Love love loved it. I would go into more depth but I don't want to spoil anyone. 
The scene I think was my favorite, jumped out of no where. I never would have expected it to be my favorite of this wonderful wonderful episode but... It was Osha's words to Bran. I got the shivers.
261	NW Deserter	2011-06-05	Solid 9. I don't have a real complaint about any of the scenes for the first time - they were all beautifully written and acted - but there were no "WTF HOLY SHIT" moments, save for possibly Syrio's, and maybe Drogo's. Main reason it loses a point was the anti-climactic ending...but given the endings in store for the final two episodes, I don't really mind.My big complaint is how much jumping around the world we did. We never had a chance to digest a scene, before being presented with another. So many big story scenes that it was almost sensory overload. I'd hate to be a non-reader trying to pick out everything of value in this episode.I agree, but there's really no other way to do it. This part of the book has a ton of important stuff going on, and they only have so much time. I actually thought they did a fantastic job with the hour of time they had to work with.
262	Noir Dove	2011-06-05	but there were no "WTF HOLY SHIT" moments,I disagree. Are you a reader? Meaning, did you know what was going to happen before hand? I am reading the books but I've kept my pace slow and I have not gotten to this point. And I did not STOP saying HOLY SHIT the entire episode.But if you have read the books I can see how this build up to the final conclusion episode wouldn't have a lot of jaw droppers for you.
263	Noir Dove	2011-06-05	Sorry lag and I double posted. (I hate living in the boonies /tantrum.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':tantrum:' /> )
					
					
							Edited by Noir Dove, 05 June 2011 - 09:54 PM.
264	Kaitscralt	2011-06-05	I give it a 7. Good episode, but the directing was pretty poor for the first twenty minutes or so. Way too much scene-jumping around KL, showing random knights killing commoners (Eddard's household, apparently) and Arya's stab scene and the wight scene both were pretty rushed.
All things Robb were awesome, though.
265	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-05	I give it a 7. Good episode, but the directing was pretty poor for the first twenty minutes or so. Way too much scene-jumping around KL, showing random knights killing commoners (Eddard's household, apparently) and Arya's stab scene and the wight scene both were pretty rushed.All things Robb were awesome, though.This is pretty much my feelings exactly, except I'd also point out Drogo and Syrio as being awesome.  A 7 from me as well.  Very good episode, but not my favorite.
					
					
							Edited by Tyrion Lannister, 05 June 2011 - 10:07 PM.
266	Lord Godric	2011-06-05	A solid 8. It lacked the excitement from the previous episodes but, being GRRM's own episode, he brought many of these scenes to life. And I became very emotionally invested in many of the characters.
267	NW Deserter	2011-06-05	I disagree. Are you a reader? Meaning, did you know what was going to happen before hand? I am reading the books but I've kept my pace slow and I have not gotten to this point. And I did not STOP saying HOLY SHIT the entire episode.But if you have read the books I can see how this build up to the final conclusion episode wouldn't have a lot of jaw droppers for you.I am a reader, yes, so I know what's going to happen, but seeing events unfold onscreen can still give me those "holy shit" moments. Examples of that include...-Seeing the Wall for the first time-Seeing the sky cells-Arya's first lessonAnd I could go on. Every scene in this episode was very well done and there were a couple of really exciting moments like I said, but not enough to warrant a perfect 10. The next two episodes may very well earn 10s easily though...  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
268	zippypoodle	2011-06-05	7Great episode which could have been a 9 but gets a -2 from me because they cut Tyrion's Oscar speech.  All Roz's fault, it's Roz fault we never got my number 2 favorite scene in the book with the Hound in the Darkness and now it's Roz's fault again we never got to see Tyrion tells us about Tysha!  It's his Oscar speech!  They cut out his bloody Oscar speech.  Now I'll have to embezzle the require money to hire Peter and the actor planning Bron to get them to act out that scene instead.Oh come on, do you really think they won't at some point relay that info since it's so central to his character? I'm betting they will, and in a more interesting way than having him just tell Bronn while sitting around a fire. If you had never read the books, would you rate the episode higher?
269	YoDaddy	2011-06-05	Okay, so maybe I'm the oddball of the movie ratings then. I have been very stingy with the #'s so far with a 7 being the best I've given. I have admitted more than once that my being a series fan-boy has skewed my opinions with all the deviations and such from the books. So surprise! I give my first rating above a 7. I gave it a ten!!!!!!
 I liked it so much I think because it felt like they finally followed the storyline to a "T". For the first time it watched like it read for me. (unfortunately that is my fucked up criteria for the series so far) I don't mind slight omissions or word twists, but I can't stand shit in the series that never happened. So I'm happy for once.
					
					
							Edited by YoDaddy, 05 June 2011 - 11:09 PM.
270	Elrick	2011-06-05	I'm just wondering if they will have Roose Bolton in this season or the next? I am hoping to see him at some point.
271	YoDaddy	2011-06-05	I'm just wondering if they will have Roose Bolton in this season or the next? I am hoping to see him at some point. That is the question I had that I forgot about. Was he in the Northerners tent? (I assume so) Did they introduce him and I missed it?
272	Lord Mord	2011-06-05	There are some really weird cuts -- including a random and useless shot of Eddard being kicked.  And I seem to remember some involuntary hissing as from a sudden small wound, but I don't remember why so it can't have been too bad.  I did think some bits were rushed.OTOH, I think it's hands-down the most competent, faithful and sincere episode to date and I was flabbergasted and dismayed to see it over so quickly.
273	TheEvilKing	2011-06-05	I gave it an 8. Very good for the most part, but the two coolest scenes (Arya and the stableboy, and Grey Wind and the Greatjon) were disappointing for me.
274	Carldog	2011-06-05	That ep worked for me.  I gave it an 8+, which is high for my standards. Its the first time this seires truly felt epic, which was an element I thought was lacking from the show.  Of course I'm judging the sieres to the book, and that not fair to the sieres.  It would need to be twenty hours long (which would be great) to capture the ture nature of A Game of Thrones.
275	GSP	2011-06-06	Great episode. Gave it a 9.
Can't remember in the book if Roose Bolton was in the tent where Big John Umber lost his fingers but he should be leading infantry within the next episode or so to my recollection.
276	valacirca	2011-06-06	whoa the 10's are leading the other ratings for the first time...
277	BarrileteCosmico	2011-06-06	I have no major complaints but the episode left me somewhat unsatisfied. I gave it an 8 for this reason, but the episode was great. Loved Drogo pulling the tongue out of the dothraki. Very happy they make him go out as a badass.
278	Corvinus	2011-06-06	I gave it a 10 because it's my favorite episode so far, and I am not just being biased cause Marting wrote it. One thing I was pleasantly surprised was that unlike every single other episode, this one did not have a piece of dialog that was too lengthy, and boring and out of character.
Still no flashbacks. Maybe Ned will have one next week just before the end. And my biggest disappointment was that there is no Blackfish.
279	David Stark	2011-06-06	I forgive the jumpiness of the show considering how much information there is to cover, I use the show though to give me the visual for the book however. Right now I am behind the show in the book so the show is still exciting then the book explains everything for me. Don't think I will wait a year for book two though but it will still be fun for the show. But man only two episodes to go I guess?
280	SFA-OK	2011-06-06	Great episode. Great moments. Maybe to many moments? I think so. I give it an 8.My big complaint is how much jumping around the world we did. We never had a chance to digest a scene, before being presented with another. So many big story scenes that it was almost sensory overload. I'd hate to be a non-reader trying to pick out everything of value in this episode.I was about to post exactly the same thing. This has been one of my biggest complaints about the show so far and this was probably the worst episode in that regard. I counted literally about 20 different scenes in the course of 57 minutes. It's just not working for me. I think a different approach closer to how the book was written would've been much better. I was also thinking "If I hadn't read the book, I'm not sure I'd even know what the hell is going on here". The scene with Jon and the wight ended so abruptly, IMO. Also, is it just me or has Cersei made the same exact face throughout the entire show so far? I hope to see these improvements in season 2 - More episodes, longer scenes, better editing in some places, better characterization and better writing in some places. On the plus side, I think the actors portraying Robb, Barristan, Dany and Tryion are all doing a great job. 6/10.
281	Daenerys	2011-06-06	It's a 7 for me, actually matching my lowest rating of the season. Despite some really badass moments (Barristan, Drogo, Syrio, ravens flying from Winterfell). Just felt a little flat and uneven to me, and a pretty lame ending. Again, nothing so horrible I can call it bad, overall it's quite good, but it left me wanting in way that episodes 5-7 did not. Nice to see Rickon and he even speaks! But I am getting worried that Robb and Sansa are not going to be able to carry it when they have to, frankly. I'm already missing Robert's presence.
282	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-06	I guess I'm one of the few people who really liked the ending. I thought it was ominous the way the camera went behind the Iron Throne and we saw Sansa between its spikes, which I thought was a neat way visually to foreshadow just how trapped she's going to be for some time to come.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 06 June 2011 - 01:20 AM.
283	Shepherd6	2011-06-06	This episode gets my first "ten." I wonder, if, as I think someone mentioned earlier, I am biased because Martin wrote it? I don't think so...I agree it jumped around a lot, and I do wonder if a non-reader would be confused (My better half, a non-reader wasn't here to give me insight into the non-reader mind tonight) Loved Drogo! Loved Robb, and especially loved the Great John/finger biting scene, "Your meat is bloody TOUGH!" came out just as I've always imagined it. Sansa...I don't know. Still undecided about her I guess. Catelyn was good too, and Tyrion as always, although I missed the Tysha story and hope they take the time to do it right. Minor quibble: Was Ghost wearing a collar? And I guess the dog they have playing him cannot be silent, so I will learn to live with that. Loved it anyway. But I've been pretty delighted all along.
284	emmank	2011-06-06	My first 10. My heart was racing the entire time, and by the end I was reminded why I adore these books. Just wow... good stuff. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
285	Drogon 72	2011-06-06	First timer so don't crush me to bad. I gve it an 8. Thought a wonderful job has been done so far covering just about everything through th first 8 epps. I just finished reading the books in the past 3 months(literally all 4 in 4 weeks). What a wonderful  world to finally discover. Only reason tonight was an 8 and not 10 was because of jon and mormont scene. To me it seemed way  More intense in the book. Just MO
286	sammycakes	2011-06-06	Solid 9. Probably not the best episode of the season but definitely the most entertaining. All the Robb stuff was extremely well done, and I can see myself getting a lot more invested in TV Robb than in Book Robb. Tyrion stuff was gold, as always. Momoa really showed off his physical acting chops; you can see why he works perfectly for Conan. I didn't have a problem with the location-hopping at all. We know all these characters and their situations by now; the rampant scene shifts added to the urgency of the episode, to the feeling that the shit is really coming down now for every character.
(very minor) Quibbles:
* The opening slaughter of the Winterfell men seemed a bit stagey, as did the Syrio Forel fight. Especially so compared to the physicality of the Drogo fight. Lines were well delivered, though. 
* The fight vs the wight didn't have the urgency or danger it had in the book. Also seemed foreshadowed much too heavily.
* Drogo's gash doesn't seem deep enough.
287	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-06	I'll give it a 9, very strong episode but a few parts felt rushed. I liked the opening dancing lesson and the cuts to the carnage outside. However, I felt Arya killing the stableboy seemed a little rushed, maybe because I knew it was coming. I wish they had added a shot of her escaping through the dungeons, but that's a minor quibble. Loved the scenes with Robb and I liked the Greatjon also. Tyrion meeting the Storm Crows and Shagga was fun. I expected him to tell his story to Bronn about his background, but I'm sure that will get added in a later episode (I remember in one of the making of videos Peter Dinklage mentioning Tyrion's horrible childhood, so it has to be in the show). Charles Dance is very good as Tywin. The Wall parts were pretty good good this episode, but felt a little rushed, especially the wight attack. I was really impressed with Sansa this episode, she did a great job in two big scenes, and so did Joffrey. Ser Barristan's dismissal was excellent, and I'm glad they kept in Littlefinger's nasty quip about "dying a naked knight". Overall, very good episode, can't wait until next week.
288	Asharak	2011-06-06	I gave it a 10, best episode so far. Its just baffling how much happened in this episode, felt like I had watched 2 episodes in a row. 
I was extremely pleased by the Robb scenes, from being a secondary character he suddenly felt like the main character (at least in this episode). Both confrontations with the Greatjon were great, and Robb tricking the spy was a wonderful addition. Before this episode I was afraid the character would get shortchanged, but they really fired on all cylinders for him in this episode.
I hate Lysa, nuff said.
Syrio vs. the Lannisters was great, the slaughter of the Stark household had me in tears for 5 minutes.
I was especially happy with the Jon vs. Wight scene, probably my favorite moment in the book. Jon trying to kill Thorne was a great character moment.
289	sammycakes	2011-06-06	Oh, forgot my most important critique: Arya killing the stableboy was a waste of a huge moment. This is so important in Arya's development, yet the killing seems almost accidental, like a matter of course. Is she panicked? Is she reluctant? Resolutely determined to survive? Angry? I have no idea based on how the scene was filmed. Pity.
290	Ran	2011-06-06	A 9, which may represent a 9.5... not sure. See, the writing? Lovely. The characters? In some cases, they just seemed more real to me, more like what GRRM intended, as if he just sort of shaded things a little differently -- not in a way that was inconsistent with the show, mind you, but just ... by omission, maybe, doing things so they came a little nearer the book.
But, while I absolutely adored Daniel Minahan's work in the last two episodes, there was some clumsiness in this one that detracted from it, just weird little cuts that I didn't understand. Worst of all was the Arya scene with the Stableboy, which just felt ... well, amateurish. I know, I know, there was very little time, they had to go on to the next thing, but I would sooner have trimmed 10 seconds from the Lannisters slaughtering the Starks to just give that moment more weight.
So, a 9-9.5, after a bit taken off for the direction.
291	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-06	I liked this episode a lot, except for the Wight fight.  That scene was so cinematic in the books, and so creepy, I felt none of that in this scene.
292	Ghost Cat	2011-06-06	I loved, loved, loved it!!! I had a horrible time watching it - kept loosing my connection so it came across very disjointed but I know it will be even better when I can see it on "The Big TV" on Wednesday.I was mildly disappointed in the Arya/stableboy scene also. The rushed nature was alright with me, after all, she is in a hurry. It was the choreography and acting of the stableboy that bothered me. That child actor is no Maisie! That's what made the scene run false for me. Perhaps it was the direction as mentioned in some previous posts, but I also think the choreography and ability of the boy had an affect on the scene too.That small nitpick aside, I thought it had wonderful tension and flow. I got the feeling of events galloping ahead at a speed no one involved can control or stop. That's why I gave it a 10.
293	sadfascist	2011-06-06	Goddamn. God damn.
THIS is how you write an adaptation.
D&D, better be taking notes. The master shows how it's done.
294	mimi	2011-06-06	Almost gave it a 10. But 10 is perfect and I have a few minor quibbles. Wish I could do a 9.9.......I hardly took a breath during the whole episode. No, 'jerk me out of the fantasy world' scenes here!
Septa has had little mention & I think she did a great job facing her killers.
Maester Luwin is fantastic.
ALL of the acting was fabulous! (Can say that 'cause Littlefinger only had a few lines....)
So - GRRM STILL didn't tell us if Syrio dies!! Ha!!!
For the first time - THIS is my favorite episode. GRRM could write all the rest of the show & I'd be thrilled!
295	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-06	This was definitely the most dense episode yet.  I do feel that it may have covered too many events, and as such a few things felt a bit rushed.  Still, given the breadth of it, and the awesomeness of the new material not in the books (Drogo's especially), I still have to give it an eight, and an eight for me is not lightly given.  This episode seems to set up the ninth to be the marquee one of the season.  Obviously ten will have its wild moments as well, but after episode eight the tension is set so high that the plot can do anything but explode.
296	Emo Jon Snow	2011-06-06	My 2nd 10 of the season, and probably the best episode yet as far as I was concerned.
I was very happy with the way the Syrio scene with Arya was done, and Tyrion and Bronn are already becoming my favorite on screen duo.
297	Timekeeper	2011-06-06	A solid 9 for astonishing adaptation to the small screen. Arya's first kill and lack of Tysha's story keep me from giving it that perfect 10. Very much loved the blend of exposition and action with the scenes. Drogo's fight especially was a very nice improvement."Tell Lord Tywin, winter is coming for him. Twenty thousand strong, to find out if he really does shit gold." As soon as I heard the line, the only thing going through my mind was "damn, he did not just go there".
298	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-06	whoa the 10's are leading the other ratings for the first time...I kind of expected beforehand because people know this is written by George and I figured that at least some people would have their perceptions altered by that fact (in the same way people are viewing the show in light of the book).Personally I found the episode to be great, although not sure if it's the best of the season.Almost gave it a 10. But 10 is perfect and I have a few minor quibbles. Wish I could do a 9.9.......I hardly took a breath during the whole episode. No, 'jerk me out of the fantasy world' scenes here!I'm not trying to tell you how to vote but personally I think a scale of 10 is far too rough to have a grade dedicated solely to perfection (perfection is a strong term and if I had a scale where one grade simulated that I would never use it). To me it seems logical that a 9.9 would be rounded off to 10 rather than 9.This bit accurately shows the biggest flaw of public voting though; that people don't even view the scales similarly. I reckon some people see the 1-5 grades as shades of poor, while others go by the devise that it's irrelevant to grade something poor and instead use more of the scale to talk about what's interesting, i.e. what's actually good.
299	Lannister Fan	2011-06-06	I gave it a 9/10. I was surprised I loved Drogo's scene the best. Tyrion was awesome as usual. Really though, the whole ep was just pure awesomeness. I was actually not aware that George R.R. Martin wrote the ep until now and wondered why it felt different in some way. Not surprising this one of the best ep!
					
					
							Edited by Lannister Fan, 06 June 2011 - 08:56 AM.
300	Abaddon	2011-06-06	I'm going to go with 8/10.  As per my comment in the other thread, it was just too much crammed into too little time.  The only scene I actively disliked was Arya's 'accidental' killing of the stable boy.  Was glad we got a lot of Robb time and also that they are clearly building up Theon as very much in Robb's trust.  They needed to start doing that in preparation for Season 2 and did it well.I thought GRRM did a nice job of being very economical with his dialogue, still managing to hit most of the high points from the book in very little time.Also, BIG props to the actor playing Joffrey and in general to the writing/direction in general in the Sansa/Joff scene; it was so obviously staged (where Joff accepts Sansa's plea 'graciously' despite the 'protests' of his advisors) and it was just done beautifully.  It was weird to see Pycelle be so forceful; was it like that in the book?  I can't remember.
301	ExLibris	2011-06-06	Best episode to date, GRRM should be scripting every episode (though then we wouldn't be getting Dance with Dragons in July  /leer.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leer:' />). Aside from a few editing and production errors, this episode had me in its grasp from start to finish; the first 10 from me. Some highlights:
	Spoiler Syrio Forel rocking knights with a wooden swordKhal Drogo defeating an opponent without a weapon and then ripping his throat outSer Barristan being awesomeJoffery doing an excellent job at being an assSepta Mordane taking one for the teamLittle Robert Arryn doing an amazing job at being incredibly creepyTyrion and Tywin meeting face to faceRobb and the GreatjonDirewolves!Varys...the actor for him is perfectSansa and Robb getting some more screen time and doing an excellent jobThe Hound..."who do you think sent me?"No lesbian sex scenesNo red-headed wench named Ros
 I'm sure I'm missing a few things. /cheers.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cheers:' />
302	valacirca	2011-06-06	Intriguingly, I found that the material from this episode has been the most sharply written of the series. The written-for-TV scenes also seem to be then most well-integrated ones into the story so far. No doubt this is due to the genius of GRRM... but I thought that the directing from this episode left me wanting more.I felt that there were a handful of scenes that were clumsily directed and the episode as a whole left me underwhelmed.I gave the episode an 8. A far cry from the torrent of 10's that it's been getting so far --- no doubt due to the fact that people must be thinking that if it's written by GRRM, it must be perfect... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' />
303	Daenerys	2011-06-06	I was also disappointed with Arya's first kill, but another scene that was disappointing was Sandor's interaction with Sansa. Now I'm not a "San-San" supporter or anything like that, but I just think Sandor is a great character that's being wasted. And I'm not asking for a long scene there, I just thought something more than "Why do you think they sent me?" would be nice. Does anyone who hasn't read the books even know who Sandor is at this point so late in the season? I wonder because for the most part he's been muzzled and relegated to the background. He seems like a minor character more along the lines of a Meryn Trant or Kevan Lannister (characters you might notice but wouldn't really lose much if you didn't) than the major character he should be.
I guess what I'm saying is there's a lot of scenes in the show that seem to, for whatever reason, lack the impact they deserve and had in the books. Robert's death, Arya's first kill, the wight attack on the Old Bear, anything with Sandor, Dany's wedding (without horse ride), Jon's NW oaths, the KL tournament, most of the direwolf scenes (or lack thereof)...
304	sammycakes	2011-06-06	I was also disappointed with Arya's first kill, but another scene that was disappointing was Sandor's interaction with Sansa. Now I'm not a "San-San" supporter or anything like that, but I just think Sandor is a great character that's being wasted. And I'm not asking for a long scene there, I just thought something more than "Why do you think they sent me?" would be nice. Does anyone who hasn't read the books even know who Sandor is at this point so late in the season? I wonder because for the most part he's been muzzled and relegated to the background. He seems like a minor character more along the lines of a Meryn Trant or Kevan Lannister (characters you might notice but wouldn't really lose much if you didn't) than the major character he should be.I think most non-book readers know him by now as the bad-ass loyal knight of the Lannisters, someone to be feared. That doesn't seem too different a characterization than book-readers had after the first book. They're aware of the Sandor/Gregor backstory. It's not until the second book, if I recall, that you start peeling back the layers a bit.
305	Vargo's Pet Goat	2011-06-06	Excellent, wish they would let GRRM write them all.  But I liked the first 7, too, honestly.
I have been consistently impressed with how the changes have almost all been improvements, which I would not have thought possible.  For example, the way Drogo gets injured is much superior to how it occurred in the book.
As to the comment that the wound was too 'minor" I think that was done on purpose--it makes the subsequent events all the more, um, 'interesting'.
306	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	I gave the episode an 8. A far cry from the torrent of 10's that it's been getting so far --- no doubt due to the fact that people must be thinking that if it's written by GRRM, it must be perfect... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> Maybe just maybe some people are interpreting the scale differently from you.  Is the scale linear or logarithmic? Is the show being compared to other television shows or some idealized imagined form of the book?  Different judges, using different scales get different results.So far, I am convinced that this is the best bit of speculative fiction ever put on television.  Frankly, I don't think there has ever been a well-done fantasy series before this one.  The best of sci-fi (B5 and BSG, in that order, IMO) aren't as strong as this.  The only two shows I have seen that I am absolutely certain are better are The Wire and the old Shogun mini-series.  That makes it a ten in my book.  Proudly.  It isn't perfect, but television is a medium that seldom allows for the perfect.You say this is an eight.  I say that means you think that 20% of the stuff on TV is better than this.  Then I'd say you are wrong.
307	Starkess	2011-06-06	I gave the episode an 8. A far cry from the torrent of 10's that it's been getting so far --- no doubt due to the fact that people must be thinking that if it's written by GRRM, it must be perfect... /dunno.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':dunno:' /> [/font]Or maybe your subjective opinion is just different than theirs? Several people have already stated that they didn't even know this episode was written by GRRM. I personally could care less who writes the episodes--what matters is how much I enjoy watching them.
308	Abaddon	2011-06-06	You say this is an eight.  I say that means you think that 20% of the stuff on TV is better than this.  Then I'd say you are wrong.I gave it an eight, too.  That says, to me, that it's 20% worse than the best episode of GoT I could imagine.  (For the record, I've been giving out a lot of 9's, and would probably give Episode 6 a 9.5, but I'm waiting on a perfect 10).  I already think it's better than 99.99% of TV out there, but just saying "well, the series is great, so every episode is a 10" seems pretty shallow to me.
309	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	I gave it an eight, too.  That says, to me, that it's 20% worse than the best episode of GoT I could imagine.  (For the record, I've been giving out a lot of 9's, and would probably give Episode 6 a 9.5, but I'm waiting on a perfect 10).  I already think it's better than 99.99% of TV out there, but just saying "well, the series is great, so every episode is a 10" seems pretty shallow to me. emphasis mineFine.  You are welcome to judge on any scale you want.  But if people are going to compare the show to their own (mostly unreasonable) expectations, throwing a bone like the highlighted comment out now and then would make these threads a lot less vitriolic.
310	Swordfish	2011-06-06	emphasis mineFine.  You are welcome to judge on any scale you want.  But if people are going to compare the show to their own (mostly unreasonable) expectations, throwing a bone like the highlighted comment out now and then would make these threads a lot less vitriolic.You think this thread is vitriolic?  Really?Just because people gave the episode an 8 out of 10?I haven't seen ANY vitriol in this thread. Like, at all.
311	Huan	2011-06-06	My favorite episode so far. I hope the next two can live up to it! I almost had tears in my eyes watching Septa Mordane's dignified walk towards her doom. That was very well done, as was the Syrio-Arya scene. I even started to like Robb and his interactions with the Greatjon lived up to my expectations although I think that the Greatjon has a bit of a "Karstark edge" relative to the book. Joffrey on the throne was pretty much just as psycho as I imagined. I thought Sean Bean did a great job of portraying Ned as really not grasping the dire situation he's in. I loved the look on his face when Varys told him that Tyrion had slipped through Catelyn's fingers. I liked the way they translated and simplified the Drogo fight/wound scene. To me the weakest scenes were the Wall scenes.
312	Rhaego Dragon	2011-06-06	I did not like that episode that much I liked the previous ones. I missed a little bit the action. Also was very much dissapointed about tyrion not telling about tysha. Hope that it will be mentioned in another way.
313	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	You think this thread is vitriolic?  Really?Just because people gave the episode an 8 out of 10?I haven't seen ANY vitriol in this thread. Like, at all.Note the difference between the term "these" and "this".  Previous incarnations have gotten vitriolic.
314	maxlongstreet	2011-06-06	My first 10. Filled with awesomeness - not a wrong note hit.
Now we just gotta buy GRRM some of those pep pills truckers use so that he can write all of next season's episodes while simultaneously cranking out Winds of Winter.
315	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-06	I gave it an eight, too.  That says, to me, that it's 20% worse than the best episode of GoT I could imagine.  (For the record, I've been giving out a lot of 9's, and would probably give Episode 6 a 9.5, but I'm waiting on a perfect 10).  I already think it's better than 99.99% of TV out there, but just saying "well, the series is great, so every episode is a 10" seems pretty shallow to me.Why would it be shallow? If someone finds the episode better than 99,99% of the available TV and it still only gets an 8 it seems like a real waste of scale resources. To me it seems much more logical to define the 10 as the most enjoyable TV shows you've seen. Putting the 10 as something perfect is the best way to make sure that grade will never be used. Personally I prefer the 1-5 scale, where only the 1 is dedicated to bad things (if it's bad I don't waste more of my time defining how bad it was). That way I don't have to fuss so much over that each grade will inevitably contain works of different quality (something which will happen eventually on every scale). If I want to differ works of art from each other on a fine scale I'm better off explaining myself with words than just telling arbitrary numbers to people.As for the best episodes we can imagine, it seems like a very harsh comparison for a show. I can imagine quite a lot and I don't think I get any more depth in my reasoning that way.
316	ragin_rebel	2011-06-06	i thought it was really good one of my fav episodes so far.  it jumped around a fair bit, but when the books near there end the chapters also get shorter and even reading seems to get hectic.  ill give it a 9, i didnt sh!t my pants or anything but i defintly pissed a little.  no but it was good o and did any one else notice hodor is hung like a freakin mule on cialis.  just saying couldnt help but notice.............hodor.....
317	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-06	Great, a little disappointed at some of the cuts. Most disappointing is Sansa's first betrayal of Ned in going to the Queen to fess up about the escape plan. I liked that step as her hitting bottom with her infatuation with Joff, and now slowly (then not so slowly) the film is removed from her eyes and she sees Joffery and the Queen for who they truly are.
Still a great episode, and it seems to have had the fl00bs all a flutter with heart pounding.
318	tarantella	2011-06-06	10.  There are loads of badass scenes this episode: Syrio beating armed Lannister goons with a wooden stick, Barristan's resignation/dismissal and of course Drogo.  And it was a great set-up for the next episode.  Only complaint might be there was too much jumping around this episode from place to place, and a couple of scenes didn't have the impact they could have.  Arya's first kill for one felt rushed.
319	Renasko	2011-06-06	I was completely pissed off with the standard of the last episode (I gave it a 1 rating), so for this one to be following straight after was just great. Best episode of the season, so far. 10 out of 10.
320	Daenerys	2011-06-06	Episode poll ratings (minimum 100 votes, top and bottom 5% thrown out):
Epi | Title                                   | Rating | 6.........7.........8.........9.........10
----|-----------------------------------------|--------|-------------------------------------------
101 | "Winter Is Coming"                      | 7.9    | ********************
102 | "The Kingsroad"                         | 8.2    | ***********************
103 | "Lord Snow"                             | 7.9    | ********************
104 | "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" | 8.2    | ***********************
105 | "The Wolf and the Lion"                 | 8.8    | *****************************
106 | "A Golden Crown"                        | 8.8    | *****************************
107 | "You Win or You Die"                    | 8.2    | ***********************
108 | "The Pointy End"                        | 9.2    | *********************************
Overall series average - 8.4
321	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Im giving this one a 10.
I hope the crew realizes the best episodes are the ones that are most faithfull with the source material and that the next seasons should be more like this episode.
No Roz and extra stupid sexplotation scenes, please.
In fact this episode was the only one where I felt it was realy true to the source material.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 06 June 2011 - 08:14 PM.
322	valacirca	2011-06-06	Maybe just maybe some people are interpreting the scale differently from you.  Is the scale linear or logarithmic? Is the show being compared to other television shows or some idealized imagined form of the book?  Different judges, using different scales get different results.So far, I am convinced that this is the best bit of speculative fiction ever put on television.  Frankly, I don't think there has ever been a well-done fantasy series before this one.  The best of sci-fi (B5 and BSG, in that order, IMO) aren't as strong as this.  The only two shows I have seen that I am absolutely certain are better are The Wire and the old Shogun mini-series.  That makes it a ten in my book.  Proudly.  It isn't perfect, but television is a medium that seldom allows for the perfect.You say this is an eight.  I say that means you think that 20% of the stuff on TV is better than this.  Then I'd say you are wrong.It doesn't matter how one interprets the scale. When you consider the ratings that the previous episodes got on this site compared to this one (which takes comparisons against any other TV shows out of the question), it's just crazy how much higher this episode is rated over the rest. Nothing particularly special happens, the action scenes are clumsily handled/directed/edited... really couldn't see how anyone can consider this a 10 relative to the previous episodes.
323	YoDaddy	2011-06-06	I kind of expected beforehand because people know this is written by George and I figured that at least some people would have their perceptions altered by that fact (in the same way people are viewing the show in light of the book).Personally I found the episode to be great, although not sure if it's the best of the season.I'm not trying to tell you how to vote but personally I think a scale of 10 is far too rough to have a grade dedicated solely to perfection (perfection is a strong term and if I had a scale where one grade simulated that I would never use it). To me it seems logical that a 9.9 would be rounded off to 10 rather than 9.This bit accurately shows the biggest flaw of public voting though; that people don't even view the scales similarly. I reckon some people see the 1-5 grades as shades of poor, while others go by the devise that it's irrelevant to grade something poor and instead use more of the scale to talk about what's interesting, i.e. what's actually good. So THAT's why I loved it and felt like it followed the books so well. (As stated on page 1) I honestly did not know George wrote it. I haven't paid attention to writers and directors. That being the case....I'm all for George writing the rest.
324	zippypoodle	2011-06-06	Im giving this one a 10.I hope the crew realizes the best episodes are the ones that are most faithfull with the source material and that the next seasons should be more like this episode.No Roz and extra stupid sexplotation scenes, please.In fact this episode was the only one where I felt it was realy true to the source material.In case said people read these boards, I am posting this to formally disagree with you. I think the added material is one of the best aspects of the show. We get to see these characters outside of the locked-in perspectives of the POV chapter characters. I loved the Cersei and Robert in his solar scene. I enjoyed the Varys and Littlefinger in the throneroom scene. The hunting scene where Renly went off on Robert adds so much to Renly's character. I don't want the writers to think that all book readers get upset when they take one step off the path.ETA: I gave this episode an 8. Very good, but I liked two or possibly three of the others better.
					
					
							Edited by zippypoodle, 06 June 2011 - 09:04 PM.
325	tarantella	2011-06-06	In case said people read these boards, I am posting this to formally disagree with you. I think the added material is one of the best aspects of the show. We get to see these characters outside of the locked-in perspectives of the POV chapter characters. I loved the Cersei and Robert in his solar scene. I enjoyed the Varys and Littlefinger in the throneroom scene. The hunting scene where Renly went off on Robert adds so much to Renly's character. I don't want the writers to think that all book readers get upset when they take one step off the path.ETA: I gave this episode an 8. Very good, but I liked two or possibly three of the others better.I'd agree with that, at least for the most part.  My favorite scene in the last episode was one of the original ones, the opening scene with Tywin and Jaime, which I thought was a great way to introduce Tywin's character.  I'd be disappointed if everything I saw in the adaptation was a one to one match to the books.However, these scene have to add something to be any good.  Littlefinger's pimp scene in ep 7 didn't add a thing.  In fact I thought it took something away, by having LF spell out just why he acts like such a bastard instead of having the audience figure it out for themselves.  And the lesbian softcore backdrop made me feel like I was watching a high budget fantasy-themed porn for a few minutes.  Hopefully the writers have learned their lesson from the reactions to that scene, both from readers and non-readers.
					
					
							Edited by tarantella, 06 June 2011 - 09:15 PM.
326	R & R	2011-06-06	[warning] Off topic [/warning] (one pleads n00bishness).
Didn't know where else to post this, so....
A minor nitpick that affects the story not in the least. Yet my question would be: is anyone else troubled by the fact that the actress playing Arya, who imho is amongst the best of the lot, is clearly *not* left-handed?  Yes, book-Arya is a lefty, but the impact upon the story is insignifcant.  Maisie Williams, the actress, slays the stable boy right-handed.  In an earlier episode she threatens Joffrey with Needle in her right -- her clearly dominant -- hand.  And so forth, there are a few other examples for those who are anally retentive about such detail. 
I suppose my point is that I admire the HBO peeps their attention to detail, but that in some cases they're just setting themselves up for continuity errors.  If one is willing to trim waste, say in terms of direwolves being huskies, then why not allow young Maisie play her part as naturally as she can?  Why compromise her obviously phenomenal talent?
[frameshift]  As for Daenerys, she has (in tv land) proven once she has a certain resistance to damage by fire, and will again prove so (in book land, and obviously in tv land, else the hatching of dragons plot simply won't work).  Jon Snow, not so much; as in tv land the lantern hurts him, though much less than the burns he suffered for months in book land.  If the ability to resist harm from fire is indeed one of the prime requirements for piloting a dragon, I'm gonna go with those who are out of favour with Jon being a future dragon rider.
Anyway, why does it matter book-Arya was left-handed?  Are there hints I've missed?
ETA:  (damn, my very first post & I'm correcting stuff).  As to hints I've missed, having read the books to date, I humbly concede I had nae clue as to the intimate nature of the Loras/Renly relationship.  I missed all of the clues dropped in the books, whatever they were... if there were really any to be had.  Thus I am open to criticism.
					
					
							Edited by Rest & recreation, 06 June 2011 - 09:49 PM.
327	Ser Yberon	2011-06-06	I think it was meant to be in the last episode, rather than this one, but haven't they missed out Sansa running off to the queen about Ned's plans?
Other than that I think they hav done an admirable job in the whole series, other than the porno lesbian scene. Everything else has been done very well. Sam was ace when he gets his compliment. Good actor.
I gave it a 10
328	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	There was a story going around a few months back about how Maisie Williams corrected the producers that Arya was supposed to be left-handed.  And more recently I remember reading something where she said "Sorry, but I tried to make Arya left-handed." For ease and for specific shots they make her use her right hand. 
But wasn't she using her left hand in her scene in The Pointy End with Syrio?
329	iheartseverus	2011-06-06	There was a story going around a few months back about how Maisie Williams corrected the producers that Arya was supposed to be left-handed.  And more recently I remember reading something where she said "Sorry, but I tried to make Arya left-handed." For ease and for specific shots they make her use her right hand. But wasn't she using her left hand in her scene in The Pointy End with Syrio?And the weird thing (I'm a leftie) is that when Cersei handed Sansa the feather-quill to write the letters--Sansa reached out and took the pen with her left hand!  As a life-long leftie, I know that some of 'us' do some things 'rightie', although I don't.  Some lefties bat right-handed in baseball, shoot right-handed in target practice, pull the bow right-handed in archery, stuff like that.  But, writing?  Lefties write left.  Ergo, Sophie, not Maisie, is a genuine leftie.  Just a weird little bit of trivia...
330	snookyrump	2011-06-06	Nine/Ten.
The wight scene could have been given a little more attention to detail.
331	Nick Of Troy	2011-06-06	Arya's scene where she kills the stableboy was terrible IMO. Other scenes were quite good, I loved the one with Septa Mordane meeting the Lannister guards, and finally getting to see Drogo prove why his braid's so long was a treat
332	Isis	2011-06-07	My favourite ep so far.  I especially liked the 'ambiguity' of Syrio's scene with the Kingsguard, which was true to the book.  I can't wait to watch it again actually.
We laughed at the INSTANTANEOUS arrival of the raven carrying Sansa's letter to Rob - it's like e-mail... so then all of those crows sent by Robb when he calls the banners was like a massive outpouring of spam. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
333	Ealdorman Halasahr	2011-06-07	Gave it an eight! My highest score, so far (I think). A very solid episode, where I liked Tyrion's meeting with his father, accompanied by his new friends. (And even if Charles Dance will be a great Tywin Lannister, I don't think I'll ever get used to the Lord of Casterly Rock smiling.)
I also liked the development of Robb Stark, and his kind of tensed meeting with his mother was great, I think.
Mr. Martin gave the characters life and depth.
And, the dancing lesson ended pretty much the way it did in the book, so no complaints there.
So, a solid, honest work.
334	Greyjoy67	2011-06-07	My favourite episode since ep 1. Robb's development is really working, and despite the complaints, I found Sansa quite endearing in this episode. Well, maybe not endearing, but definitely sympathetic - and a bit closer to the book Sansa (I've only read GoT so far). 
I also feel I should shout out to Bran, and Hempstead-Wright who plays him. I'm biased because Bran is one of my favourite characters along with Arya (He has that kind of innocence that stands out on a show like this), but I've not seen many people mention him when talking about the best actors of this series. It's his first performance in any production and he's doing a marvellous job, at times for whole 5 minute scenes where he's doing one-on-one acting. This episode he was very strong, especially in the scene with Osha. 
I also don't find the structure of the episodes too misleading. There's a lot going on, yes, but people would complain if everything wasn't explained adequately. I did find Kevan (is it Kevan?); Tywin's man, a bit too similar to Selmy in looks though.
335	Greywolf2375	2011-06-07	Anyway, why does it matter book-Arya was left-handed?  Are there hints I've missed?ETA:  (damn, my very first post & I'm correcting stuff).  As to hints I've missed, having read the books to date, I humbly concede I had nae clue as to the intimate nature of the Loras/Renly relationship.  I missed all of the clues dropped in the books, whatever they were... if there were really any to be had.  Thus I am open to criticism.In the grand scheme of things, no - it doesn't make much difference.  During the first lesson Syrio did note that she grabbed the sword left handed and stated how that could help her, but other than that it hasn't been a "thing" in the story.For me - a 9.  I didn't really care about the editing of Arya's stab but the fight with the wight was less than expected and while the fight Drogo had was bad ass the cut that apparently will end up killing him looks like less than I have done to myself shaving.
336	tarantella	2011-06-07	For me - a 9.  I didn't really care about the editing of Arya's stab but the fight with the wight was less than expected and while the fight Drogo had was bad ass the cut that apparently will end up killing him looks like less than I have done to myself shaving.It's been a while since I read that part, but I seem to remember the wound Drogo got being really serious in the book.  Like actually life-threatening, not the kind of thing a huge warrior king like Drogo would just walk off.
337	valacirca	2011-06-07	It's been a while since I read that part, but I seem to remember the wound Drogo got being really serious in the book.  Like actually life-threatening, not the kind of thing a huge warrior king like Drogo would just walk off.And I quote:"The arakh cut was wide but shallow; his left nipple was gone, and a flap of bloody flesh and skin dangled from his chest like a wet rag."That's definitely a far cry from how it looked like in the show /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
338	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	For me - a 9.  I didn't really care about the editing of Arya's stab but the fight with the wight was less than expected and while the fight Drogo had was bad ass the cut that apparently will end up killing him looks like less than I have done to myself shaving.Your face must look like a scarred mess then. /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> As for the show they are clearly going to emphasize that it's Mirri that infests his wound and thus that Dany's choice kills him  and destroys the khalesaar.
339	tarantella	2011-06-07	And I quote:"The arakh cut was wide but shallow; his left nipple was gone, and a flap of bloody flesh and skin dangled from his chest like a wet rag."That's definitely a far cry from how it looked like in the show /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Thanks.  I should really pay more attention when I'm rereading this stuff.
340	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-07	AKAIK DrogoÂ´s injury was healing properly but he got the bandage away and put some mudd or shit on the wound and that is why it festered. He took it away because it was "itching".
341	Jaric	2011-06-07	I really enjoyed this episode!  As a reader and long time fan I found it to be the best one yet and the most accurate to the books.  Because none other than GRRM wrote it himself.  There were no random made up scenes, or pointless sex scenes which weren't in the books, but there just to show T&A.  My Biggest complaint to date with the entire show is that because they are doing the entire book in only 10 episodes, they have omitted so many key details, big and small, which fills in a lot of back story, and explains why characters do what they do.  I just hope they do a Clash of Kings with more than 10 episodes.
I feel Martin did a good job in getting as many details in the books, into the episode.
					
					
							Edited by Jaric, 07 June 2011 - 12:10 PM.
342	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	AKAIK DrogoÂ´s injury was healing properly but he got the bandage away and put some mudd or shit on the wound and that is why it festered. He took it away because it was "itching".When we finally see what Mirri did to Dany and Drogo when she had the chance I have a very hard time believing that she ever tried to help Drogo. She didn't even care about her own life anymore, she just wanted to destroy the ones that destroyed her life and people. Seeing how it was GRRM who wrote this episode this could be further indication of that, unless they change anything in the coming episodes.
343	The Night's Watch	2011-06-07	8
But i still don't like Tywin! Totally not how i imagined him /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
344	valacirca	2011-06-07	8But i still don't like Tywin! Totally not how i imagined him /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Surely you're just talking about the physical aspect though? Because by god... Charles Dance nails the role.
345	Greyjoy67	2011-06-07	Surely you're just talking about the physical aspect though? Because by god... Charles Dance nails the role.This. He's exactly how I imagined him physically as well though. Tall, slim and broad.
346	valacirca	2011-06-07	This. He's exactly how I imagined him physically as well though. Tall, slim and broad.Yup. I guess they just didn't get the head right. Isn't he something like bald and has handlebars as facial hair?
347	Songlian	2011-06-07	I gave it a 9. It was the best episode so far for me. It felt dense and solid, lacking the highs and lows of previous episodes.I also agree 100% with Ran: See, the writing? Lovely. The characters? In some cases, they just seemed more real to me, more like what GRRM intended, as if he just sort of shaded things a little differently -- not in a way that was inconsistent with the show, mind you, but just ... by omission, maybe, doing things so they came a little nearer the book.One observation: seeing Robb getting enough attention this episode, I really wish he had been given more development throughout the show. It felt awfully abrupt compared with what we've seen of him so far.
348	sammycakes	2011-06-07	One observation: seeing Robb getting enough attention this episode, I really wish he had been given more development throughout the show. It felt awfully abrupt compared with what we've seen of him so far.I agree, though I thought he was always pretty boring and underdeveloped in the books too.
349	wolverine	2011-06-07	8But i still don't like Tywin! Totally not how i imagined him /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />One of the best episodes so far.  Dance is awesome as Tywin.  How you imagine a character should not have a siginificant bearing on how much you like them.
350	arrowfan	2011-06-08	Woohoo!! Best ep yet, and my first 10 rating.  This is how all the eps should be.  Lots of dialogue straight from the book. Cheered every time I heard em.  Tywin, Tyrion, Bron, Jon, ~~VARYS~~! ... awesome stuff. If only all the eps were done like this one.
351	arrowfan	2011-06-08	I also feel I should shout out to Bran, and Hempstead-Wright who plays him. Absolutely, Bran is awesome in this production and every ep he is in.
352	Asarlai	2011-06-08	While I thought this was among the best episodes, my father, who is a non-reader, thought it was the worst. Ned had already been captured last episode, and he wanted some indication as to the story line of breaking him out.
Hopefully he still wants to watch after next episode... /unsure.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':unsure:' />
353	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-08	It was good, but didn't blow me away:
6>5>7>2>8>4>3>1
354	Aemon Stark	2011-06-08	And I quote:"The arakh cut was wide but shallow; his left nipple was gone, and a flap of bloody flesh and skin dangled from his chest like a wet rag."That's definitely a far cry from how it looked like in the show /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />True... but it was still a long, deep, full thickness wound into subcutaneous tissue and (probably) muscle made by a dirty blade. Wouldn't take much for that to become infected...Anyway, great episode, no qualms or complaints whatsoever. Reading some of these posts here, however, is reminding me a little too much of the kind of nitpicking and anal attention to minute details that is characteristic of Trekkies...
355	Boots	2011-06-08	I loved the episode. I believe they did great justice to Syrio's scene and overall it's just quite excellent. Even the Septa had a good scene. I do hope in the future episodes, and ACOK, we have more Hound scenes. Hopefully that'll be the case.
356	Valmy	2011-06-08	Favorite episode of the season so far.   I did not know GRRM wrote it but fitting then I guess.
Voted 10.
357	The_Black_Fish	2011-06-08	NO BLACKFISH?????  Isn't he supposted to be one of the greatests generals in westeros?  Wasn't he the one who urged rob to go with the strategy to release Riverrun?  How did rob all the sudden know the perfect strategies?  They going to make Rob a super awesome war general and then have him make a terrible strategic blunder....makes no sense. They need to bring in the blackfish.  Besides who will command his outriders and "promise they do not know you are coming"?
I voted 8 just because of that.
358	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-08	NO BLACKFISH?????  Isn't he supposted to be one of the greatests generals in westeros?  Wasn't he the one who urged rob to go with the strategy to release Riverrun?  How did rob all the sudden know the perfect strategies?  They going to make Rob a super awesome war general and then have him make a terrible strategic blunder....makes no sense. They need to bring in the blackfish.  Besides who will command his outriders and "promise they do not know you are coming"?I voted 8 just because of that.No, the Blackfish has nothing to do with that strategy. In the book the Greatjon wants Robb to attack Tywin while the Glovers and Karstarks urges him to join with Edmure against Jaime. It's then Robb himself that comes up with it in the book while he's talking to his mother alone. So your opinion about it not making any sense therefor applies to the book as well.
359	The_Black_Fish	2011-06-08	No, the Blackfish has nothing to do with that strategy. In the book the Greatjon wants Robb to attack Tywin while the Glovers and Karstarks urges him to join with Edmure against Jaime. It's then Robb himself that comes up with it in the book while he's talking to his mother alone. So your opinion about it not making any sense therefor applies to the book as well.Even with that it will have effects down the road.  Who will command at Riverrun when Rob is gone?  Cat's Brother (that means they have to rewrite him)?  What will happen to "A blackfish, on the blackriver, on a black night?"  That will change the Winds of Winter forever.
360	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-08	Even with that it will have effects down the road.  Who will command at Riverrun when Rob is gone?  Cat's Brother (that means they have to rewrite him)?  What will happen to "A blackfish, on the blackriver, on a black night?"  That will change the Winds of Winter forever.The Blackfish will be cast in the next season.
361	Zoran Brbora	2011-06-08	Where is Roose Bolton?????
One of the best characters in the book,you cant levae him out,cmon:(
362	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-08	Where is Roose Bolton?????One of the best characters in the book,you cant levae him out,cmon:(He will likely also be cast in the next season.
363	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-08	My hunch is with Sean Bean and Momoa gone next season, they wanted to wait on casting Roose since his presence really isn't required for season 1 and that will free up some of their casting budget to land a great actor him.
364	Relic	2011-06-09	I rated this episode higher than i have any other this season, but i still wasn't in love with it. Nice to see Ghost and a flash of Greywind tho.
					
					
							Edited by Relic, 09 June 2011 - 11:18 AM.
365	Robb_	2011-06-09	10/10
Best episode yet
366	Hodor_Targaryen	2011-06-09	10/10Best episode yetAgreed.
					
					
							Edited by Hodor_Targaryen, 09 June 2011 - 11:18 AM.
367	The Ranger	2011-06-09	Don't think i would give it a perfect 10 the upcoming episodes have the potential to better it a high 9/10 for me
368	Chelly	2012-01-31	I loved this episode! It was really exciting in the beginning with everything going on in KL. Syrio and Arya's "not today" scene was great and I teared a little when she left him. Septa Mordane was also incredibly brave walking to face what she knows was going to be her death. /frown5.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':frown5:' />
369	Anomandaris86	2011-06-08	Is it just me, or does the casting of Kevin Lannister seem a bit off? I'd always pictured him as a stout man, and as a pretty decent person all in all. The version in the show doesn't seem that way at all. He seems kind of an asshole, by his mannerisms and such. Does anyone agree with me, or are there some things I'm forgetting?
370	Athelstane	2011-06-08	Both Kevan and Tywin and more stout, built like shit brickhouses in the books, except Kevan is a bit more portly.  They sort of softened up both of them in the show.
I was more unimpressed by Timett.  They got the one eye thing, but the actor looks like a far ICP fan with that stupid goatee and whatnot.  Totally not fear-inducing, by any means.
371	Bronn Stone	2011-06-08	Kevan Lannister doesn't really have much of an independent personality in AGOT.  He only becomes interesting when he starts interacting with Tyrion and Cersei in private, away from Tywin.  I think they got that right.  The physical stuff doesn't really matter that much to me.
372	Morrigan	2011-06-08	What bothered me about Kevan is that he looks older than Tywin. That just ain't right. Other than that, I don't have any complains.
373	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-08	What bothered me about Kevan is that he looks older than Tywin. That just ain't right. Other than that, I don't have any complains.Ian Gelder is three years younger than Charles Dance though so the actors are on the right side at least.
374	Morrigan	2011-06-08	Really? Wow, he doesn't look it at all. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Maybe they should have died his hair blond, so that he has the Lannister colours and look a bit younger...
375	Bronn Stone	2011-06-08	What bothered me about Kevan is that he looks older than Tywin. That just ain't right. Other than that, I don't have any complains.Dance is three years older than Gelder.  At that age, brothers looking older/younger than would be chronologically expected is fairly common.In my family, I look the youngest, my elder brother looks ten to fifteen years older than me despite being only four and my youngest brother looks a year or two older than me, despite being more fit and four years younger.  Hair is a huge tell and it does not fall out evenly.
376	Xenophon	2011-06-08	I thought he seemed quite pleasant.  He's certainly seems happier to see Tyrion alive than Tywin, although that's not a particularly high bar.
377	Greywolf2375	2011-06-08	Kevan Lannister doesn't really have much of an independent personality in AGOT.  He only becomes interesting when he starts interacting with Tyrion and Cersei in private, away from Tywin.  I think they got that right.  The physical stuff doesn't really matter that much to me.Agreed, until much later on Kevan is just Charlie McCarthy to Tywins Edgar Bergen.
378	Captain Tripps	2011-06-08	I thought he seemed quite pleasant.  He's certainly seems happier to see Tyrion alive than Tywin, although that's not a particularly high bar.Was going to say this, he had a more genuine seeming smile than Tywin's sneer.
379	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-08	I thought he seemed quite pleasant.  He's certainly seems happier to see Tyrion alive than Tywin, although that's not a particularly high bar.I always got the impression that was Kevan was a nicer if less cunning version of Tywin, so that rather fit well.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 08 June 2011 - 08:32 PM.
380	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-08	Not bovvered about Kevan's physical size/shape. The one character they need to make sure is a jolly fat man is Mace Tyrell.
381	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-09	I dont remember which POV I was reading, probabily one by Tyrion in SoS where he says that even before Tywin became lord he was already mercyless and ruthless. Most sugestions he did to Tyrion grandfather were cold and violent and it seems that not all Lannisters are like Tywin because his father was much more forgiving. Its unfortunate that we all hate the Lannisters, but Jaime and Cersei ended the way they are mostly because of Tywin. Maybe Kevan wasnt such a bad character and that is why he isnt such a bad guy.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 09 June 2011 - 12:28 AM.
382	elmis	2011-06-09	I thought he was a good. Agree that Timmett wasn't what I had hoped for though. Chella more than made up for him though! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
383	Werthead	2011-06-09	Check out Ian Gelder in Torchwood: Children of Earth, where he plays a character with a harsher and more ruthless personality. I think we'll see an evolution similar to the books, with Kevan in the background to start with and then stepping up later on. TV Kevan does seem to be less stoic than his brother, as we see when he actually laughs (or at least smiles) at Bronn's quip.
					
					
							Edited by Werthead, 09 June 2011 - 07:17 AM.
384	Cereal Forel	2011-06-09	I dont remember which POV I was reading, probabily one by Tyrion in SoS where he says that even before Tywin became lord he was already mercyless and ruthless. Most sugestions he did to Tyrion grandfather were cold and violent and it seems that not all Lannisters are like Tywin because his father was much more forgiving. Its unfortunate that we all hate the Lannisters, but Jaime and Cersei ended the way they are mostly because of Tywin. Maybe Kevan wasnt such a bad character and that is why he isnt such a bad guy.Speak for yourself, not all of us hate the Lannisters /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
385	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-09	Gelder doesn't perfectly fit the look I had in mind for Kevan, but his portrayal was fine.  I always viewed him as a less ruthless, more obedient complement to Tywin's alpha dog.
386	Vuron	2011-06-09	Speak for yourself, not all of us hate the Lannisters /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Beat me to it.While I'm here, I'd like to give a shout out to the guy playing Maester Luwin.  He doesn't have a big role, but I think he's doing a great job and fits perfectly with how I imagined him in the books.
387	jellydonut	2011-06-09	Kevan didn't become sympathetic or dare to speak his own mind before later on.
Tyrion's impressions as of AGOT was that 'Kevan Lannister never had a thought Tywin Lannister didn't have before him', remember? It's only in the latest book we get a favorable impression of him.
388	Morrigan	2011-06-09	While I'm here, I'd like to give a shout out to the guy playing Maester Luwin.  He doesn't have a big role, but I think he's doing a great job and fits perfectly with how I imagined him in the books.Agreed, I love his portrayal. Loved his look of fierce, surprised pride when Robb called the banners. Maester Luwin delivered all of Catelyn's children, and he probably acted as a grandfatherly role to all of them too (as a foil to Old Nan who acted like the grandmother with the crazy stories /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />).In season 2, 
	Spoiler I'm going to be so sad when he gets a spear through the back. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' /> His death really bummed me.
Kevan didn't become sympathetic or dare to speak his own mind before later on.Tyrion's impressions as of AGOT was that 'Kevan Lannister never had a thought Tywin Lannister didn't have before him', remember? It's only in the latest book we get a favorable impression of him.Yeah, I remember thinking that Kevan was just Tywin's obedient lapdog, but in ASoS you get a bit of insight into his thought, 
	Spoiler when he rants to the imprisoned Tyrion as to why he respects Tywin so much.
 And then in AFFC he finally comes into his own 
	Spoiler when he puts Cersei back in her place. Hell, the simple "aye, and his father too, I think" line suddenly made me respect him more than I did before. I wonder, did Tywin even know the incest was true or not? I was under the impression that he never believed it, but apparently Kevan was less blind to it, possibly because they aren't his children (Tywin's children have always been his "blind spot", so to speak). And when he tells Cersei that she's as unfit a mother as she is a regent and she throws the wine in his face... brilliant /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
389	Pink Walder Frey	2011-06-09	I also thought Kevan was kind of off - off for his personality and for the scene. IIRC he was welcoming Tyrion very kindly (in a Lannister way), more than you ever could expect from Tywin or Cersei (leaving out Jaimie at this point). He just was kind a off in all ways. Another problem I had with Kevan was, that he looks IMO very much older than Tywin (as Tywin is the older one).
About Kevan's character developement I have to disagree a bit with the offered opionions. He certainly was kind of a "lesser Tywin", but he also had his own personality. Greating Tyrion kindly in the first way was the best sign for it in the books - Tywin did react much different. So, as many of you pointed out, he is very much seconding Tywin, but he is not absolutley the same - not while Tywin is alive and especially not after his death. But he just does not have so much screen time. He is a loyal follower to his elder brother and he would always back up him, but as a character, he is not absolutely similar to him.
While his first appearence did not seem so good to me, I'm confident, that it'll be getting nearer to the real Kevan, while story is proceeding.
What really more bothered me was to see Lord Tywin smiling in this scene - it was briefly but it was there, and I disliked it more than all about Kevan.
And well, about other characters mentioned:
Timett was really off, as some others pointed out. I always imagined him as young, but thin and gaunt, but on the show he looked like one-eyed Sam dressed as a clansman...
Chella loked better, but she was looking much too shy for me.
And while we're talking about people looking alike: did anyone notice that Robb and Jon seem more and more to look alike? - I'm not sure if this is just imagination, but it seemed to me so...
Also about Robb: While Richard Madden was acting very well, especially in EP09,, I think his hugs are kind of way off - when he hugs someone he seems to gaze into nowhere.
390	Godlikebuthumble	2011-06-09	Memo to Charles Dance:
You're smiling. Cut that out.
That would be all.
P.S.: Kevan... pretty blah, but it's friggin Kevan "Didn't Know You Were There" Lannister. Guy might have to start growing a personality by S3, but until then, I don't much care.
391	Lews	2011-06-11	I thought both Kevin and Tywin are casted perfectly and are acting fantastically. Looking forward to seeing them more in future seasons.
392	Trinket	2011-06-11	Speak for yourself, not all of us hate the Lannisters /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Agreed, the Lannisters are my favorite characters. They are diverse characters with alot of personality and plenty of personal issues. They're great, and I wish we had seen even more of Tywin in the books. The only Lannister I don't like is Joff, but GRRM has handled that.On topic, I didn't think there was a problem with how Kevan was portrayed. Both him and Tywin could be a bit larger, but I don't think it matters much.
					
					
							Edited by Trinket, 11 June 2011 - 03:22 AM.
393	Panjer	2011-06-11	He seemed okay to me, except for one thing.
When Tywin says 'Robert is dead, Joffrey rules now.' Tyrion looks over to Kevan who's got this ridiculous smirk on his face. Like he's saying 'Oh yeah, shit's going down and we're on top of it.'
					
					
							Edited by Panjer, 11 June 2011 - 05:04 AM.
394	Spionkop	2011-06-11	Kevan didn't become sympathetic or dare to speak his own mind before later on.Tyrion's impressions as of AGOT was that 'Kevan Lannister never had a thought Tywin Lannister didn't have before him', remember? It's only in the latest book we get a favorable impression of him.That's just Tyrions own hatred of his father seeping through, Kevan respects Tywin so much he follows him with absolutely loyalty, He's a more accessable and not as clever(but still very capable) version of Tywin.
395	tarantella	2011-06-11	I thought Tywin's "smile" was more of a sneering sort of smile.  Though he shouldn't be doing that either.
I liked how Kevan came off.  Loyal to his brother, seems to have an okay relationship with Tyrion.  I didn't get a single other impression about Kevan in the books until a lot later on, so this is fine.
396	MyDogIsNamedDanerys	2011-06-11	omg you guys, he was on the screen for a total of 10 seconds so far?  There's been less discussion of many, major characters than of Kevan.  
Whatisthisidonteven.
397	Karen_Stone	2014-04-01	Huh, it's been almost three years since the last response here...And since I am done with the books and just started with the series, I guess I will be refreshing a lot of topics 
Â 
Back to the main topic. Kevan is more or less what I imagined him to be while I was reading the books, humble, quiet, hidden in the shadow of his brother. I have to agree, though, that he seems to be older than Tywin, but it does not affect my general reception.
However, Charles Dance is FAR too warm for my liking. I have always found Tywin chillingly cold, especially when it comes to his relationship with Tyrion, but so far Mr Dance has made him almost amiable. I hope it will change in the second season.
398	tyrionsparamour	2013-02-22	hello fellow fans this is my first post so please dont jump down my throat and if its been discussed before sorry for bringing it up.
i just got finish watching season 1 episode 8 and right after robb sets a lannister scout free there is a quick scene of ned stark in 
the black cells and turnkey comes and wakes him up and points to something the scene cuts. now i could be wrong but to me 
it looks like furs plus they dont show the turnkeys face. I could just be a stark fan not wanting to deal with his death but i believe  
this is a clue to something. even if you read arya chapter where ned is brought out to the sept she describes a man who looks nothing 
like ned ( i dont have the book infront of me but i do remember her saying she does not recognize him) now i think the writers for the show 
have some knowledge of the future books to portray the story on tv. if you pay attention to some scenes the characters talk about things that 
are not brought up to later in the series. and what would be the point of showing that scene if it was just some asshole messing with ned .now here is
where the crack pot theory ned is alive maybe even the hooded man? who knows but i really have a feeling it means something. i dont wanna go on because
i already feel like im rambling but please give me your thoughts 
chow and kisses
399	Gauis Julius Caesar	2013-02-22	i know you want him to be alive, as do i. but he's not, he's dead. and by the way, its spelt "ciao" not "chow". not trying to be an ass, just saying
					
					
							Edited by Gauis Julius Caesar, 22 February 2013 - 01:50 PM.
400	Real Heir of  Bear Island	2013-02-22	The books and the TV series are independent of each other. Things are shown in the series that didn't happen in the books and vise-versa. I havent' watched that episode in some time and don't remember the exact scene but it could have been a trun key summoning him or Varys entering.
401	Gauis Julius Caesar	2013-02-22	The books and the TV series are independent of each other. Things are shown in the series that didn't happen in the books and vise-versa. I havent' watched that episode in some time and don't remember the exact scene but it could have been a trun key summoning him or Varys entering.just for the record, i dont think they're indepedent enough to change the story outright. besides, if they were to pull that sort of stunt, they'd do it with robb and the red wedding. (tangent warning) but i think how people take the red wedding will determine how much longer AGOT on tv lasts
402	Old Man Aegon	2013-02-22	Ned is dead. 
You think he would let his family die like that without doing anything?
While the TV series is its own medium D&D have made it clear that they are working with the material that George has created. They dont fabricate things that are completely out of the blue.
Ser Alton for example, took the part of Cleos and then they were able to use his death to kill of Torrhen and therefor get Rickards rage in aswell. Nothing they added is without a point that exists in the story.
The changes they do is to make the series better suited for TV.
403	Kittykatknits	2013-02-22	Sorry, but no. I miss Ned too but the truth is that dear old Ned is dead. Poor dead Ned lost his head.
Also, the books are not the tv show and the tv show is not the books. You can't look to the show to prove a theory in the books. Two different universes, two different creators.
404	tyrionsparamour	2013-02-22	i know the two are different but not so much grrm said he chose them 2 to portray the story because they wanted to tell his story .the only reason they change or make up 
things is because they only have 10hrs to shoot but it never strays too far away from the real plot. look at jeyne westerling they cut her and replaced her with whatsherface
because it would have been to long to go into the crag and all the battles. but we still got the idea. and with grrm being so picky bout his baby i dont see him letting them
funk it up or straying away ( he turned down numerous movie deals and other series because they wanted to change it) all im saying is that it was a weird scene to mean
nothing especially us learning varys having that alas
but i could be wrong reaching for things in that dark still like the idea though long live ned lol
oh and thankyou  gauis julius ceasar i guess its just like spelt and spelled
405	Greylander	2011-06-07	A thread for pointing out great little moments... particularly nice touches or dramatic moments, but particularly things that are easy to miss, or to miss the significance/meaning of...One that stand out for me:After Robb calls the Banners, pay attention to the cut to distance shot of Winterfell.  A flock of hundreds of Ravens fly up and out in all directions... the calls of the Ravens give an ominous note to the meaning of "calling the banners"... and their sheer number hints at just how many bannermen owe allegiance to House Stark...  a beautiful cinematic moment, but so easy to overlook or fail to recognize it's meaning.Another that comes to mind are the looks and hesitation between Cat & Robb, holding back their emotions as he must no longer play the boy.So what are your great little moments from ep 8?Maybe each ep should have (had) a thread like this?
406	Ser Greguh	2011-06-07	I wouldn't call either of those little details: both were the centerpieces of their respective shots.  I did like, however, that Tywin conspicuously moved his wine container out of Tyrion's reach and that Tyrion kept reaching for it but not quite being able to reach without leaning, until Tywin got up and he finally got his hands on it.
407	Doom of Valyria	2011-06-07	During Drogo's fight scene, when he mentioned something about the other guy's bones, I noticed he said "tolorro" - like Vaes Tolorro, the "City of Bones" from A Clash of Kings. Goes to show the awesome job they did of creating the Dothraki language and dialogue.
408	A Time for Wolves	2011-06-07	Although it wasn't a "little moment", I agree that the Calling the Banners scene was amazing. Took my breath away.
What I loved:
- When Robb orders Maester Luwin to call the banners, I love the expression on Luwin's face. He's taken aback, but proud and impressed. That sort of reminds you of how close-knit and loyal the Stark household is.
- "Tell Lord Tywin, winter is coming for him. Tell him 20,000 northmen are riding south to see if Tywin Lannister really shits gold." <-- Probably mangled that quote, but I don't remember the exact words. Does this qualify as a little moment? Whatever, AWESOME.
- The Hound and Sansa's brief scene. I especially like the awful way he grins at her. That's much more like the Hound from the books.
409	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-08	Those are not little moments.
Little is when one of the Kingsguard, the one on the far right, fails to sheat his sword after Barristan leaves. It happens at 58:05.
Another thing I noticed is that in the dothraki scene her bloodriders dont have any weapons besides their swords and one whip.
In the scene where the Greatjon loses his fingers there are a lot of banners on the walls, including the flayed man of Bolton. I only realized that in the third viewing.
Also the Greatjon wears chains in the exact way of his banner. Also in the same scene you can see they added Lady Mormont to the battle discussion and she is siting in the left closest to the camera.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 08 June 2011 - 10:07 AM.
410	Xenophon	2011-06-08	I liked how Tyrion repeated tries to get Bronn to lower his sword as Shagga et. al. approach and Bronn keeps shaking him off.  It's a small detail, but it really helped convey the nature of their relationship.  Bronn obeys Tyrion, but he doesn't trust him yet.
Also, notice how Arya picks up her practice sword and steps beside Syrio, almost like they are going to fight back-to-back.  Gives us a hint of how tough she is.
411	Daedalus	2011-06-08	being a big syrio fan I was paying particular attention during his scene, and there might be a hint towards hist fate (I don't know if this has been noted elsewhere in discussion of this episode): after we cut away behind meryn trants white cloak we have arya running up the stairs, and before the noise from further up starts we hear a metal sound and she turns her head back at that exact moment. I had to listen to it with headphones but im pretty convinced that sound was meant to come specifically from the "dancing" room she just left instead from the slaughter above. Honestly, it sounds like a metal sword falling to the floor. This might very well be just because I really want some indication that Syrio lives, but that would sort of indicate that he disarmed Trant wouldn't it? If  Syrio was cut down there wouldn't be a metal sound, since he wasn't wearing any himself. Or at the least it be an indication that he picked up a sword and fought back. If so, that would be a fantastic and extremely subtle moment!
412	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-08	I head that too, and with headphones.
413	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-08	]I'm not a fan of the theory that Syrio is Jaqen H'ghar, but I'd love it 
	Spoiler  if he managed to escape and make his way to Braavos where he could later meet with a newly blinded Arya in ADWD.  Yes, I know not likely, but I can dream can't I? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 10 June 2011 - 06:16 AM.
							
								hide book spoilers
414	madking	2011-06-08	How would syrio live on? Trant is in later books if syrio lived trant would of have to of lost that fight and therefore died.
415	Bronn Stone	2011-06-08	How would syrio live on? Trant is in later books if syrio lived trant would of have to of lost that fight and therefore died.The First Sword of Braavos only kills when he chooses to.  A whack upside the head could have easily knocked him unconscious.
416	modehead	2011-06-08	During Drogo's fight scene, when he mentioned something about the other guy's bones, I noticed he said "tolorro" - like Vaes Tolorro, the "City of Bones" from A Clash of Kings. Goes to show the awesome job they did of creating the Dothraki language and dialogue.Wow. As if his soliloquy couldn't have gotten any better! Awesome.
417	Ser Bronn o the Blackwater	2011-06-08	The First Sword of Braavos only kills when he chooses to.  A whack upside the head could have easily knocked him unconscious.I agree with this. Plus, if he had really wanted to kill anyone, (granted, I know it's not the Braavosi style of swordplay), there were plenty of fallen Lannister swords laying about after he knocked the shit out of all of them...
418	Morrigan	2011-06-08	I never noticed the Tolorro thing, but a friend told me, and she also told me that "I am" is the same as in Arabic, haha. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
I never noticed Maege Mormont either, I had to rewatch really carefully with precise pausing and stuff. Wow, you guys are good. But I'm glad she was there. No doubt just an extra, since Maege has few lines, but very cool nonetheless.
Is Lord Rickard Karkstark cast? I hope they don't combine Lord Karkstark and Lord Umber in one character. 
(book 3 spoilers, not sure if we're allowed those here) 
	Spoiler The Greatjon is fiercely loyal, I would be sad to see him betray Robb in S3.

					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 08 June 2011 - 04:12 PM.
419	madking	2011-06-08	Spoiler When did he betray rob? Iirc after the red wedding he was held captive at the twins

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 10 June 2011 - 05:57 AM.
							
								hide a book spoiler
420	Ranmyaku	2011-06-08	I was looking forward to and enjoyed the Syrio vs Lannister Guards moment. I think all us Syrio fans were. I don't think he's J'aqen either, at all. But as is often mentioned, if he escaped, there's no way Meryn Trant would have told Cersei. Being as he was armed, armoured and a member of the Kingsguard, WITH his own escort of five Lannister Guardsmen.
Didn't notice Maege Mormont, or the language..Well done guys! I wanna see the banners now, time for a rewatch!
421	Morrigan	2011-06-08	Spoiler  When did he betray rob? Iirc after the red wedding he was held captive at the twins 
(ASoS spoilers)
	Spoiler He (the Greatjon) doesn't, that's the thing. But Lord Karstark does, by murdering the young Lannister prisoners. I'm just hoping they haven't combined Lord Karstark and the Greatjon into one character for the TV series, since I haven't heard about Rickard Karstark being cast, and if he's not in S1, then his sons aren't killed by Jaime, and he has no reason to betray Robb... maybe they'll remove the Karstark subplot entirely for TV, I don't know. It's probably not essential (unless GRRM has further plan for this house later on) but it does show Robb losing his support from the Northmen. 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 10 June 2011 - 05:57 AM.
							
								hide a book spoiler
422	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-08	How would syrio live on? Trant is in later books if syrio lived trant would of have to of lost that fight and therefore died.Or got unconscious.
423	gogorath	2011-06-08	It's not that little, but I thought the best acting job of the episode was during the Greatjon scene -- the kid who plays Bran has this fantastic "You people are freaking nuts!" look on his face, then he adds the tiniest hint of a smile as if he knows he's supposed to be laughing along but has no idea why.
And both the Greatjon and Robb had great parts of that scene as well.  The only thing that really bothers me about it is: where the heck did Ghost go?  He just kind of disappears.
424	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-09	It's not that little, but I thought the best acting job of the episode was during the Greatjon scene -- the kid who plays Bran has this fantastic "You people are freaking nuts!" look on his face, then he adds the tiniest hint of a smile as if he knows he's supposed to be laughing along but has no idea why.And both the Greatjon and Robb had great parts of that scene as well.  The only thing that really bothers me about it is: where the heck did Ghost go?  He just kind of disappears.He went somewhere where he could eat the fingers alone.
425	madman2711	2011-06-09	Ghost is with Jon Snow at the Wall
Robb has Grey Wind
426	Anomandaris86	2011-06-09	I liked Osha's conversation with Bran, when she's talking about Robb going south. Especially the line "The gods can't protect him there." 
	Spoiler  What excellent foreshadowing. 

					
					
							Edited by Xray the Enforcer, 10 June 2011 - 05:59 AM.
							
								hide book spoiler
427	KingWolf	2011-06-09	I also happened to see Lady Mormont on my second viewing. I also noticed during the scene with Tyrion and Tywin, Tywin moved the wine from Tyrions reach. Also during the conversation Tyrion seemed to try and not look his father directly in the eyes.
428	JackintheBeanstalk	2011-06-09	Varys's "gaolor" disguise.
429	Joanna vander Poele	2011-06-09	When Sansa is going on about how she'll be a perfect wife for Joff and not hatch any plans, Cersei has a completely WTF look on her face, like even she can't believe how hilariously out-of-it Sansa is. I love my Stark princess, but she is just so... not there at times. She does get better though /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
430	Morrigan	2011-06-09	I actually didn't like Varys's gaoler disguise much. He's still too recognizable as Varys. He needs the beard, at least.
431	denstorebog	2011-06-09	When Sansa is going on about how she'll be a perfect wife for Joff and not hatch any plans, Cersei has a completely WTF look on her face, like even she can't believe how hilariously out-of-it Sansa is.The reason for Cersei's expression in that moment is quite another, actually.
432	Godlikebuthumble	2011-06-09	Ummm... HODOR?  /leaving.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':leaving:' />
433	Vestrit	2011-06-10	It's not that little, but I thought the best acting job of the episode was during the Greatjon scene -- the kid who plays Bran has this fantastic "You people are freaking nuts!" look on his face, then he adds the tiniest hint of a smile as if he knows he's supposed to be laughing along but has no idea why.Yeah, I loved that too. It was absolutely spot on, as is your analysis on itIt may not be a small thing and may have been obvious to everybody else but I missed it completely on the first watch, and that was the pile of severed heads next to Dhrogo's chair. Didn't see it on the first watch and then was like 'What the hell is that... Oh' on the second watch
434	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-10	[mod] please remember that this is a TV SPOILERS thread. That means NO SPOILERS for anything from future books. thank you. [/mod]
435	Black Sheep	2011-06-10	(ASoS spoilers)
	Spoiler He (the Greatjon) doesn't, that's the thing. But Lord Karstark does, by murdering the young Lannister prisoners. I'm just hoping they haven't combined Lord Karstark and the Greatjon into one character for the TV series, since I haven't heard about Rickard Karstark being cast, and if he's not in S1, then his sons aren't killed by Jaime, and he has no reason to betray Robb... maybe they'll remove the Karstark subplot entirely for TV, I don't know. It's probably not essential (unless GRRM has further plan for this house later on) but it does show Robb losing his support from the Northmen. 

	Spoiler It's entirely plausible that they will cast Lord Karstark for the next season, and to establish his storyline it'll be mentioned that his sons were killed. (maybe even show him at their funeral pyre)
436	Estelindis	2011-06-10	Re-watching the final scene again, I just noticed something after Ser Barristan throws down his sword.  Of the three Kingsguard we can see in front of Joffrey, only Ser Meryn (the one who went after Arya) was able to resheathe his sword without looking at the scabbard.  Learning how to put one's sword back in one's scabbard by feel rather than needing to lower one's eyes is fairly basic stuff (at least in my experience with learning swordwork), so it's just more evidence that Barristan could've cut through them like cake.  ;-)  Or, you know, that the other Kingsguard actors could just be placeholders with no particular sword skill...  But wasn't that armour made to fit them specially?
EDIT: Actually, on the long shot of Barristan walking out, when you see the Kingsguard from behind, the rightmost fellow doesn't even seem to be able to resheathe his sword at all!
Furthermore (again, only just noticed this), Sansa is followed into the throne room by two Lannister guards and flanked by them as she watches the scene before she makes her plea.  It really underlines her status as a prisoner.
					
					
							Edited by Estelindis, 10 June 2011 - 09:20 AM.
437	paddydubh	2011-06-10	In the scene where the Greatjon loses his fingers there are a lot of banners on the walls, including the flayed man of Bolton. I only realized that in the third viewing.Also the Greatjon wears chains in the exact way of his banner. Also in the same scene you can see they added Lady Mormont to the battle discussion and she is siting in the left closest to the camera.These were my favourites as well. I love whe any heraldry gets in! I really think the show could have done more with heraldry Ie Bran should wear more surcoats wiht the direwolf, or more colours from Renly etc.
438	GoTreviews	2011-06-11	Little is when one of the Kingsguard, the one on the far right, fails to sheat his sword after Barristan leaves. It happens at 58:05.ahah, thanks, this is awesome. Estelindis' right, this might even be intentional, everyone but Meryn  actually looks at the scabard... that's a subtle way to indicate they're not the Swordmen we used to find in the Kingsguard. Maybe too subtle to really be intentionnal ? Hmm...
439	Knight Of The North	2011-06-11	I like to assume the best of HBO and say it was deliberate; they've been doing swordfights a long time, shouldn't be too hard to say "Look, guys, make sure you sheathe your swords properly, k?"
I love that detail because it symbolises an end of an Era for the Kingsguard; with Barristan Selmy's retirement, the old breed of honourable, staunch, dedicated and massively proficient Knights have died out.
Sad face /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
440	So1ar	2011-06-11	Is Lord Rickard Karkstark cast? I hope they don't combine Lord Karkstark and Lord Umber in one character. I don't know if he is officially cast but there is a character sitting at the table, when Lord Umber calls out Robb, and on his armor is a white sun which is the symbol of their house. so at the moment they may have an extra playing him but he is definitely in the show.
441	Gongsun Zan	2011-06-11	There's a man with a battle axe on his coat standing just behind the Greatjon when he's threatening Robb. Cley Cerwyn, probably?
442	WinnerByHabit	2011-06-11	Hey Guys /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
 When the Starks and their banners are discussing plans, ( Before the spy is caught) It is said that they have 18,000 men. But when interrogating the spy, The spy said he counted "20,000, maybe more." I think that is the reason he was allowed to leave unharmed, So that the lannister army would think that they had even more soldiers. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Im probably not the first one to catch this (going by how in depth your guys answers are) But I think its a cool little thing to consider.
443	iheartseverus	2011-06-11	Hey Guys /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />When the Starks and their banners are discussing plans, ( Before the spy is caught) It is said that they have 18,000 men. But when interrogating the spy, The spy said he counted "20,000, maybe more." I think that is the reason he was allowed to leave unharmed, So that the lannister army would think that they had even more soldiers. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Im probably not the first one to catch this (going by how in depth your guys answers are) But I think its a cool little thing to consider.It's probably one of the reasons that Robb let that spy go, so he could go back to Tywin and report that (scared-spy-inflated) number.  Plus, Robb wanted that inflated number reported to Tywin so that Tywin would throw even more of his forces against them, while of course Robb's real plan was to strike elsewhere (against Jaime in the Riverlands). ETA:  I forget my courtesies (Sansa would be appalled).  Welcome to the board, WinnerByHabit!
					
					
							Edited by iheartseverus, 11 June 2011 - 11:28 PM.
444	WinnerByHabit	2011-06-11	Haha, Thanks!
"so that Tywin would throw even more of his forces against them, while of course Robb's real plan was to strike elsewhere (against Jaime in the Riverlands). "
I hope thats just a clever idea of yours and you havent read the books :/ Ive only been watching the HBO's and This forum is a workout for me trying to make so I dont spoil it for me. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
445	Lannister Fan	2011-06-12	I'm afraid Hodor's Free Willy traumatized me a little.
					
					
							Edited by Lannister Fan, 12 June 2011 - 05:53 AM.
446	malarky1231	2011-06-12	The Bolton banner looks like the UK flag
447	amanda1111b	2011-06-19	Tiny detail and off from the books, but I love how Drogo flexed into the blade with that wild gleem in his eye during the fight.  It showed just what a bad azz he is and why his hair was never cut.
448	Northern	2011-06-20	I'm afraid Hodor's Free Willy traumatized me a little.You may be happy to know that Hodor's not so little Hodor was prosthetic...Natilia Tena (Osha) mentioned playing with it in her Thronecast interview.
449	fitheach	2011-06-23	Rikkon is a tough little mofo... It is known.
Oh, and I was pretty sad to not have the moment between Bran and Robb (before Robb goes south). It's a very emotional moment, Robb shows his fear to Bran in the dark of the Bran's bedroom... I loved that scene in the novels.
					
					
							Edited by fitheach, 23 June 2011 - 11:30 PM.
450	malarky1231	2011-06-24	You may be happy to know that Hodor's not so little Hodor was prosthetic...Natilia Tena (Osha) mentioned playing with it in her Thronecast interview.Wow what a naughty girl
451	-Sansa-	2012-11-05	- The Hound and Sansa's brief scene. I especially like the awful way he grins at her. That's much more like the Hound from the books.Yes, indeed , and the voice of Rory is amazing too. /drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' />
452	Old Man Aegon	2012-12-02	A funny thing is that in episode 10, when the singer gets his tounge removed theres  atleast 9 kingsguard present. 5 by the throne and 4 by the door. There are two more guards by the door but I cant make out their armor.
Then considering Jaime's a captive this means Joffrey really expanded his personal guard force /smile.png' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
453	ferthepoet	2011-06-09	Does anyone remembers any TV episode of any other show to have so many regular or recurring characters in a single episode, it had almost all of the season cast except Jamie, Tomen and Myrcella and those characters who had already been killed, plus introduced 5 new characters which are to be recurrent.  I think this has to be a new record for TV, not even Battlestar Galactica (in)famous for its amount of characters I remember having so many in a single episode.
454	TheEvilKing	2011-06-11	The Wire, possibly, in it's later seasons.
455	madking	2011-06-11	Heroes had alot too. There would be episodes where several characters story arc would be left out.
456	TheEvilKing	2011-06-11	Just had a count on IMDB. The Wire's finally episode had 84 actors! Whew! Last GOT ep had 55.
457	ferthepoet	2011-06-11	Didn't know about the wire, 88 is amazing, I don't think heroes came to have as many regular and recurring characters in a single episode
458	Robb_	2011-06-12	Lost's finale must have had a good few.
459	Abaddon	2011-06-12	Is that 84 actors, or 84 speaking parts?  84 actors isn't that much, 84 speaking parts would be insane.
460	TyrionsFlagon	2011-12-06	Probably speaking parts. The Wire and GoT are similar in that sense. I watched the show before I read any books, so I was waaaaaay confused in the first couple episodes b/c of all the characters. The Wire was the same way.
The best description I got for GoT was that is was "Lord of the Rings meets The Wire."
461	tybeechris	2011-06-08	Is Boros the Kingsgard who comes for Arya. Also seen in throne room. Could not catch name but seems logical choice?
462	sh_wulff	2011-06-09	Is Boros the Kingsgard who comes for Arya. Also seen in throne room. Could not catch name but seems logical choice? In the book it was Meryn Trant
463	Werthead	2011-06-09	Is Boros the Kingsgard who comes for Arya. Also seen in throne room. Could not catch name but seems logical choice?That's Ser Meryn Trant, played by Ian Beattie.
464	Morrigan	2011-06-09	And that's also why Ser Meryn ends up on Arya's "prayer".
465	Knight of Ashes	2011-09-07	I'll bet a hundred dragons that this is the first Boros Blount thread ever! /cool4.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':cool4:' />
466	B1sjul	2011-09-09	I don't think we've been introduced to Boros yet. I mean, we've seen him, but I don't think he's had any interaction.
Not sure.
467	valacirca	2011-05-17	Whoa, I just discovered that this episode will the only one penned solely by GRRM for Season 1. Why is that? I really don't know how to feel about it. I love his writing on paper, but I imagine it's a completely different thing to be writing for TV and he hasn't done it in almost two decades.I wonder if the tone of this episode will be different compared to the rest of the episodes... if it will stand out or flow smoothly and cohesively with the entire series.I'm cautiously optimistic/excited. Intrigued more than anything.
					
					
							Edited by Ran, 17 May 2011 - 04:51 AM.
468	Ran	2011-05-17	I don't expect the tone will be vastly different, as the story was broken down by D&D with him, and he would have notes about tone and things like that to make sure it meshed with prior episodes. It should be great.
469	Abaddon	2011-05-17	I wonder if the tone of this episode will be different compared to the rest of the episodes... if it will stand out or flow smoothly and cohesively with the entire series.Episode 4 was written by Bryan Cogman, who only wrote that one episode.  Did that stand out for you?  (It didn't for me).Also, it's worth noting that the script Bryan handed had some alterations and additions not from him... for example he noted that the Viserys/Doreah scene wasn't written by him.  George has mentioned that his first draft came back for changes because they couldn't film one of the scenes the way he had written it due to budget reasons.  So yeah, despite being written by George, I am sure it was reviewed and edited and maybe even changed/added to by D&D to make sure it fit with the rest.
470	Ser Latecomer	2011-05-17	Whoa, I just discovered that this episode will the only one penned solely by GRRM for Season 1. Why is that? I really don't know how to feel about it. I love his writing on paper, but I imagine it's a completely different thing to be writing for TV and he hasn't done it in almost two decades.I wonder if the tone of this episode will be different compared to the rest of the episodes... if it will stand out or flow smoothly and cohesively with the entire series.I'm cautiously optimistic/excited. Intrigued more than anything.Perhaps there is a scene in this episode that needs to contain exactly the right type of foreshadowing, not too much to spoil future plot twists and yet not so little that said plot twist comes out of left field.Tower of Joy?  I can only hope.
471	jaeherys	2011-05-17	George has plenty of experience writing for TV.
472	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-17	Perhaps there is a scene in this episode that needs to contain exactly the right type of foreshadowing, not too much to spoil future plot twists and yet not so little that said plot twist comes out of left field.Tower of Joy?  I can only hope.That wouldn't require George to pen a whole episode, just the jkey scene. Not even that, he'd just have to have editorial control over the key scene.I believe it was just a matter of part of the rights agreement that George gets to hold thepen on one episode per season. And as has been observed already there's plenty of editorial oversight of episode content/style which significantly affects how it comes out on screen. Then there's the director's influence and the editing too.
473	El Duderino	2011-05-18	so HBO has yet to put up the ep info for this one, wonder how long they'll keep it hidden. The previous 7 have been up for weeks. Obv most can guess why has to do w/ how they'll end ep 7.
474	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-19	so HBO has yet to put up the ep info for this one, wonder how long they'll keep it hidden. The previous 7 have been up for weeks. Obv most can guess why has to do w/ how they'll end ep 7.Summaries for 8 9 10
475	PestilencE	2011-05-21	Yeah, I noticed it as well and think it's fucking badass that George himself is writing that epic episode. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />Episode 4 was written by Bryan Cogman, who only wrote that one episode.  Did that stand out for you?  (It didn't for me).Frankly, it did stand out for me, and ep 4 is my least favorite episode so far.
476	Prince of the North	2011-05-23	Perhaps there is a scene in this episode that needs to contain exactly the right type of foreshadowing, not too much to spoil future plot twists and yet not so little that said plot twist comes out of left field.Tower of Joy?  I can only hope.I cannot even describe how much I'm looking forward to the ToJ flashback/fever dream!  I will be very interested to see how it is handled and I do believe it's no coincidence that Martin will probably be the one to write it for the show.
477	End of Disc One	2011-05-23	I cannot even describe how much I'm looking forward to the ToJ flashback/fever dream!  I will be very interested to see how it is handled and I do believe it's no coincidence that Martin will probably be the one to write it for the show.Don't get your hopes up bro--I doub the ToJ scene will be shown.  If they were following the book it would have been shown already.
478	Prince of the North	2011-05-23	Don't get your hopes up bro--I doub the ToJ scene will be shown.  If they were following the book it would have been shown already.Huh, I thought... 
	Spoiler Ned had the ToJ dream while in the Black Cells and he hasn't been thrown in them yet.
Besides, it would be a crime against humanity if the ToJ dream is not shown in some way /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
					
					
							Edited by Prince of the North, 23 May 2011 - 04:57 PM.
479	Balefont	2011-05-23	ToJ technically happened prior to Ned waking to find Robert and Cersei waiting over him in his bed.  So yes, technically it should already have happened.  And I highly doubt the scene will happen in the show.  As much as I'd love to see it, it would be jarring for the non-readers, imo.
480	Renasko	2011-05-23	Perfect time for George to be involved in this series. Hopefully the result will be telling and it'll be the best episode, so far.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
481	Prince of the North	2011-05-23	Don't get your hopes up bro--I doub the ToJ scene will be shown.  If they were following the book it would have been shown already.ToJ technically happened prior to Ned waking to find Robert and Cersei waiting over him in his bed.  So yes, technically it should already have happened.  And I highly doubt the scene will happen in the show.  As much as I'd love to see it, it would be jarring for the non-readers, imo.Yes, thanks, you're both right and my memory's worse than I thought /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   Damn!  I wish D&D would have included it.  
	Spoiler Oh well, maybe we can just throw it on the pile of more possible "evidence" of R+L=J?  Why would they exclude it? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
  I'm curious, though, Balefont - why do you think it would be jarring to non-readers?
482	Vuron	2011-05-24	Yes, thanks, you're both right and my memory's worse than I thought /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />   Damn!  I wish D&D would have included it.  
	Spoiler Oh well, maybe we can just throw it on the pile of more possible "evidence" of R+L=J?  Why would they exclude it? /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
  I'm curious, though, Balefont - why do you think it would be jarring to non-readers?Below is the link to the latest discussion about the ToJ.http://asoiaf.wester...-battle-at-the/
483	Bronn's Bastard	2011-05-24	so HBO has yet to put up the ep info for this one, wonder how long they'll keep it hidden. The previous 7 have been up for weeks. Obv most can guess why has to do w/ how they'll end ep 7.if you have hbogo hit info on ep 7 and there is a preview for ep 8 in there just FYI
484	Prince of the North	2011-05-24	Below is the link to the latest discussion about the ToJ.http://asoiaf.wester...-battle-at-the/Thanks!  Just checked it out and I agree with you! /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
485	montana	2011-05-25	Whoa, I just discovered that this episode will the only one penned solely by GRRM for Season 1. Why is that? I really don't know how to feel about it. I love his writing on paper, but I imagine it's a completely different thing to be writing for TV and he hasn't done it in almost two decades.I wonder if the tone of this episode will be different compared to the rest of the episodes... if it will stand out or flow smoothly and cohesively with the entire series.I'm cautiously optimistic/excited. Intrigued more than anything.What I find to be intriguing will be how this series will endÂ<U+0085> will it be true to the book?  If so the final scenes will, I would think, be very costly to produce.  Writing is one thing and easily done however transferring to the screen is a whole different kettle of fish.  (DuhhÂ<U+0085> stating the obvious, obviously) It will be interesting nonethelessÂ
486	Aoife	2011-05-25	This is probably not the right spot for that discussion -- either the Ep 10 section or a non-ep-specific forum would be better, but you were vague and I'll reply in kind. There has been an interview with people involved in that final*** scene, and yes it will be similar* to the books, and yes they've been focusing on it very intently, and no it's not actually done yet**.
* Probably very close to the same, but nothiing will be identical, so i just use 'similar' here.
** Was not done as of the time of the interview. Might be done today, might not.
*** I'm guessing it'll be the final shot, though that wasn't totally confirmed.
487	montana	2011-05-26	This is probably not the right spot for that discussion -- either the Ep 10 section or a non-ep-specific forum would be better, but you were vague and I'll reply in kind. There has been an interview with people involved in that final*** scene, and yes it will be similar* to the books, and yes they've been focusing on it very intently, and no it's not actually done yet**.* Probably very close to the same, but nothiing will be identical, so i just use 'similar' here.** Was not done as of the time of the interview. Might be done today, might not.*** I'm guessing it'll be the final shot, though that wasn't totally confirmed.You are absolutely correct in my posting in the wrong place... apologies.
488	oneeye	2011-05-27	I can't wait for episode 8!
It will be like Bruno Heller writing a Rome episode
489	malarky1231	2011-05-28	There will be a flashback scene showing Brandon Stark struggling to free his father while Aerys looks on. I don't know which episode it's in but it's probably the last onehttp://winter-is-com...sion-with-grrm/
490	Anomandaris86	2011-05-28	http://winter-is-com...andon-stark.jpg
Looks a LOT like Sean Bean though.
491	Queen Dorothea	2011-05-28	That is of course Sean!!
492	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-05-28	I suspect it's Ned having a nightmare where he's in his brother's Brandon's place, trying to save their father.
493	Volderon	2011-05-28	I can't wait to see Aerys Targaryen. Maybe they'll even show Jaime sometime sitting on the Iron Throne.
494	Anomandaris86	2011-05-28	I suspect it's Ned having a nightmare where he's in his brother's Brandon's place, trying to save their father.If they do that instead of the Tower of Joy I'll be pissed.
495	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-28	Spoiler So its not yet sure that we will have TOJ scene in Ep8?
496	malarky1231	2011-05-28	I really doubt it. It's best left to our imaginations anyways. Honestly the flashback scene with Brandon and Aerys is already more than we can hope for.
497	A Time for Wolves	2011-06-01	Okay, I've been deliberately avoiding episode summaries and previews as I watch the show, because I love not knowing exactly how they'll play it next - but this time I couldn't resist checking this thread. GRRM writing this episode would be so awesome. Maybe he bullied them into finally including the direwolves properly. I have not been happy with the absence of the wolves so far.
Either a ToJ flashback or a Mad King-murdering-the-Starks flashback would be so amazing, but I also want to see Bran's dreams become more detailed. Bran's storyline is actually one of my favorites, and I really can't wait to see it all on screen.
I hate waiting for Sundays now. With all its flaws, I'm loving this show.
498	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-01	If they do that instead of the Tower of Joy I'll be pissed.Well, I suspect we won't be getting the Tower of Joy flashback this season, so I'd suggest you prepare yourself for it now so you can relax and enjoy what I'm sure will be an otherwise excellent episode. I loved the scene in the book, but I don't think it's necessary for the TV show, and this sort of nightmare scenario could be just as interesting to watch (I'm kind of excited to get a glimpse of Aerys).  If the events in tower are truly that important for viewers to find out, there's no reason they couldn't show us the flashback later. These aren't the books, so the flashback doesn't have to even be through a PoV character.
499	gogorath	2011-06-02	GRRM writing this episode would be so awesome. Maybe he bullied them into finally including the direwolves properly. I have not been happy with the absence of the wolves so far.This isn't how TV or Film works, unfortunately.  Martin probably has an amazing amount of control for a writer, but writers in general have almost zero say in production decisions.  This is important because the lack of wolves is not a writing decision; it's been a production decision.  No one wanted to cut the wolves, but there's an old axiom in film to avoid the ABC's - Animals, Boats and Children.  They are expensive nightmares.  And GoT couldn't get rid of the Children, so cutting back on the Animals make economic sense.It's unfortunate, and it's hurt the production.  And hopefully, they are saving cash for other elements to come -- dragons, other direwolf scenes, battles, etc.  But it's also important to recognize as plot driven as the work can be, the tv show is going to be much more conversation driven - simply because of money.  The Walking Dead got its budget cut recently, and shows are cut short all the time.  I'd rather have a Season 3 than extra direwolves now or a wide-scale Battle of the Breakwater, or a flashback to the Tower of Joy.  I'm not saying every money/art decision has been made right or will be made right, but it helps to realize that these are not artistic decisions, they are cost/benefit decisions.
500	Lokhtar	2011-06-04	There won't be a tower of joy scene because they haven't been cast.  And the writers have said they will not have flashback scenes.  So...that's Ned.  I'm guessing maybe they've changed up the method of his execution.
					
					
							Edited by Lokhtar, 04 June 2011 - 09:50 PM.
501	Lokhtar	2011-06-04	This isn't how TV or Film works, unfortunately.  Martin probably has an amazing amount of control for a writer, but writers in general have almost zero say in production decisions.  This is important because the lack of wolves is not a writing decision; it's been a production decision.  No one wanted to cut the wolves, but there's an old axiom in film to avoid the ABC's - Animals, Boats and Children.  They are expensive nightmares.  And GoT couldn't get rid of the Children, so cutting back on the Animals make economic sense.It's unfortunate, and it's hurt the production.  And hopefully, they are saving cash for other elements to come -- dragons, other direwolf scenes, battles, etc.  But it's also important to recognize as plot driven as the work can be, the tv show is going to be much more conversation driven - simply because of money.  The Walking Dead got its budget cut recently, and shows are cut short all the time.  I'd rather have a Season 3 than extra direwolves now or a wide-scale Battle of the Breakwater, or a flashback to the Tower of Joy.  I'm not saying every money/art decision has been made right or will be made right, but it helps to realize that these are not artistic decisions, they are cost/benefit decisions.I don't think it was the cost.  The type of dogs they used are not really easily trainable.  Kit Harrington said in an interview that they tried for a very long time with some direwolf scenes but they just didn't come off to the satisfaction of the director/producers so they had to be severely cut back.  I'm wondering if it might have been a better choice to go with a breed of dog that looks less like a wolf but is more trainable.The Kit Harrington interview is on youtube if anyone wants to check it out.
502	Anomandaris86	2011-06-04	There won't be a tower of joy scene because they haven't been cast.Lots of speaking roles for this show haven't been revealed.And the writers have said they will not have flashback scenes.It's confirmed that they cast the Mad King. That's at least one flashback.
503	Morrigan	2011-06-05	Lots of speaking roles for this show haven't been revealed.Such as?It's confirmed that they cast the Mad King. That's at least one flashback.Link? I don't remember this.
504	Carldog	2011-06-05	This is great.  I'm looking forward to seeing what Old GM can do...  
Let's hope it's not on par with Beauty and the Beast.  I remember watching that show in the 80's;  as a kid it's was tough to view.  This, however, is a different game... A game of thrones.  He'll nail it.
505	malarky1231	2011-06-05	It'll be even better if they had a flashback scene to the Battle of the Trident. Being able to see Rhaegar and Robert duke it out would be amazing. I'm pretty sure there will be a Aerys flashback scene somewhere along the way
506	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-05	GRRM has blogged about his own episode here (posted earlier today):The Pointy EndEDIT: Argh, sometimes the link won't work. 
					
					
							Edited by Arya The Assassin, 05 June 2011 - 02:44 PM.
507	Anomandaris86	2011-06-05	Such as?Well, for instance, the Tully bannermen Catelyn speaks to at the end of episode 4. Those are speaking roles, but not important enough to reveal in a casting list. The three Kingsguard knights in the dream would be on that same level.I heard this show has 162 speaking roles - way more than what has been revealed.
508	Patrick Tully	2011-06-07	Link? I don't remember this.There was a link above in post #23My compatriot, Fire and Blood, then asked George about the infamous torture scene that we got a glimpse of in the recent behind-the-scenes video. Do you know if that is any sort of flashback or is it a dream sequence in which Ned is putting himself in his brotherÂ<U+0092>s shoes?Â<U+0093>You would really have to ask David & Dan about that particular image but my impression is that it is a flashback scene. That thatÂ<U+0092>s not Sean Bean. That that is someone who has been cast to play his brother. But I donÂ<U+0092>t know, ask David & Dan when you do your session with them. I think that is a flashback. I know they cast the Mad King, they cast Aerys, and of course he doesnÂ<U+0092>t actually appear in the books.Â<U+0094>
509	Horus Ex Machina	2011-07-15	http://winter-is-coming.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/brandon-stark.jpgLooks a LOT like Sean Bean though.Interesting that this scene never made it to series though it was shown in the trailers.  Perhaps it will make it in season two.
					
					
							Edited by Horus-Bergeron, 15 July 2011 - 02:15 AM.
510	Ran	2011-06-05	Spoiler-free discussion for episode 8, titled "", written by one [url=http://www.georgerrmartin.com]George R.R. Martin.
511	Asarlai	2011-06-12	No spoilers crowd gets no love...
I sure do hope Ned gets out alive.
512	BarrileteCosmico	2011-06-06	Alan Sepinwall: http://www.hitfix.co...old-wind-rising
Mo Ryan: http://www.aoltv.com...pisode-8-recap/
James P. : http://tunedin.blogs...ality-of-mercy/
513	Stark White Blk Untruth	2011-06-07	I am a complete ASOIAF addict; cocktail of the books-GRRM is a Grand Master, the show, the forums and even the reviews...some of which make me lmao;
'Game of Thrones' hits ratings high...Another bloody good performance for HBOÂ<U+0092>s Game of Thrones...9 p.m. airing averaged 2.7 million viewers, up 22 percent since the series premiere. If you count the additional 900,000 people who tuned in two hours later, GOT lured 3.6 million viewers for the night. Sweet.  Season to date, GOT has an average gross audience (linear plays, DVR and HBO On Demand) of 8.3 million viewers.
more:  Â<U+0091>Game of ThronesÂ<U+0092> recap: Unleash the Direwolves of war'
here are some fun bits and SO happy to see more Ghost, Jon and Tyrion;
'Word spreads of Ned's arrest as Jon Snow gets the news. But he can't try to save his dad since he just swore to spend his life defending a giant ice wall. How frustrating is that?...That night, Jon's direwolf Ghost is freaking out and they have a chat like a classic Lassie episode: What's wrong boy?! Is it a fire?! Is The Wall melting?! Is it zombies attacking the Lord Commander in his chambers?!
'Robb ...call his father's bannermen...Outside, ravens fly in all directions as Robb spams the North with an r-mail blast -- a giant cloud of urgent news that can poop on you.
'Dothraki are raiding a village and going about their usual burn/murder/rape/enslavement protocol. Dany is all disturbed. It's like she married a guy, and is only now seeing how he acts when he's out partying with his friends...But this is depriving the warriors of their rape benefits, which are apparently part of their Dothraki compensation package. The matter is brought before Judge Khal, who's just chilling out next to a pile of severed heads (that are used for Â<U+0085> what exactly?)...Drogo is scratched and Dany wants the slave woman to heal it. "It hurts me to see you bleed" she says, knowing how to play him. Drogo rolls his eyes.
'Thrones author George R.R. Martin is the credited writer of this hour and there might be more witty and self-aware lines here than in any other episode...'http://tvrecaps.ew.c...es-episode-8/3/
p.s. more GRRM scripts please!
514	Ran	2011-06-05	Spoiler discussion for episode 8, titled "", written by one [url=http://www.georgerrmartin.com]George R.R. Martin.
515	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-05	Fucking brutal!
516	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	they left the opening for Syrio to have escaped there.  way cool scene.
517	kairparavel	2011-06-05	they left the opening for Syrio to have escaped there.  way cool scene.Which I was worried about seeing as they had taken a previously mysterious scene from the book (the two men Arya had seen talking in the basement) and showed us who it was. In the book, it was just as open-ended for Syrio. So thanks for that, George.ETA basement, you know, of the house where the Baratheons and Lannisters live.../biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by kairparavel, 05 June 2011 - 08:12 PM.
518	kairparavel	2011-06-05	OMG I hate tv Lysa a thousand times more than book Lysa.
519	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	I'm liking Shagga.
520	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	Drogo is definitely leading the bad ass category after this episode.
521	kairparavel	2011-06-05	Loved this Robb scene.
522	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	Not how I pictured Lord Umber, but I liked the scene that introduced him.
Definitely more of the direwolves this episode.
523	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	HODOR!!!!!
524	AUyushu	2011-06-05	Liking the Greatjon, lol.
525	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	looking forward to meeting Bolton, hopefully this episode.....
526	kairparavel	2011-06-05	This (episode) is such a meaty part of the book. I can't wait to get back to it in my re-read.
527	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	interesting,
the Lannister encampment had no sentries or scouts to escort Tyrion in.
528	Starkess	2011-06-05	I saw Rickon! And more of Hodor than I ever, ever wanted to...
ETA: "Call me boy again..." loved it! I'm getting all sad thinking about the Red Wedding--Robb you are too cute to die!!
					
					
							Edited by Starkess, 05 June 2011 - 08:51 PM.
529	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	I definitely like this Robb.    Nice job staring down the GreatJon
530	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	Barristan's scene is beyond awesome.
531	AUyushu	2011-06-05	Awesome scene with Selmy.
532	IheartTesla	2011-06-05	Syrio lives!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
533	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-05	Gott damn!
534	Starkess	2011-06-05	That was a great scene with Ser Barristan. OMG want to punch Joffrey in the fucking face.
Didn't love the way it ended, but this is probably my favorite episode so far.
Bonus, no sexposition!
I don't like the actress who plays Sansa--her eyes never change, it creeps me out!
535	Cold Hands-Hot Pie	2011-06-05	little bit of an anti-climax at the ending compared to the other episodes and the rest of this episode, but still that was one of the fastest hours I can remember.
536	iheartseverus	2011-06-05	BEST LINE OF THE EPISODE--Cersei & co. bring Sansa in to force her to write the letters, they hint that as a traitor's daughter she might start hatching plots.  Sansa answers:  "I'll be a good wife.  I'll be a queen just like you--I won't...hatch anything."  Cersei blinks and sits there blank for a long moment.hahahahaha, a line worthy of Littlefinger or Tyrion himself.  Thanks, George!!/lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
537	kairparavel	2011-06-05	If I hadn't read the books I don't know where I'd put this episode but I have so..
This was the best episode. It was no in small part due to the source material and where we are in the book, and of course an assist from the dude who wrote this episode. This is how it should have been all along and how it could be going forward. Next week = big meaty A+ source material and no George writing it.
Good luck.
538	Simon Steele	2011-06-05	Two things:
1. Martin should write every episode, this one was far, far better than the others.
2. I like how he is teasing the non-book readers with rescuing Ned. Man heart break is on the horizon.
539	Basileus777	2011-06-05	I think taking out Sansa betraying Ned to the Queen was a good thing.  She was already too unsympathetic in the show, that would have gone too far. 
I wonder how and when they are going to have Tyrion explain about Tysha now.
540	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-05	holy shit, I loved this episode. The only thing I missed was the implication that Ned could get sent to the Wall. I am sure they'll hammer on that next episode as part of the proposed "mercy," but I could see how non-book readers might forget that this option is open to Ned.
"I see you haven't been wasting away!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
541	Triskan	2011-06-05	A lot of good stuff in this one.  Robb Stark had a big episode.  And this was a good wolf-episode w/ GW and Ghost getting some action.  
I am so glad they included Tywin's line about Robb being "green."
Loved Syrio's (last?) stand.  Pretty close to the source material.
542	Trebla	2011-06-05	This (episode) is such a meaty part of the book. I can't wait to get back to it in my re-read.bold mine. and you aren't kidding. HOLY MOLY HODOR!!!!! /stunned.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stunned:' />  /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
543	Mr. X	2011-06-05	Totally dug this episode, though as someone else mentioned, the ending did seem a bit anticlimactic in comparison to the rest of the series. 
Barristan!
Robb!!
Syrio!!!!
544	blasted_saber	2011-06-05	Breath-fucking-taking episode. 
Probably my favourite yet.
I loved the look on Maester Luwin's face when Robb told him to call the banners. Syrio situation left wide open..........
545	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-05	I'm quite glad they left that scene in with a naked Hodor. (I'm not joking, either -- I've always loved that scene in the books, too). Go HODOR!!
546	Asarlai	2011-06-05	I think showing Selmy killing the two guards would have been a much better ending.
Sansa needs some facial expressions, seriously.
All the hints of Ned living are really mean; building way too much hope, but I suppose that will cause a bigger impact.
Syrio scene was awesome. Showing the fight and demonstrating his agility made it seem even more likely he made it out of the fight alive.
547	damian	2011-06-05	syrio, drogo, and robb owned this episode.
548	House Snow	2011-06-05	Very good episode, though, not as good as 6 and 7.  I wish they had fleshed the arya killing the kid scene a little more-too quick.  I sort of wish they had made Sansa a little more emotional-a little too calm.  Hill tribe was awesome as is pretty much every scene with Tyrion.  Wall attack scene was solid but felt like they could have been done a little better.  I really like the actress playing Osha-really hits the right note with her character makes her a little less cariacaturish than the book.
549	Northern Lady	2011-06-05	Barriston and Shagga are awesome. Hordor is a pale mo fo. And clearly a giant among men *cough*
That's all I have until I sleep on it.
550	The Brandon Stark	2011-06-05	Brilliant episode. Bravo George! The scene Barristan was perfect, Joffery is a shit and I nearly shed a tear the Brave.
 I would have thought Timmet to be smaller than Shagga, but Chella is just as I imagined. Same with the Greatjon. 
Still though, probably the most memorable scene of the series so far, Syrio and the red cloaks. Amazing, the whole sequence, amazing.
The scene with the wight seemed rushed. I would have liked to see Ghost help Jon, but Grey Wind biting off the Greatjon's fingers really made up for it. Best episode of the series.
551	Eve	2011-06-05	I agree with steele, Martin should write every episode.  This was by far the best one.
Thank GOD no ridiculous sex scene stealing precious time from all that was going on.
ROBB and Greywind!
Rickon!
Syrio lives!
"I won't hatch anything." Priceless.
552	Asarlai	2011-06-05	1. Martin should write every episode, this one was far, far better than the others.Agreed that it was better, though the others aren't so much worse that I would rather Martin take them all and have the next books delayed even more.
553	The Brandon Stark	2011-06-05	syrio, drogo, and robb owned this episode.Add Tyrion to that list. /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
554	Mr Bean	2011-06-05	Three questions
Why cut Tyrion's Oscar speech about Tysha, I can only hope it's been moved to a later episode
Will we see the actor playing Syrio playing Janquen?
Might we see Selmy leaving King's landing next week to set up season 2?
And finally lets all give Hodor a round of applause for giving us this week's sexposition, I can't believe he managed to get in all that detail in his brief scene.
					
					
							Edited by Mr Bean, 05 June 2011 - 09:14 PM.
555	NW Deserter	2011-06-05	Holy crap...this episode was nearly flawless. You could really tell George wrote it, it felt straight from the books, I don't think there were any added scenes at all!
-Syrio. Fucking. Forel. So badass, choreography was great for that scene. And of course, there's still room for him to escape. GRRM sure knows his fanbase.
-Robb got some legit screen time! He's up there in the badass category for this week. His lines with the Greatjon were money.
-Tyrion's lines were freaking awesome this week. And we actually got all three of the hill tribe chiefs! Didn't expect that.
-Arya was awesome as usual, but I really need to give Sophie Turner props for her Sansa. I really think she's giving that character justice, and did well with meaningful screen time.
-Drogo just barely edges out Robb in the badass category with that throat-rip. Although I thought his wound came from fighting another Khalasar, not one of his own. Not a big deal though.
-The wight fight was pretty cool, although the wight itself was moving really strangely. Why did it pretend to be dead for a second?
-Rickon speaks! That was heartbreaking!
-Hodor swings! XD
-Only two more...but I'll try not to think about that. I am really excited to see how non-readers take these last two episodes.
-A bit of an anti-climactic ending, but it definitely put the tension in there. It kind reminded me of the ending to LOTR: The Two Towers, where you have a small glimmer of hope that stuff will turn out well but it fades out with Gollum (Joffrey) seeming even less trusthworthy and with eerie music accompanying his scheming. Only difference is that there won't be a happy ending this time...
George really should write every episode, there were so many recognizable lines from the books.
556	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-05	I actually have a complaint (my first one).  (I know, I hate myself for this---even the husband said "but George wrote this---there must be a reason)  Why did Robb let the Lannister scout go?  That was just stupid.  (so he added 2,000 men to the count, 20,000 still does not equal 60,000)
Other than that, I LOVED the episode.  It was AMAZING!  10/10
557	Blue Steel	2011-06-05	The ending scene was perfect considering what is going to happen next episode.
558	Basileus777	2011-06-05	The Syrio fighting scene was a bit weird, mostly because I don't think it looked believable at all that he knocked out all those armored men with a wooden sword.
559	CelticCail	2011-06-05	Wow, first episode that I have no major complaints.  The wight attack was way too short and Ghost was excluded from the rescue and the ending scene was a lame one to end on but otherwise, great.  GRRM should write all of them.  Obviously.  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
560	King's Landing	2011-06-05	Loved this episode.  Best one yet.  I liked Arya performance, especially when she killed the stable hand.  That was great.
Love the direwolves in this.  Also loved Robb's performance in this as he will be getting more screen time now.  
Sansa is still my least favorite character at this point, but the actress playing her is doing a good job.  We also saw some Hound.
Love the Khal scene killing that guy bare handed even as he gets wounded.  EPIC!!
Next weeks episode is going to be epic
561	Asarlai	2011-06-05	Three questionsWhy cut Tyrion's Oscar speech about Tysha, I can only hope it's been moved to a later episodeHe mentions it several times in the series, they likely move it. Hopefully still with Bronn, for his comments.Will we see the actor playing Syrio playing Janquen?Nope. Even the Syrio=Jaqen crowd include a Faceless Man magic change between the two, so they won't look alike.Might we see Selmy leaving King's landing next week to set up season 2?Hopefully with the scene of him killing the guards.
562	MountainThatRides	2011-06-05	Fucking amazing episode. Easily my favorite so far, perhaps because all of the plotlines are picking up speed as we barrel towards the season's climax and the war. The writing was superb. This is exactly how I wanted it adapted -- a lot of the best bits made it from the book to the screen, especially juicy chunks of dialogue. We expected no less, of course, this being George's season one episode, but I was very impressed with the pacing, the scene transitions, everything. I'm sure he had assistance -- he's been out of the screenwriting biz for decades -- but despite who polished it, you can see George in there very clearly. Moreso than the other episodes, despite the fact that every episode has a lot of George in it, considering it's adapted from his work.The Tyrion/Bronn scenes were great, and the introduction of the mountain clans. Shagga was wonderful and I like how they introduced Timmett and Chella. That scene in Tywin's tent was very satisfying; pretty much exactly what I was hoping for. The scene where Barristan is "decloaked" hit me in all the right spots, too -- Littlefinger's "naked knight" quip endeared me, perhaps for the first time, to the actor's portrayal of Petyr. The Syrio fight, the Greatjon's introduction, Jon dispatching Othor, the mention of the Late Lord Frey. Some bits were left out or changed around, but as with most of the other abridgments, it's done with good reason and with good results. We got a lot of Robb, and I thought his acting was great; the "Call the banners" line was an adrenaline surge. Peter Dinklage and Maisie Williams continue to steal the show. Drogo was a complete bad ass, and the chest wound/Mirri Maz Duur plotline all lined up (perhaps not exactly as it was in the books, but it hit all the requisite points). My personal favorite line of the episode (and one of my favorite exchanges from the first book): "Who do you truly serve, Varys?"  "The realm. Someone must."Masterful episode.
563	Trebla	2011-06-05	it took 8 episodes but the Hound finally came out! Thanks George!
This episode was owned by Robb Stark. Young Wolf, baby. His scene calling the banners, smacking down the Greatjon, with Cat and then letting the scout go. great. He's baiting Lord Tywin, making himself seem "the green boy"
This whole episode felt like it begins the setup of season 2. Osha talks about the dangers beyond the wall. We finally have Rickon so the audience remembers the youngest brother and his relative impotance in season 2. Shagga's goats. And the best setup for laters seasons...Tywin shitting gold!
Good to see Kevan and the Greatjon.
564	Mya Stone	2011-06-05	Stupid double post!
					
					
							Edited by Mya Stone, 05 June 2011 - 09:22 PM.
565	modehead	2011-06-05	The first half an hour of this episode was absolutely riveting. I had to remind myself to breath I was so sucked into it.
Absolutely amazing. Syrio and Drogo had such great fight scenes.
566	Mya Stone	2011-06-05	I just knew George would leave Syrio open. Bastard. 
If he didn't have other books to write, I'd see a future of script-writing in his future. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> (I kid, I know he's been there done that.) 
 Loved all the Robb stuff. Loved that we got a taste of Sandor/Sansa. Loved Drogo. I laughed at the Greatjon's "tough meat" line, and the look on Bran's face of OMGWTFBBQ?!?!?! Got super sad at Robb/Bran's goodbye scene, and was super impressed at Hodor's uh...giant blood. 
All-around spectacular episode. No complaints. Except it was too short!
567	Asarlai	2011-06-05	I actually have a complaint (my first one).  (I know, I hate myself for this---even the husband said "but George wrote this---there must be a reason)  Why did Robb let the Lannister scout go?  That was just stupid.  (so he added 2,000 men to the count, 20,000 still does not equal 60,000)Maybe... it was a Westerling. Eh? Eh?The Syrio fighting scene was a bit weird, mostly because I don't think it looked believable at all that he knocked out all those armored men with a wooden sword.He dealt several heavy blows, and a few were through visors. That was a pretty thick sword.
568	legba11	2011-06-05	Damn board monster ate my review post:
Quick version, best episode yet, nearly perfect.
569	smegma	2011-06-05	While I loved the episode, I have to admit I sorta wished for at least one more scene that wasn't from the books because those are some of my favorite parts of the show so far - but I do realize that with all that is going on in the book at this point there really isn't time for anything else.
I knew they were gonna leave that Syrio thing open - damn it! 
I did think the stabbing of the boy a bit rushed, but otherwise overall a great episode. 
I actually really like Sophie Turner, I think she's doing a great job with the material she's given. 
What's up with Barristan and Jorah being so damn hot? Jesus.
I think the actor playing Jofferey was AWESOME on the throne. Perfect.
I actually got a little emotional, knowing what is in store for these characters /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
BUT MOMMY IM HUNGRY!
570	damian	2011-06-05	I actually have a complaint (my first one).  (I know, I hate myself for this---even the husband said "but George wrote this---there must be a reason)  Why did Robb let the Lannister scout go?  That was just stupid.  (so he added 2,000 men to the count, 20,000 still does not equal 60,000)Other than that, I LOVED the episode.  It was AMAZING!  10/10because he wants tywin to think he's dumb and rushing south to fight him.  i thought it was great.
571	FlipFantastic	2011-06-05	I wish that Rob would have explained to everyone why he made the move and the scout will go and report to Tywin that the North is coming, while they will instead go and attack Jaime.  It would have made the tactic look like the genius that it is to the normal audience, they will forget the finer details by next week when Rob crushes Jaime.
572	Xray the Enforcer	2011-06-05	I have to give props to Sophie Turner again -- that scene with the queen was awesome. "I won't hatch anything!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
573	Aoife	2011-06-05	Not perfect, but probably as close as any episode can get. Ideas gotten across without too much heavy dialogue (Cat not contradicting Robb, etc., and even Osha's talk about the weirwoods), which was refreshing. I didn't like the Old Bear being turned into a prop for Heroic Jon, but that was really about all that I would object to.
574	The Brandon Stark	2011-06-05	I actually have a complaint (my first one).  (I know, I hate myself for this---even the husband said "but George wrote this---there must be a reason)  Why did Robb let the Lannister scout go?  That was just stupid.  (so he added 2,000 men to the count, 20,000 still does not equal 60,000)Other than that, I LOVED the episode.  It was AMAZING!  10/10I think it will set up Robb's brilliance as a field commander. He let's the scout go, the man thinking it a boast to Tywin when in reality Robb is going to split his forces and attack Jaime in the Whispering wood while Rooose takes on Tywin at the Green Fork.
575	FlipFantastic	2011-06-05	Rickon looked as old as Bran... worst character cast so far, but thats minor.
576	Asarlai	2011-06-05	Rickon looked as old as Bran... worst character cast so far, but thats minor.Yeah, he doesn't really look 3...
577	Aoife	2011-06-05	He's not supposed to. He's 6 in the show.
578	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-05	because he wants tywin to think he's dumb and rushing south to fight him.  i thought it was great.I wish that Rob would have explained to everyone why he made the move and the scout will go and report to Tywin that the North is coming, while they will instead go and attack Jaime.  It would have made the tactic look like the genius that it is to the normal audience, they will forget the finer details by next week when Rob crushes Jaime.Yeah, I didn't get that at all, and the GreatJohn, his mom, and all the others present didn't get it either.  They were all shocked and even disgusted with the decision.  I hope that is it and they will elaborate on it next time.
579	Blue Steel	2011-06-05	Rickon looked as old as Bran... worst character cast so far, but thats minor.Not really.  He looked like he was 6 and that's fine since the show aged him up just like the other children.  Even George would have aged them up if he could retcon the whole thing.
580	Eve	2011-06-05	Little Rickon was heartbreaking...I loved his scene with Bran.
581	damian	2011-06-05	he's not supposed to be 3
eta lag!
					
					
							Edited by damian, 05 June 2011 - 09:30 PM.
582	Asarlai	2011-06-05	Yeah, I didn't get that at all, and the GreatJohn, his mom, and all the others present didn't get it either.  They were all shocked and even disgusted with the decision.  I hope that is it and they will elaborate on it next time.He didn't even make the decision of what to do yet, from everyone else's perspective, so yeah, it would have been better for him to say, "I'll strike at the Kingslayer" and then have the spy brought in and do the whole "Tell Tywin" deal.
583	Mr. X	2011-06-05	Syrio. Fucking. Forel.Word. What a great opening sequence.
584	adam snow	2011-06-05	Loved it. 
So much ground was covered. I hope the non readers can keep up.
My only gripe (nitpick) is that Ned looked too good when the guard kicked him. I mean really, he has been in the cell for weeks. At least his beard should have grown.
585	The Brandon Stark	2011-06-05	He didn't even make the decision of what to do yet, from everyone else's perspective, so yeah, it would have been better for him to say, "I'll strike at the Kingslayer" and then have the spy brought in and do the whole "Tell Tywin" deal.I think on screen, the spy is what decides him to split forces and attack Jaime while Roose feints at Tywin.
586	So1ar	2011-06-05	this episode just flat out owned. i don't know what else to say except everything was amazing. i literally didn't have a chance to take a breathe until the credits rolled. probably the greatest thing i've ever seen.
587	Bronn Stone	2011-06-05	Watch the scene with Ghost with the sound muted and you will know why they could NOT make Ghost silent.  The added growling is critical to understanding the dog's acting.  Without it, the mutt just looks like he needs to pee.
588	Trebla	2011-06-05	I hope in the next episode they send the Goldcloaks after Selmy. They did have Slynt give Selmy a smug look.
For some reason, I hope something bad happens to Nameless Pompous Herald. He seriously annoys me. Perhaps he joins the Lannisters as they see Myrcella off.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' /> 
Little  touches: Bronn strutting while walking through the Lannister camp and Bronn son of "you wouldn't know him" Ah, GRRM humor! Tyrion looked quite apprehensive as he was about to see his father. I hope Cersei looks the same so we can have 3 for 3.
589	The Brandon Stark	2011-06-05	Watch the scene with Ghost with the sound muted and you will know why they could NOT make Ghost silent.  The added growling is critical to understanding the dog's acting.  Without it, the mutt just looks like he needs to pee.Yeah, I'm fine with Ghost not being the strong, silent type.
590	Kaitscralt	2011-06-05	I liked this episode a ton, but there still needs to be some senseless nitpicking.
1) Barristan not mentioning Stannis. Yeah, I wanted to hear it. Oh well.
2) The first 15 minutes of the episode seemed very weirdly paced, with potentially confusing fight scenes between random people (for non-reader) scenes lasting just a second, and Arya's stabbing scene was very quickly done. The wight scene was also rushed and they never clearly explained it was the corpse come to life.
Luckily the pacing fixed itself once Robb got going.
3) Varys' outfit when he visits the dungeons.
--
Bring on the beheading! /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 05 June 2011 - 09:43 PM.
591	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-05	Damn, Robb really came into his own this episode. He was one of the stand-outs for me. I've felt the actor's protrayal of Robb has been underappreciated, but today he finally got to become a total bad-ass. I liked every scene with him and especially the little details of his interactions with Maester Luwin and Rodrick. 
I actually didn't like that every word was straight from the book. I'm a fan of the parts where I don't know who's about to say what. This wasn't my favorite episode and I thought the ending was weak, but I think that was the director's doing rather than GRRM.
My only major gripe is that the wights eyes weren't blue enough so he didn't seem as spooky as the little girl in the prologue scene. Also, thank god there wasn't another awkward uncomfortable sex scene. 
And I am loving me some Varys!
592	House Snow	2011-06-05	I'd also add this episode shows why maybe it isn't such a bad idea to not always have the direwolves present as much as happened in the book.  It would be pretty damn repetitive if we had gotten to the end of this episode and had Dog saves the day scene number 5 and 6.
593	tybeechris	2011-06-05	Great episode.  I figured by now the boards would be lit up with Syrio's "Not today" comment coupled with Varys' "not today" to Ned.....
No wasted words, wish GRRM was writing all the episodes. He does like to play with us.
Holy crap....they have to kill Drogo, kill Ned and birth dragons in two episodes which all seem to only last 10 minutes...going to be two mind blowing hours.
594	Kaitscralt	2011-06-05	I'm also liking Theon way too much. His eagerness to support Robb in the show is just morbidly depressing.
595	oneeye	2011-06-05	Awesome episode. Ghost looked a little wimpy, I think my cat is more ferocious but oh well. 
Was hoping to see more of Arya, but guess that's next episode. Was suprised they made her killing the stable boy an accident, didn't Arya methodically kill him in the book? I guess Syrio is possibly not dead based on this latest data.........
Ronin did real good in that fight scene, er I mean Drogo.
Loved everything else. Half-Man!
596	Gildenlow	2011-06-05	Damn, that was good. Like George wrote it himself!
Wait...
597	LugaJetboyGirl-irra	2011-06-05	Holy crap....they have to kill Drogo, kill Ned and birth dragons in two episodes which all seem to only last 10 minutes...going to be two mind blowing hours.This actually makes me have a very strong urge to dance around from foot to foot in anxiety. OMGOnlyTwoMoreEpisodesNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
598	laughing tree knight	2011-06-05	seeing as they've shown things from perspectives not in the book. it they wanted to make sure syrio forel was definitely dead they would have shown the fight
599	Asarlai	2011-06-05	Holy crap....they have to kill Drogo, kill Ned and birth dragons in two episodes which all seem to only last 10 minutes...going to be two mind blowing hours.Don't forget Green Fork, Whispering Wood, breaking the siege of Riverrun, and "King in the North!"
600	oneeye	2011-06-05	I really like the Tywin actor, though he is a bit old perhaps but well casted. Agree I love how all the kids fear him. (Except Joffrey probably won't haha)
I can't get the opening music out of my head.
601	NW Deserter	2011-06-05	Shit's getting real in the next two weeks. I'm so freakin pumped!!! /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
602	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-05	Don't forget Green Fork, Whispering Wood, breaking the siege of Riverrun, and "King in the North!"Don't forgrt Measter Aemon's speech to Jon and Jon's midnight ride.  It will be a very busy two hours.
603	Kaitscralt	2011-06-05	Cersei's goofy faces while she listens to anyone say anything makes me wonder how even Lancel wants a piece of that. It's like she is sucking a lemon and perpetually has the sun in her eyes.
Still a beautiful woman, though.
604	Trebond	2011-06-05	Watch the scene with Ghost with the sound muted and you will know why they could NOT make Ghost silent.  The added growling is critical to understanding the dog's acting.  Without it, the mutt just looks like he needs to pee.I'll be honest, when I saw that scene, I was thinking "Ghost, NO! Go lay down! Jon just let you out 20 minutes ago."Believe it or not folks, we went A WHOLE EPISODE without seeing Ros's snapper.Hodor is hung like an auroch.What a great episode. Time to start counting down the hours until next Sunday.
605	Kaitscralt	2011-06-05	Believe it or not folks, we went A WHOLE EPISODE without seeing Ros's snapper.Don't worry, they will cut the King in the North speech to show us some Ros next week.
606	madking	2011-06-05	Bronns response to who his father is
"You wouldn't know him" I don't remember
Do the books ever say who his father is?
607	laughing tree knight	2011-06-05	was one of those men around Robb Roose Bolton? or is he being held back to season two like the Blackfish?
608	Tyrion Lannister	2011-06-05	Wow, Drogo was awesome.  I'm really going to miss him.Robb was awesome too.  I'm really going to miss him...eventually (if we get that far.)
609	Kaitscralt	2011-06-05	Bronns response to who his father is"You wouldn't know him" I don't rememberDo the books ever say who his father is?No, I don't even think his last name is ever given, which is sort of GRRM making a joke with the Bronn comment in the episode.
					
					
							Edited by Kaitscralt, 05 June 2011 - 10:00 PM.
610	Lord Godric	2011-06-05	Compared to last week's episode this one was so much less exciting, but that doesn't mean I love it any less.  It was a near perfect translation and seeing certain scenes just gave me the chills to actually see them on screen.  
I particularly felt for Robb in this episode.  He pulled off both the scared boy who wants his mother and the ruthless commander who will not accept his mother's rebukes.  I've said it before, but the show really makes me care about these characters even more than I already did.
611	tripleneck	2011-06-05	Great episode. If I didn't want GRRM working on the books instead, I'd say he should write most of the tv episodes. 
We got a LOT more direwolf action this time, finally. 
Arya & Syrio's scenes have the most emotional pull on me. I guess it's 'cuz I know how hairy it's gonna get for her now that she's on the run. She's one of the most vulnerable and exposed characters throughout the rest of the books. 
I hope they can coherently fit all the major plot points into the last 2 episodes. It's really going to be a big head-rush of bloodletting! Most violent 2 hours on HBO ever?
612	Tears of Lys	2011-06-05	Agree with most of the positive comments upthread.  And I've gotta say, I LOVED Syrio's sword play.  That dude could really move!  The fact that he's fighting steel swords with a wooden one is totally bad ass.  I would give anything to know that he makes it back into the story at some point, but I doubt it.  (Even though lots of people theorize he's a Faceless Man.)
Great episode all around.  And, yes, I think I do hate Lysa even more now too.  /angry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':angry2:' />
613	Anomandaris86	2011-06-05	Some good shit. This episode definitely seemed more "nerdy" to me in terms of the little details, which of course makes sense. I think non-readers may be reeling a bit.
All the scenes were good, though there were some things I missed;
1) Tower of Joy. Yes it wasn't shown in episode 6 but this one seemed like a likely second candidate. We still have one more chance, but it doesn't seem likely at this point. God damnit...
2) Tyrion's Tysha story. IMO they'll have to have it at some point, it's too important to leave out. Next episode seems unlikely, so it will probably be in episode 10. Although they could always bump it to next season without anything really being hurt.
3) Sandor joining the Kingsguard. I want that dialogue. ("The Kingsguard have always been knights." "Until now.") It could be during next week.
4) Barristan fighting his way out of King's Landing. Yes it wasn't in the books but I'd love to see it. Could be next week. Also his comment about finding the "true king."
5) Sansa betraying Ned. No reason to change that. Although I suppose it's really the fault of last week's episode.
6) The brutality of the Dothraki raid was way toned down. Yes I'm okay with toning it down a little bit (that toddler being tortured would be a bit much for TV) but I would have liked for them to show more in this episode. Mostly in order to rub shit in the faces of all those people who are apparently enamored of the Dothraki. They need a wake-up call. (I'm looking at you OtakuAssemble.)
So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?
614	mhoram	2011-06-05	Anyone else catch the "song of ice and fire" reference, with the cut from the fire at the Wall to the fire Across the Narrow Sea with Dany? Perhaps I was reading into it.
615	NW Deserter	2011-06-05	2) Tyrion's Tysha story. IMO they'll have to have it at some point, it's too important to leave out. Next episode seems unlikely, so it will probably be in episode 10. Although they could always bump it to next season without anything really being hurt.I could see him telling the story to Shae next episode (I'm assuming we'll meet her then).
616	Isabella Stark	2011-06-05	Great episode!
- Bronn was especially awesome.
- Robb, also awesome. I totally got the 'let the scout go' scheme.
- Also, noticed Littlefinger's reactions in the final scene.  He does not appear to be in on the "have Sansa seek mercy for her father' scheme.
- Syrio's scene alone was worth my cable bill this month.
2 complaints:
- Jon fighting the wight was better in my mind's eye when reading about it.
- The dialogue when Tywin meets the hill tribes was way better in the book than here.  However, Bronn was better here ("you wouldn't know him")
617	Lord Godric	2011-06-05	We got a LOT more direwolf action this time, finally.Direwolves! I loved seeing them.  We got both Ghost and Grey Wind.  Now if only we had seen Summer. Oh, and when Rickon walked into Bran's room I was thinking "WTF is this kid?!" And then I realized it had to be Rickon.  Whoops.  That is what happens when he goes missing for many moons and then suddenly reappears.
618	Lord Godric	2011-06-05	- Also, noticed Littlefinger's reactions in the final scene.  He does not appear to be in on the "have Sansa seek mercy for her father' scheme.I definitely took note of how very sympathetic Littlefinger seemed to be  toward Sansa which is very out of character for him.  Remember it was just a few weeks ago that he talked about just murdering Dany.  It was a nice touch to show that he cares for Sansa in some way. Some creepy way, but still.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 June 2011 - 10:17 PM.
619	Greywolf2375	2011-06-05	opening scene with Syrio & Arya was pretty much perfect, loved how they ended it especially with the screams in the background
620	axels15	2011-06-05	I didn't read the whole thread yet, but I'm surprised not too many people mentioned the interactions between Bronn and Tyrion. I thought they were STELLAR.
Especially the line about Bronn's father, I cracked up
621	zippypoodle	2011-06-05	So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?Jaime's force was divided (into 3 I think) because of the difficulties of besieging Riverrun given its location. He was essentially able to defeat 1/3 at a time, plus the people in the castle lead a sortie when they realized help had arrived, taking some of the army in the rear. Plus, Tywin has 60,000 total including what he gave Jaime, not 60,000 plus what he gave Jaime.
622	Anomandaris86	2011-06-05	Okay, yeah the army being split into three to besiege Riverrun makes sense. Can't really defend that well. Does it say how many men Jaime had for the Battle of the Whispering Wood?
623	Steel_Wind	2011-06-05	I could see him telling the story to Shae next episode (I'm assuming we'll meet her then).Tyrion recounts the tale to Shae before the Battle of the Blackwater. And hates himself almost immediately for telling her, too. Fool! We won't be hearing of Tysha until approximately Ep 7 of season 2.I would point out that we have not seen Sansa's treachery of her going to the Queen at all. At this stage, while it is possible we may hear of it next episode, (context: Ned's letter to Stannis never made it because the Lannisters knew the ship was leaving because of Sansa) and it is entirely possible it has been written out entirely.I was very annoyed when they retconned Sansa's treachery out  in Episode 7. Most of you said we'll hear about it later, from Cersei. Well... maybe. But the clock is ticking. We'll see.
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 05 June 2011 - 10:43 PM.
624	Steel_Wind	2011-06-05	I'm also liking Theon way too much. His eagerness to support Robb in the show is just morbidly depressing.I have some sympathy for "book Theon" and always have. That's not a popular opinion around here, but Theon did not want to attack the Starks. Robb was his brother and Winterfell was the home he always wanted to live in. He did not deal harshly with the smallfolk of Winterfell, either. That was Ramsay's work, not Theon's. Theon would never have burned Winerfell -- and as Jon correctly believed when first confronted with the news, Theon would never have killed Bran or Rickon, either. It made no sense.Theon is a tragic character, not a villain.George isn't done with Theon yet. If George can almost erase Jaime's Lannister's sins with the loss of a hand, he may yet be able to redeem Theon with the loss of a few fingers and toes in ADwD. Here's to hoping.
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 05 June 2011 - 10:50 PM.
625	Basileus777	2011-06-05	I would point out that we have not seen Sansa's treachery of her going to the Queen at all. At this stage, while it is possible we may hear of it next episode, (context: Ned's letter to Stannis never made it because the Lannisters knew the ship was leaving because of Sansa) and it is entirely possible it has been written out entirely.I was very annoyed when they retconned Sansa's treachery out  in Episode 7. Most of you said we'll hear about it later, from Cersei. Well... maybe. But the clock is ticking. We'll see.I'm almost completely certain they wrote Sansa's betrayal out. I think it might be a good thing though.  Sansa was already coming off as completely unsympathetic on the show, having her betray Ned would completely turn the audience against her.I think they'll have Ned's letter reach Stannis.  It's an excellent way to explain how Stannis learns about the incest.
					
					
							Edited by Basileus777, 05 June 2011 - 10:47 PM.
626	MountainThatRides	2011-06-05	Okay, yeah the army being split into three to besiege Riverrun makes sense. Can't really defend that well. Does it say how many men Jaime had for the Battle of the Whispering Wood?If I recall correctly, Jaime didn't have very much of an army at all during the Whispering Wood. He was out on patrol with his knights and freeriders -- a large chunk of his mounted forces. Robb had a similar force, made up entirely of mounted men. As for the numbers, I'd say chances are good that Robb had that advantage, not to mention the element of surprise (which can never be underestimated in battle).After that victory, however, most of the important people in the Kingslayer's host -- including Jaime himself -- were either killed or captured. Basically, Robb lopped the head off the snake, and then broke the siege with the help of a sortie from Riverrun. It's clear that at least some of the besieging army was routed, as the fighting continued more or less perpetually until Robb's host broke westward to the Battle of the Camps.
627	Bronn Stone	2011-06-05	I'm almost completely certain they wrote Sansa's betrayal out. I think it might be a good thing though.  Sansa was already coming off as completely unsympathetic on the show, having her betray Ned would completely turn the audience against her.I think they'll have Ned's letter reach Stannis.  It's an excellent way to explain how Stannis learns about the incest.The version in the books makes much more sense.  Stannis already knows but doesn't think Robert will believe him.  So he sets off Jon Arryn's investigation.  Plus, I think Ned's missive is inside that chest that is pointed shown as being unopened.
628	Isabella Stark	2011-06-05	Tyrion recounts the tale to Shae before the Battle of the Blackwater. And hates himself almost immediately for telling her, too. Fool! Tyrion's the only character for whom sexposition makes sense and is in character and wouldn't be totally annoying. But by the time it happens. the audience will have seen it a half a dozen times and will be totally sick of it.
629	Basileus777	2011-06-05	The version in the books makes much more sense.  Stannis already knows but doesn't think Robert will believe him.  So he sets off Jon Arryn's investigation.  Plus, I think Ned's missive is inside that chest that is pointed shown as being unopened.The version in the book made sense because we knew that Stannis was investigating it with Jon Arryn.  That hasn't been introduced in the show, so it would feel entirely random if he just somehow knew all along and hid somewhere while the Lannisters committed treason and killed his brother. They can have a scene with him talking about Ned's letter rather then have unnecessary exposition about how he was really working with Jon Arryn the whole time and we just never knew about it.
					
					
							Edited by Basileus777, 05 June 2011 - 10:59 PM.
630	Steel_Wind	2011-06-05	Tyrion's the only character for whom sexposition makes sense and is in character and wouldn't be totally annoying. But by the time it happens. the audience will have seen it a half a dozen times and will be totally sick of it.It's not sexposition in the book. As I recall the scene in ACoK, he tells it to Shae outside on a patio in the walled garden of her villa in KL. Varys shows up shortly afterwards with some news, a plan is put into place to make Shae one of Lady Tanda's maids so she can at least be safe within the Red Keep if the Battle goes all to hell and Varys and Tyrion return to the Red Keep.They'll probably keep the scene in its entirety, I expect.
631	Zoren	2011-06-05	So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?They doubled the numbers of the Lannisters' for the TV Show. In the books, the Lannister army was 30000 men. 15000 went with Jaime, 15000 went with Tywin (plus 5000 of Tyrion's savages). Robb had 5000 men with him during the Whispering Wood, the rest of his army went to battle Tywin at the Green Fork.
632	Lord Godric	2011-06-05	I'm almost completely certain they wrote Sansa's betrayal out. I think it might be a good thing though.  Sansa was already coming off as completely unsympathetic on the show, having her betray Ned would completely turn the audience against her.Well Sansa is never supposed to be liked, not even in the books.  I think her betrayal is a crucial part in showing how stupid and naive she was to run to Cersei.  And I am disappointed they took that out.  I think this episode portrayed Sansa as very sympathetic and that is not who Sansa is supposed to be.  At least not yet. It is not until Joffrey's betrayal that Sansa is portrayed in a different, more sympathetic light.
633	Steel_Wind	2011-06-05	So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?Jaime's forces are split due to the geography of Riverrun. And yes, Robb's tactics are superior.For all that, Robb picks up a few thousand Freys at the Crossing, most of which are archers and a few hundred mounted warriors + several dozen knights. And there are another 8,000 soldiers or so at Riverrun. Robb does most of his work in the West with 8,000 mounted men. The odds are bad for Robb Stark. In the end, he only fails because he didn't better explain his battle plan to Edmure. (Robb Stark could possibly have survived that foolishness with Jeyne Westerling if Stannis won at the Blackwater. But not if Stannis lost the battle.)
634	pleonasm	2011-06-05	Best episode since the pilot IMHO. Even the tent camps looked far more impressive that last weeks. Scale is always going to be a challenge for this series, but I think they did a pretty smash up job this episode. 
Anyone wish they had a differnt Director of Photography? The scenes on the wall aren't bad, but the rest of it looks so 'soap-opera' like. I know HBO can do better. I wonder if they went more hand held and natural light if would feel more authentic and less set-like?
635	Zoren	2011-06-05	Well Sansa is never supposed to be liked, not even in the books.  I think her betrayal is a crucial part in showing how stupid and naive she was to run to Cersei.  And I am disappointed they took that out.  I think this episode portrayed Sansa as very sympathetic and that is not who Sansa is supposed to be.  At least not yet. It is not until Joffrey's betrayal that Sansa is portrayed in a different, more sympathetic light.I think that the reason as to why Sansa, Catelyn and Cersei come off as more sympathetic than their book counterparts is because the producers felt that it would be a very bad idea from a marketing point of view to only have one female character who's not entirely unlikeable (Arya).Heck...a feminist friend of mine (who hasn't read the books yet) even told me that she felt identified with Cersei.
636	Lord Godric	2011-06-05	I think that the reason as to why Sansa, Catelyn and Cersei come off as more sympathetic than their book counterparts is because the producers felt that it would be a very bad idea from a marketing point of view to only have one female character who's not entirely unlikeable (Arya).Heck...a feminist friend of mine (who hasn't read the books yet) even told me that she felt identified with Cersei.Gods, that is a scary thought. Although, if that is the reasoning of the producers I think they have certainly done a disservice to the story.  Especially if Cersei whole tale about actually losing a child is true.
					
					
							Edited by Lord Godric, 05 June 2011 - 11:47 PM.
637	Asarlai	2011-06-05	I think that the reason as to why Sansa, Catelyn and Cersei come off as more sympathetic than their book counterparts is because the producers felt that it would be a very bad idea from a marketing point of view to only have one female character who's not entirely unlikeable (Arya).Lots of people like Dany, and a good deal like Catelyn, too. Cersei is "the villain," so I don't think they worry about wanting people to like her.
638	Wolfheart	2011-06-05	Direwolves! I loved seeing them.  We got both Ghost and Grey Wind.  Now if only we had seen Summer. Oh, and when Rickon walked into Bran's room I was thinking "WTF is this kid?!" And then I realized it had to be Rickon.  Whoops.  That is what happens when he goes missing for many moons and then suddenly reappears.Might have helped the Stark child connection right away if a Shaggydog was padding along with Rickon. ANd its odd. Summer has been a good boy in most episodes on Brans bed or near it. Not this time. Funny.
639	Abaddon	2011-06-05	Well, after an avalanche of overwhelming positivity... I feel a little underwhelmed.  It felt rushed and disjointed to me, overall.  Some great high notes but very jumbled.
I'll give it a mulligan and watch it again soon, maybe I'm just bummed because the Mavs lost.
640	howland_reed	2011-06-05	I have to give props to Sophie Turner again -- that scene with the queen was awesome. "I won't hatch anything!" /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Loved Cersei's subtle "gulp" after Sansa made this plea:"No, I'm not! I'll be a good wife to him, you'll see.  I'll be a queen just like you, I promise! I won't hatch anything!"
641	Asarlai	2011-06-05	I'll be a queen just like you"Well, I can't have you fucking your brother and murdering my son, so goodbye."
642	iheartseverus	2011-06-05	Loved Cersei's subtle "gulp" after Sansa made this plea:"No, I'm not! I'll be a good wife to him, you'll see.  I'll be a queen just like you, I promise! I won't hatch anything!"Best line of the episode.  Its like a double-triple entendre.  Innocent Sansa saying she won't hatch anything, it just means what it means.  But, 'I'll be a queen just like you--I won't hatch anything.  This, to the queen of hatchery!  Plus, there's Cersei's actual hatchlings, three twincest spawn.  Masterful, George.  Masterful.
643	Rockroi	2011-06-05	So, big night, with lots of moments we had been waiting for, but none bigger than:Syrio Forel : All Around Bad Ass- I was never high on the roll nor the actor who played him, but SF had ONE huge scene where you either bought him or not.  And he nailed it.  I never doubted for a second that six fully armed guys would get their asses kicked by an old dude with a wooden sword, but he sold it.  My only issue was Trant who I thought would be more stoic, not angry,  I never doubted for a moment everything they sold in that scene.  Arya was perfect, Syrio was perfect; the fight was great.And yeah, while SyrioÂ<U+0092>s end is still left kinda sorta undefined, I am even MORE convinced heÂ<U+0092>s dead.  That scene spelled out just how doomed he was; did Trant LOOK like he was laying around?  Or that he would let him live>  I just hope Welcome Back KotterÂ<U+0092>s Juan Epstein can get work again.  Khal Drogo, Finally: I liked the seemingly superfluous Khal Drago fight scene.  Yes, I wish his wound would have been more true to the book (as well as the whole reason for the battle: I did not enjoy the indication that the battle was fought for the race for the Iron Throne).  But watching Drogo make his claim for bad ass was great.  And nice use of a prosthetic tongue. Ultimately, I loved most every aspect of that scene, because with the exception of the items mentioned above, it was true to the book and I thought it all worked out.The Weight of (the Game of) Thrones: The best aspect of this episode was watching the immeasurable weight that fell on the shoulders of Sansa Stark.  I thought the episode nailed describing how helpless she was in the jaws of these lions (placed there, by the way, by her loving father).  (AND NOTE: I L-O-V-E-D that the show did away with the foolishness that Sansa had anything to do with her fatherÂ<U+0092>s demise: Ned had those bases covered already).   The actress playing Sansa exuded the peril of her situation.  The show detailed the force- all subtle Â<U+0096>pressed onto her by Cersei, Varys, etc.  The last scene was truly special: from Barristan walking out to Sansa kneeling, there was no question that these people had this all spelled out and were contorting poor Sansa and the love she had for her father against her.  And the fact that Sansa, logically, saw her roll as that of savior for her father was understandable and honest.  A great set of scenes culminating in a really good shot of Sansa sinking under the weight of the Throne itself.  Robb Stark: Development of a Warrior: I loved how Robb developed in this episode and how he grew into his roll.  He is not sure, certain or positive, but he acts like a man who is confident that he is giving his family the best chance of survival against the forces of evil Lannister.   I thought the scenes with Greatjon and Cat all went very well.  I also liked how he is afraid but determined.  In other words, I thought he was Robb Stark before he went stupid.  The Meh:Tywin Lannister: My favorite bad guy seemed a bit too enthused at RobbÂ<U+0092>s moves: did he forget where he was?  He just seems too excited for a man who is supposed to be stoic and stern.  Also, I am PISSED that they did not keep the original dialog with Shagga: Tywin uses deft subtlety to have the tribes fight with him.  Tyrion says as much.  Instead, a very heavy-handed interaction: one we would expect from an average sci-fi fantasy story, not MartinÂ<U+0092>s AGoT.   The Disappearance of Arya Stark: I know why they did what they did, but I thought the scene was rushed.  I thought it was sloppy, confusing and unremarkable.  The scene I am talking about is when the stable boy (dressed like the genie from Aladdin) discovers Arya.  That scene is TERRIFYING in the books and then grotesque as Arya kills a boy.  ItÂ<U+0092>s a very important scene in AryÂ<U+0092>s development.  In the show?  Its so fast (the voice-over so bad), the camera cutting so confused that it has NO emotional impact AT ALL.  Now, I know why they did this: they do not want to dwell on the killing of a 12 year-old boy.  I got that.  But I thought the scene was a letdown. The Minimization of Bran Stark: The one scene I missed was the one in the books where Robb unburdens himself to Bran.  In the book its touching and very telling about the pressure Robb was under and how he needed Bran.  In the book its as close to a brother-to-brother relationship as we get.  Instead: we get a rushed scene with all the cliche's about how the younger brother wants to go with the older brother.  And then a rushed explanation with the LAMEST excuse ever- that Robb has to move his army out at night?  Robb- youÂ<U+0092>re moving 18,000 men: how subtle do you think you can be, buddy?  The salvage operation is that apparently the Starks let Rickon out of his cell to be kind a creepy and downtrodden.  And seeming as old as Bran.  I thought this was the LEAST they could do.  Otherwise, a really disappointing scene that could have been wonderful.  And it leads me to this complaint: you donÂ<U+0092>t have time for a really solid emotional scene between the brothersÂ<U+0085> but you DO have time for us to see HodorÂ<U+0092>s cock.  Really? Jon Snow and the Emo That Never Ends: HeÂ<U+0092>s just not improving.  Sam is; Jon is not.  Overall, a solid but unspectacular episode that I liked but know will sort of morph into the background when I get the DVDs.
644	Ambitus	2011-06-06	So do you think Hodor's "giantness" was a recruiting requirement? Would that even be legal? 
"Alright you seem a great fit for the part, just one more thing..." as he pulls out a ruler.
645	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	The version in the book made sense because we knew that Stannis was investigating it with Jon Arryn.  That hasn't been introduced in the show, so it would feel entirely random if he just somehow knew all along and hid somewhere while the Lannisters committed treason and killed his brother. They can have a scene with him talking about Ned's letter rather then have unnecessary exposition about how he was really working with Jon Arryn the whole time and we just never knew about it.Then why is he hiding?
646	Wolfheart	2011-06-06	Dany isn't showing much signs in the belly at all of Pregnancy. I call a HUGE foul on David, Dan and Gemma for not giving her a prosthetic pregnant belly or whatever they need and cover it up with fabric. Are we truly to believe she goes on this far in a span of time with such a small belly and miscarries?
647	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	So do you think Hodor's "giantness" was a recruiting requirement? Would that even be legal? "Alright you seem a great fit for the part, just one more thing..." as he pulls out a ruler.If he wasn't...uh..giant enough, I am sure they could have faked it. But, I also didn't think that scene was necessary (even though it was in the books) and just found myself wondering "they couldn't have actually filmed that in front of Isaac."
648	Carldog	2011-06-06	Let's hear it for Drogo's finishing move!  Take note Mortal Kombat.!
649	Ambitus	2011-06-06	But, I also didn't think that scene was necessary (even though it was in the books) and just found myself wondering "they couldn't have actually filmed that in front of Isaac."Of course it was important, without it there wouldn't have been any nudity this episode! Honestly though after Ros I'm a bit numb to that whole thing, I was just glad I didn't have to strain to here the sexposition over moaning. I'd rather see Hodor's Giant than Ros... and I realized how weird that is now that I've typed it.
650	Carldog	2011-06-06	Hodor shouldn't be HANGING around like that, the scene was to BIG for him to be FLOPPING around in.  And in the cold of the North even!
651	Arbrigo Goldes	2011-06-06	One little detail from this ep that I loved, loved, loved was the scene between Ned and Varys, when Ned says something to the effect of "well then you might as well just slit my throat now"  and Varys replies, "Not today."  Nice echo of what Syrio teaches Arya at the start of the episode, and shows a snippet of possible connection between Varys' and Syrio's background.
Wish Sansa would have mentioned the possibility of Ned taking the Black as a form of mercy, but I suppose they can fill that in next week.
Overall, awesome.
652	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-06	I just finished watching it on HBO GO. I loved it, and particularly the first half. It's almost a pity it's going to be heavily over-shadowed by the next episode, "Baelor". 1. The first seven minutes of this episode were absolutely intense. Syrio's stand, Sansa's flight and capture by the Hound, the death of Ned's men - it all flowed together so seamlessly. I was sitting on the edge of my chair the whole time. 2. Show-Tyrion continues to be amazing, whether it's with Bronn, Tywin, or the Hill Clans. They were obviously setting him up for a battle next episode. I noticed that we didn't get discussion of Tysha. I don't think they'll drop it entirely (it's too important to Tyrion's mindset), but maybe they'll have it revealed later on. 3. No Jaime this episode, which will almost certainly be made up of a lot of Jaime next episode. I strongly suspect we'll see his attempted attack on Robb directly, along with his defeat and capture. 4. Now there's the Tully family relations I was looking for! Good dialogue between Cat and Lysa, and between Cat and Robb. I noticed that we haven't seen the Blackfish, which makes me wonder if he's been altogether cut. That's somewhat of a pity when you consider his great scene with Jaime in AFFC, but not a surprising one. 5. I liked most, but not all, of the sequence with Jon and the Wight. The part that I didn't like what Sam's speech while they're burning it. I think it would have been much better to have Ser Alliser report that they've cut up the other (or better yet, see him in action), and end the episode with him being ordered to go south with the severed hand. Something to remind us that he's not just a one-note asshole (like how they had him tell Jon and Sam about how he got stuck in the mountains with other men and turned to cannibalism earlier on in the season). 6. Aside from Hodor /stillsick.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':stillsick:' />, there were no nudity or overt sex scenes in this episode. Even the implied rapes with the Dothraki sacking of the Lhazareen village did not show anyone nude. 7. Ned's rapport with Varys continues to be great. I liked Varys in the novels, and I'm liking him even more in the television series. I think that the remaining parts of his dialogue with Ned will be shown in "Baelor", so that they can conclude the episode with Ned's beheading (likely in the same proximity as Jaime's capture). 8. I like this Osha now. I wasn't entirely pleased with their choice when she first appeared, but she seemed pretty good this episode. The dialogue she had with Bran was concise and enlightening. 9. Poor Sansa. It was almost painful to watch her scenes, knowing how Joff is going to hurt her both at Ned's beheading, and for most of the next season or two.
					
					
							Edited by Wise Bass, 06 June 2011 - 12:29 AM.
653	Trebla	2011-06-06	So do you think Hodor's "giantness" was a recruiting requirement? Would that even be legal? "Alright you seem a great fit for the part, just one more thing..." as he pulls out a ruler.Or it was a prosthetic ala Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights.
654	Jambo	2011-06-06	Dany isn't showing much signs in the belly at all of Pregnancy. I call a HUGE foul on David, Dan and Gemma for not giving her a prosthetic pregnant belly or whatever they need and cover it up with fabric. Are we truly to believe she goes on this far in a span of time with such a small belly and miscarries?Agreed, that seems like it would have been a pretty easy thing to put in the show - weird that it was overlooked.
655	Lord O' Bones	2011-06-06	Syrio's end is wonderfully rendered and as logically unambiguous as ever.
Syrio's death, the how, why, when and what for: Awesome!
Conjecture that he lives, largely based on comic fandom and wank: Whatever the opposite of awesome is.
656	Ambitus	2011-06-06	Also this is incredibly small but I liked how they had Arya whisper "not today" to herself as she escaped. The quotes she learned from Syrio in the book "Swift as a deer" etc, were important to me because when she thought them throughout the series it showed Syrio living on through her. I'll be happy if, since we can't see in her head, this quote replaces that to help us remember Syrio.
657	Huan	2011-06-06	I'll just add that it seems like they are combining Greatjon Umber and Lord Karstark's book roles into show role Greatjon Umber. It's not a big stretch to do that.
658	malarky1231	2011-06-06	Kinda disappointed we didn't get to see the battle of the green forks. Guess that'll be in the next episode.
659	iheartseverus	2011-06-06	Of course it was important, without it there wouldn't have been any nudity this episode! Honestly though after Ros I'm a bit numb to that whole thing, I was just glad I didn't have to strain to here the sexposition over moaning. I'd rather see Hodor's Giant than Ros... and I realized how weird that is now that I've typed it.LOL, totally agree.  I was SO worried earlier when GRRM posted on his (not-a) blog that others had written bits of this episode.  My first thought was 'oh, no, no, NO--please god, not Random Ros again!'   By comparison, Hodor's Giant, if that was HBO's obligatory wiggly-jiggly for the episode, shrug...I had a weird 'gasp' reaction after Drogo's fight--he dropped the dripping bloody tongue on the pile of other guts and body parts and then wiped his hand across his open wound.  I was like 'No, don't!  Sepsis!  Sepsis!'  Too bad the Kahl didn't listen to me, he might have gotten a chance to ride over the poison sea in wooden horses and sit in the iron chair after all!/tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
660	Basileus777	2011-06-06	Then why is he hiding?He's the Lord of Dragonstone.  The show hasn't given any reason why he should be anywhere other than where the seat of his power is. The show hasn't even established him as a member of the small council.
					
					
							Edited by Basileus777, 06 June 2011 - 12:35 AM.
661	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	4. Now there's the Tully family relations I was looking for! Good dialogue between Cat and Lysa, and between Cat and Robb. I noticed that we haven't seen the Blackfish, which makes me wonder if he's been altogether cut. That's somewhat of a pity when you consider his great scene with Jaime in AFFC, but not a surprising one.I thought it had been confirmed that the Blackfish was being saved until Season 2.  As was Edmure and all of Riverrun.
662	Ambitus	2011-06-06	Agreed, that seems like it would have been a pretty easy thing to put in the show - weird that it was overlooked.Maybe it wasn't overlooked? Maybe I'm not picturing it right but when I try to imagine her khaleesi speeches with a big belly, they just don't seem as "queenly."
663	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-06	How could I forget about Barristan Selmy's great scene? That was really damn awesome, even if it didn't include his concluding line (something like "it won't do you much good when Stannis takes it from you"). The actor gave such a nice aura of wronged dignity (and Selmy is one of my favorite characters).
664	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-06-06	I wish i was half as badass as Drogo was.
665	Ambitus	2011-06-06	I had a weird 'gasp' reaction after Drogo's fight--he dropped the dripping bloody tongue on the pile of other guts and body parts and then wiped his hand across his open wound.  I was like 'No, don't!  Sepsis!  Sepsis!'  Too bad the Kahl didn't listen to me, he might have gotten a chance to ride over the poison sea in wooden horses and sit in the iron chair after all!/tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />I didn't even notice him wipe the blood. I was too busy feeling my tongue and imagining it being ripped out my throat... I concluded that it would be unpleasant...
666	Zoren	2011-06-06	Dany isn't showing much signs in the belly at all of Pregnancy. I call a HUGE foul on David, Dan and Gemma for not giving her a prosthetic pregnant belly or whatever they need and cover it up with fabric. Are we truly to believe she goes on this far in a span of time with such a small belly and miscarries?If I recall correctly, the final two chapters of Dany in AGOT take place a few weeks after everyone else's chapters are done (they actually take place at the beginning of ACOK) so there's still hope.
667	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-06	I thought it had been confirmed that the Blackfish was being saved until Season 2.  As was Edmure and all of Riverrun.I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
668	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	I'll just add that it seems like they are combining Greatjon Umber and Lord Karstark's book roles into show role Greatjon Umber. It's not a big stretch to do that.I watched the show on HBOGo and the families they mentioned as bannermen of the North were Mormont, Karstark, Umber, Bolton, Hornwood and Cerwyn.  So I imagine we'll actually see characters from these families even if they are just in background.  I really hope they haven't combined the two characters completely (although for now they certainly can) as I do not think having the Greatjon murder the hostages at Riverrun and then be executed by Robb for treason would be the same.  The Greatjon is fiercely loyal to Robb.
669	iheartseverus	2011-06-06	I wish i was half as badass as Drogo was.This--from a nOOb at the TWoP site.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> Drogo is 100% bad-ass! I want one of my own.
670	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-06	Well Sansa is never supposed to be liked, not even in the books.  I think her betrayal is a crucial part in showing how stupid and naive she was to run to Cersei.  And I am disappointed they took that out.  I think this episode portrayed Sansa as very sympathetic and that is not who Sansa is supposed to be.  At least not yet. It is not until Joffrey's betrayal that Sansa is portrayed in a different, more sympathetic light.I could be wrong, but from reading the forums over the years, I've gotten the distinct impression that there's a sizable portion of book fans that really hate Sansa, and never forgave her for the terrible mistake she made in the first book, despite the more sympathetic light she's portrayed in later on and abuses she suffers.  My hunch, since GRRM wrote this episode, is that was never his intention, and that he intended for Sansa to be a more sympathetic character in the series. Therefore by removing the betrayal of her father, he succeeded removing a lot of the hate people usually hold against her (though not all, people can still rake her over the coals for the Lady scene). I'd even go as far to speculate that GRRM would have removed that part from the books if he'd had an inkling how unforgiving so many of his fans would be toward Sansa due to her foolish actions. Like the aging up of the children, this possibly gave Martin the opportunity to correct something he would have changed in retrospect.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 06 June 2011 - 12:53 AM.
671	ZombieWife	2011-06-06	Best episode yet.  I have nothing negative to say about it.  
Will ignore all whiner posts.
Except for one.....
Dany could absolutely be 5-6 months along no problem.  Some women carry smaller.  She was wearing a long skirt anyway.  
Now, back to goodness:
Drogo rocks.  Everyone rocks.  Bad guys rock.  Good guys rock.  This episode made me drunk on happiness.  I love everyone.
the end
672	Social Justice Bass	2011-06-06	I watched the show on HBOGo and the families they mentioned as bannermen of the North were Mormont, Karstark, Umber, Bolton, Hornwood and Cerwyn.  So I imagine we'll actually see characters from these families even if they are just in background.  I really hope they haven't combined the two characters completely (although for now they certainly can) as I do not think having the Greatjon murder the hostages at Riverrun and then be executed by Robb for treason would be the same.  The Greatjon is fiercely loyal to Robb.Speaking of which, was Roose Bolton at Robb's table (and tent before Cat showed up)? I really didn't get a good look during either scene.
673	Brewmaster	2011-06-06	Which I was worried about seeing as they had taken a previously mysterious scene from the book (the two men Arya had seen talking in the basement) and showed us who it was. In the book, it was just as open-ended for Syrio. So thanks for that, George.Um, the Illyrio/Varys conversation wasn't mysterious in the book. Arya didn't know who they were, the reader clearly does. Its like 500 pages into the book and she sees two men who are described as only 2 men have been described previously. That wasn't mean to be the least bit mysterious to the reader. Just Arya.
674	Asarlai	2011-06-06	AND NOTE: I L-O-V-E-D that the show did away with the foolishness that Sansa had anything to do with her fatherÂ<U+0092>s demise: Ned had those bases covered alreadyIt's not "foolishness," it's a legitimate part of the story. She goes to the queen because she's sad about leaving her precious prince and ruins any chance Ned had for getting his household out alive. Ned himself did a lot to put that chance in jeopardy, but all for good reasons. Sansa is just throwing a hissy fit about losing her "valiant" prince.The actress playing Sansa exuded the peril of her situation.I noted very few facial expressions, a complaint shared by many here.Jon Snow and the Emo That Never Ends: HeÂ<U+0092>s just not improving.  Sam is; Jon is not.  Emo? I see Jon with the corpses, not much there, Jon attacking a man, not "emo," Jon killing a wight, pretty cool, and Jon at the burning of the wights. Please, do tell, what is so "emo"?
675	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	Speaking of which, was Roose Bolton at Robb's table (and tent before Cat showed up)? I really didn't get a good look during either scene.I don't think in either scene that we see the bannermen of the North is anyone actually wearing the sigils of their houses, so it is impossible to tell who anyone is.
676	laughing tree knight	2011-06-06	I got the feeling from the real intro of Rickon in this Episode that from a viewer's POV who had never read the books. I might think Rickon has future telling abilities.  
I dont think this based on any of the books.  I mean in the book hes so young he's wild with his parents gone and because of that so is Shaggy, but this boy doesn't seem like that at all.
677	Brewmaster	2011-06-06	I have some sympathy for "book Theon" and always have. That's not a popular opinion around here, but Theon did not want to attack the Starks. Robb was his brother and Winterfell was the home he always wanted to live in. He did not deal harshly with the smallfolk of Winterfell, either. That was Ramsay's work, not Theon's. Theon would never have burned Winerfell -- and as Jon correctly believed when first confronted with the news, Theon would never have killed Bran or Rickon, either. It made no sense.Theon is a tragic character, not a villain.George isn't done with Theon yet. If George can almost erase Jaime's Lannister's sins with the loss of a hand, he may yet be able to redeem Theon with the loss of a few fingers and toes in ADwD. Here's to hoping.Theon is truly pathetic. Some people were questioning how pathetic he comes across in many of the early episodes of the show, but he was written to be pretty pathetic in the book too. I agree with you, totally, Steel Wind. I'm sympathetic to Theon too. Not that he doesn't deserve whatever comes his way. If he meets a gruesome end, I'm not going to lose a ton of sleep over it, but I am rooting for him to redeem himself.He's looked down on by pretty much everyone, made a fool of by his sister, father and pretty much every Iron born when he is making what he believes is going to be a triumphant return home. He's weak willed, easily influenced and pretty incompetent, but he doesn't mean to do the harm he ultimately is responsible for.He is a tragic character.
678	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-06	It's not "foolishness," it's a legitimate part of the story. She goes to the queen because she's sad about leaving her precious prince and ruins any chance Ned had for getting his household out alive. Ned himself did a lot to put that chance in jeopardy, but all for good reasons. Sansa is just throwing a hissy fit about losing her "valiant" prince.I always some thought fans grossly exaggerated the importance of Sansa's betrayal to Ned's downfall.  Doesn't the fact that Martin wrote this episode indicate that he felt it wasn't necessary after all?  I suppose he could have cut it due to time constraints or pacing issues, but I think if it were truly as important as some people make it out to be, he would have found a way to have it included. After all, Sansa's betrayal could have been revealed by dialogue and not by showing us the actual scene, which wouldn't have been too hard cram into the episode I would have thought?
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 06 June 2011 - 01:29 AM.
679	laughing tree knight	2011-06-06	I'll just add that it seems like they are combining Greatjon Umber and Lord Karstark's book roles into show role Greatjon Umber. It's not a big stretch to do that.i don't know I think they need to be to separate characters. the greajon Umber is there at the red wedding. Lord karnstark need to kill the laniesters boys and pay the price for his grief and help cost him the north how can he do both?I think that after the battle of the whispering wood and the proclaim king of the north in the finale. that in the second season their will be a whole slew of new characters. One of them can be karstark and it can be established then that his sons died in the whispering wood. It was expected from the books that as each season would introduce a boatload of new characters. but from a  television show's POV their are only so many characters their going to cast with talent in the first season not knowing if they have a heat. they dont want to pay for minor 1st season appearances, but if the show is a huge hit they go out and cast new big talent to fill those roles in the second season.I expect to see blackfish and the tully's and more northman along with Stannis obviously in season 2
680	Rhodan	2011-06-06	Probably my least favorite episode of the season:
*No memorable new scenes.
*Going all over the place.
*Tyrion not mentioning Tysha.
*Shagga not talking about cuting of manhood and feeding it to goats.
*Violence against Lharazaan ridicilously toned down.
*Jorah not mentioning Rheagar.
*Sandor not being named replacement straight away.   
I know this is nerd rage but presumbly original author can be the laest creative person when it comes to translating his own work.
681	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	He's the Lord of Dragonstone.  The show hasn't given any reason why he should be anywhere other than where the seat of his power is. The show hasn't even established him as a member of the small council.The show hasn't established him as Lord of Dragonstone either.  Yet you assume that.The Viewers Guide says he's on the Small Council as Master of Ships.I don't think in either scene that we see the bannermen of the North is anyone actually wearing the sigils of their houses, so it is impossible to tell who anyone is.This is probably by design.  The lords of many of the Houses will need to be cast down the road, but there is no reason to pay good actors for them in the first season when they don't have a whole lot to do.
					
					
							Edited by Bronn Stone, 06 June 2011 - 01:35 AM.
682	axels15	2011-06-06	Probably my least favorite episode of the season:*No memorable new scenes.*Going all over the place.*Tyrion not mentioning Tysha.*Shagga not talking about cuting of manhood and feeding it to goats.*Violence against Lharazaan ridicilously toned down.*Jorah not mentioning Rheagar.*Sandor not being named replacement straight away.   I know this is nerd rage but presumbly original author can be the laest creative person when it comes to translating his own work.There was a mention of the manhood and goats... you may have missed that
683	Ambitus	2011-06-06	Probably my least favorite episode of the season:*No memorable new scenes.*Going all over the place.*Tyrion not mentioning Tysha.*Shagga not talking about cuting of manhood and feeding it to goats.*Violence against Lharazaan ridicilously toned down.*Jorah not mentioning Rheagar.*Sandor not being named replacement straight away.   I know this is nerd rage but presumbly original author can be the laest creative person when it comes to translating his own work.I really didn't care about that stuff that much, but I distinctly remembered Shagga threatening to feed Tyrion's manhood to a goat. And Tyrion's response made it clear that this was not a first either.
684	Asarlai	2011-06-06	I always some thought fans grossly exaggerated the importance of Sansa's betrayal to Ned's downfall.  Doesn't the fact that Martin wrote this episode indicate that he felt it wasn't necessary after all?  I suppose he could have cut it due to time constraints or pacing issues, but I think if it were truly as important as some people make it out to be, he would have found a way to have it included. After all, Sansa's betrayal could have been revealed by dialogue and not by showing us the actual scene, which wouldn't have been too hard cram into the episode I would have thought?Wouldn't it have been last episode, not this one?Anyway, they're cutting whatever they deem the story can do without (other than a certain whore...), and they can justify what happened without Sansa's betrayal. Not being important to the film adaptation â<U+0089>  not being important to the book.
685	Zoren	2011-06-06	Speaking of which, was Roose Bolton at Robb's table (and tent before Cat showed up)? I really didn't get a good look during either scene.I don't recall Bolton being cast for S1. I assume he'll appear for the first time in S2.
					
					
							Edited by Zoren, 06 June 2011 - 01:40 AM.
686	paulzie	2011-06-06	Great episode, but the pacing in the beginning of the episode through me for a loop (as mentioned by a few posters already). I was struggling to keep up (or waiting for more things to happen that was in AGOT). Oh wells. Overall, a very well written episode by GRRM. Looking forward to more by the creator of ASOIAF.
AND FINALLY, SOME LOVE FOR THE DIREWOLVES.
687	AshaÂ<U+0097>Not Yara!	2011-06-06	Wouldn't it have been last episode, not this one?Anyway, they're cutting whatever they deem the story can do without (other than a certain whore...), and they can justify what happened without Sansa's betrayal. Not being important to the film adaptation â<U+0089>  not being important to the book.Sure, it could have been done in the last episode, but why couldn't have been this episode? Had it been this episode it would have been following the books more closely as Martin didn't reveal Sansa's betrayal until after it had happened. Anyway, I didn't care for it in the book, and I'm glad to see it gone from the show for whatever the reasons may have been.
					
					
							Edited by Mellisandra, 06 June 2011 - 01:54 AM.
688	TheEvilKing	2011-06-06	Perhaps it got lost in among the more notable badassery of Syrio, Drogo and Robb, but nobody has mentioned that Septa Mordane was a total badass in this episode.She slew them all.
689	Asarlai	2011-06-06	Perhaps it got lost in among the more notable badassery of Syrio, Drogo and Robb, but nobody has mentioned that Septa Mordane was a total badass in this episode.She slew them all.She was quite brave. I was wondering if they would show her death, since by the time Joffrey does the "heads on spikes" scene, many viewers would have forgot the occasionally shown Septa. However, this was even better.
690	Eponine	2011-06-06	I so hope when we see Roose Bolton, he's wearing pink. 
I have liked Sansa from the very beginning and found her sympathetic - you guys know in the books that she's ELEVEN, right? I thought that she was portrayed in a way that's consistent with the book in this episode - when she comes before the court, she is not outwardly emotional, she is very very careful of how she presents herself. This does seem a bit at odds with how she acts in earlier episodes though. I think that the implied chronology of the show makes her "betrayal" unnecessary, because the show appears to stretch things out so that Cersei has all the time in the world to prepare after Ned is the stupid one who tells her everything he knows. There's no need for her to have had any other information.
This episode and ep 6 have been my favorites so far. Show Robb was better than book Robb in these scenes - maybe for me a result of getting away from Cat's "he's my precious baby all grown up" POV. Varys has also become a more real character to me - I find him fascinating in the book too but found it hard to believe that someone could really act and talk like him, but he makes it work.
I wish that the relevant episode had given time to developing the SanSan relationship because his appearance and her reaction seemed disjointed relative to the show although makes sense to readers. I do not like the casting of Osha.
Lysa is still an awesome villainess.
I don't think the Tysha story is necessary at this point - there has already been a lot of exposition in the show, and I think it will fit better next season when Tywin is reluctantly sending Tyrion to court but warning him not to take Shae.
691	Asarlai	2011-06-06	I don't think the Tysha story is necessary at this point - there has already been a lot of exposition in the show, and I think it will fit better next season when Tywin is reluctantly sending Tyrion to court but warning him not to take Shae.Knowing HBO, they'll flashback and show all 50 guards. Of course, they'll have to cut out the Great Ranging and Jon's wildling arc, but that's not as important.
692	Basileus777	2011-06-06	Knowing HBO, they'll flashback and show all 50 guards. Of course, they'll have to cut out the Great Ranging and Jon's wildling arc, but that's not as important.The chances of HBO showing a gang rape scene are not particularly high.
					
					
							Edited by Basileus777, 06 June 2011 - 02:45 AM.
693	The hairy bear	2011-06-06	I'll admit I am disappointed with the episode, mainly because I had very high expectations with George being the writer. I would rate this opposite better than the first four, but below episodes 5 to 7.One of the things I was dearly hoping to see were new scenes told from outside the POVs perspective. I was hoping that George would take the chance that the tv allows him and show us scenes that he couldn't have been included the books. He did this a little by showing Robb with a little more depth, but I wished he had done much more of this.I'm also in a minority when I say that I didn't like Syrio's last stand. Yes, it was very cool, but I want it realistic, not cool. The way Syrio basically rendered 4 armed and armored men at arms KO with a few fints was laughable. Also, Arya killing the stableboy was a weak scene. Truth be told, those faults lay in the direction more than the writing. But I've also have some complain for George. This is very personal, but I hated that Syrio's fate (as in death) was not left clear. There was a reason in the books, since it's told by Arya's POV, but here George had the perfect oportunity to put all this Syrio=Jacen nonsense to rest.It would have made more sense if the spy had seen less forces than there were. That way, the spy's report would support Robb's plan of making Tywin believe all his army was engaging him in the Green Fork. With the actual info, I really don't see the point of the scene. And Hodor's appearance was completely needless.Well Sansa is never supposed to be liked, not even in the books.  I think her betrayal is a crucial part in showing how stupid and naive she was to run to Cersei.  And I am disappointed they took that out.  Couldn't disagree more. George himself has expressed his surprise with the hate some fans seem to aim towards Sansa and Catelyn.There are strong reasons to leave Sansa's "betrayal" out. For one, she is already one of the characters that have been worse treated in the adaptation. All the scenes that left her in good light and showed her as a passionate and good hearted girl have been left out: how she cleverly deduced the identitites of the Small Council's members, how she shone in the Tourney of the Hand,...  In the books she always tried to please everyone, and in the series comes across as a spoiled brat. But most of all, the aging up of the characters would have painted Sansa in a much worse light. It makes sense that an eleven year old Sansa would explain to Cersei that she was sad to leave without understanding what's at stake here. But the older Sansa of the tv adaptation would know this to be treason.Then why is he hiding?I agree that it's a very good option to have Stannis learn of his rights through Ned's letter. It simplifies things, which is needed in the adaptation. And in the TV series, it is never said that Stannis is hiding. For all we know, Stannis is not part of the Small Council and sulking in Dragonstone.
					
					
							Edited by The hairy bear, 06 June 2011 - 02:52 AM.
694	Asarlai	2011-06-06	The chances of HBO showing a gang rape scene are not particularly high.It was an "HBO likes sex and cuts plot to show more of it" joke.I agree that it's a very good option to have Stannis learn of his rights through Ned's letter. It simplifies things, which is needed in the adaptation. And in the TV series, it is never said that Stannis is hiding. For all we know, Stannis is not part of the Small Council and sulking in Dragonstone.Plus, it makes Ned's efforts not quite so futile, which could help soften the blow of his death a little.
					
					
							Edited by Asarlai, 06 June 2011 - 02:50 AM.
695	John (Snow) Doe	2011-06-06	What do people think of Varys' "Not today" line?
I can't keep up with the latest Varys / Syrio / Jaqen / etc theories, so I'll re-open the debate here...
696	Trinket	2011-06-06	Great episode. The only negative thing I have to say about it is the stableboy scene. I feel bad about criticizing a child for poor acting (no, I don't mean Arya's actress who is doing a great job), so I'll just overlook that scene. There are several characters that really have grown on me, that I didn't pay much attention to  in the books, and Syrio is one of them. I really like how he is portrayed. I think it is interesting that the tv show just like the books decided not to show his death. Could mean something, but maybe not. Pretty much liked everything else. Lysa is portrayed very well, everything with Tyrion, Bronn, Tywin and/or the hlltribes is awesome. Can't wait for Tyrion to go to King's landing! Tywin feels much more like Tywin in this episode than the previous. Drogo's fight was great. I'm happy.  /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />This--from a nOOb at the TWoP site.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> Drogo is 100% bad-ass! I want one of my own.Somebody will be very disappointed in a few episodes /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' />I agree though, Drogo is totally badass.
697	Ran	2011-06-06	Let me just ditto The Hairy Bear. George lets readers decide what they want about how they feel regarding characters... but he has very explicitly said he's a bit annoyed by readings of the characters which claim they're whiny or that you're supposed to dislike them. No, you can dislike them if you want, but he never wrote either of them with the intention of driving people into disliking them.
698	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-06	Awesome episode, the best so far, without a doubt, IMO.  I can't recall any bad moments in this episode, but it's easy to mention at least three great moments:Cool:Syrio vs. the Lannister guardsOne of Tyrion's best lines: "I wanna die at the age of 80, with a belly full of wine, and a maiden's mouth around my cock".The introduction of Shagga and the mountain clans.Shagga's line: "I will cut off your manhood and ...", then Tyrion interrupts: "feed it to the goats, yes" (just like in the book). I'm glad GRRM kept those lines.The direwolves!Hodor's nude sceneThe white walker vs. Jon Snow (*)Khal Drogo kills a man with his bare hands!Sansa's appeal to king JoffreyBarristan Selmy's walkoutRobb and Lysa were also great (as usual) in their scenesNot so cool:I don't think there were any bad moments in this episode. If I had to mention a 'weak' moment, it would have to be the stableboy scene: It went too quickly. The director and editor should've spent more time building up the scene.EDIT: (*) Well, although it was cool that they included the scene, I think it could've been directed better. In the book there was a better sense of urgency and suspense (it felt like a horror novel/movie). I also think it would've helped if the scene was slightly longer. But then again, the director/editor only has 55-60 minutes at his disposal, so it's not an easy task.
					
					
							Edited by Arya The Assassin, 06 June 2011 - 06:33 AM.
699	TheEvilKing	2011-06-06	What do people think of Varys' "Not today" line?I think it pretty much proves that Varys is Azor Ahai.Osha seems to know a bit too much about the wind. Perhaps she can control it, with only her mind. I think she has some "Old Gods" powers, she is a priestess of some sort.
700	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-06	I'm also in a minority when I say that I didn't like Syrio's last stand. Yes, it was very cool, but I want it realistic, not cool. The way Syrio basically rendered 4 armed and armored men at arms KO with a few fints was laughable.He hit the guards on the unarmed parts of their bodies (face, lower arms and legs). He also hit their helmets, and although the blow wouldn't kill them, it would still 'pacify' (disorient) them for a short while . The whole point with Syrio's fighting style is speed and agility over brute force (this is a style that also suits Arya, because she's not as strong as a man). At one point, he even dodged a blow so that the guard took out one of his own men.Besides, the guards probably underestimated Syrio: After all, they probably thought that this guy with a wooden sword was no real threat to them. Syrio is supposed to be one of the best fencing masters, IIRC, so underestimating him was a crucial mistake. If the guards had been much more careful, Syrio would have had a much tougher time beating them. I believe the fight was very faithful to the book as well.Also, Arya killing the stableboy was a weak scene.I agree, I think it passed too quickly and didn't leave the same impression as in the book. The director should've have given it more screentime. It lacked any suspense and tension whatsoever.This is very personal, but I hated that Syrio's fate (as in death) was not left clear.So he's in fact dead? (I don't remember what happened to him in book three or four) If so, then I agree that we should've seen him get killed (it would also give the scene an emotional touch). But this is not a big issue for me. In the book and onscreen I had the impression that he was about to lose anyway (after all, his wooden sword was broken, and the commander didn't underestimate Syrio the same way his men did).And Hodor's appearance was completely needless.I think it was supposed to be a funny moment, so I wouldn't say it was completely needless. I think it was funny in the book and they managed to make it funny onscreen as well. Whether you think it was funny or not is another matter, though.George himself has expressed his surprise with the hate some fans seem to aim towards Sansa and Catelyn.I fully agree. I don't quite understand this 'hate' against Sansa and Catelyn. I think Joffrey is the only character that seems to have no or few redeemable qualities so far. I don't like Cersei either (in fact, I strongly dislike her), but at least there seems to be some rationale behind her actions, and she's not completely stupid.
701	TheEvilKing	2011-06-06	Doesn't Rodrik Cassell stay at Winterfell in the books? Or does he go back there at some point?I'm wondering if he's the "Unexpected Death" GRRM was talking about. Although he dies in book 2. Possibly George got confused, there are a lot of characters to keep track of after all.
702	Maginor	2011-06-06	Doesn't Rodrik Cassell stay at Winterfell in the books? Or does he go back there at some point?I'm wondering if he's the "Unexpected Death" GRRM was talking about. Although he dies in book 2. Possibly George got confused, there are a lot of characters to keep track of after all.He came south with Catelyn, but he stayed at the Eyrie (he was wounded in the hill tribe fight or something like that), and I think he took a boat back to the North.
703	kungtotte	2011-06-06	Syrios last stand is almost a direct translation from the book to the screen, so anybody who is upset with it should probably go re-read the book or just not talk so much.
704	denstorebog	2011-06-06	10 pages and no one mentions how R+L=J has just been disproven by this episode?
When Jon throws the fire at the wight, he clearly gasps in pain from the heat. This would be a *very* odd detail to include - by the author himself, no less - if they want to make it canon that Targaryens are down with fire.
(Actually, I don't think this means anything, and Viserys was shown to feel heat as well, but 'he was no dragon'. This was just such an odd detail to put in if they want us to believe that Jon is Targaryen and a dragon's head or whatnot.)
705	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	I'll take it a step further and say that the prevalence of hate toward some characters at times makes me absolutely ashamed to be a member of this fanbase, and sometimes makes it difficult to justify from an adult perspective.  It's just such an ugly word, such an ugly concept, such a disheartening thing to know that reason has left the building and that these supposedly sophisticated fans of an intricate series of books are basing their opinions without any neurons firing north of their spinal column.  Granted these are only fictional characters, but I can't help but wonder if these same people use the same stunted thought patterns in their everyday lives.  That the hate seems disproportionately skewed toward female characters raises a whole nother can of ugly conclusions to be drawn.  I guess some people are just wired differently.  It's a depressing thought.
706	TheEvilKing	2011-06-06	He came south with Catelyn, but he stayed at the Eyrie (he was wounded in the hill tribe fight or something like that), and I think he took a boat back to the North.There goes my crackpot theory. I'll go back to crossing my fingers and hoping it's not a Clegane or Lord Beric.
707	Lies And Perfidy	2011-06-06	Any ideas on the identity of the last northern lord? We've got the Greatjon (obv), Maege Mormont, and the gray-haired fellow who I'm pretty sure is meant to be Galbart Glover. The guy in the hood could be Robbett Glover, or maybe Lord Cerywn.
708	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-06	I'll take it a step further and say that the prevalence of hate toward some characters at times makes me absolutely ashamed to be a member of this fanbase, and sometimes makes it difficult to justify from an adult perspective.  It's just such an ugly word, such an ugly concept, ...I don't think most people really mean it, after all, these are only fictional characters. But I agree: I use the word 'hate' sparingly. To me it's a very personal term.
709	Talleyrand	2011-06-06	He came south with Catelyn, but he stayed at the Eyrie (he was wounded in the hill tribe fight or something like that), and I think he took a boat back to the North.Rodrik took the boat back to WH with Cat but Rodrik went back up to winterfell while Cat went to Moat Calian
710	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	10 pages and no one mentions how R+L=J has just been disproven by this episode?When Jon throws the fire at the wight, he clearly gasps in pain from the heat. This would be a *very* odd detail to include - by the author himself, no less - if they want to make it canon that Targaryens are down with fire.(Actually, I don't think this means anything, and Viserys was shown to feel heat as well, but 'he was no dragon'. This was just such an odd detail to put in if they want us to believe that Jon is Targaryen and a dragon's head or whatnot.)Uhm, this is straight from the books?  Jon's hand is badly burned in exactly the same way and remains scarred throughout the series.  Targaryens are not immune to fire; Daenerys is an exception (and GRRM has explicitly stated that Dany is not immune to fire either, but that the events at the end of Book 1 were more of a one-time deal).  Yes the series has shown her not being burned by the dragon's eggs, which is an extrapolation from the book's statement that she was always a fan of the heat, but extrapolating this to everyone with Targaryen blood being immune to fire (particularly considering what happened to Viserys) is unreasonable.
711	Talleyrand	2011-06-06	One things been nagging me about this episode though, isn't Timmett meant to be a slim young guy?
712	Lies And Perfidy	2011-06-06	He was a scrawny younger man in the books, yeah, but it's a pretty minor change. They probably just figured "This guy does well as a barbarian, let's give him one of the named roles!" Too bad, cause I liked book-Timmett, but eh.
713	Rhodan	2011-06-06	Uhm, this is straight from the books?  Jon's hand is badly burned in exactly the same way and remains scarred throughout the series.  Targaryens are not immune to fire; Daenerys is an exception (and GRRM has explicitly stated that Dany is not immune to fire either, but that the events at the end of Book 1 were more of a one-time deal).  Yes the series has shown her not being burned by the dragon's eggs, which is an extrapolation from the book's statement that she was always a fan of the heat, but extrapolating this to everyone with Targaryen blood being immune to fire (particularly considering what happened to Viserys) is unreasonable.Yeah, I guess Egg wasnÂ´t Targaryan either if are following this logic.
714	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	What do people think of Varys' "Not today" line?I can't keep up with the latest Varys / Syrio / Jaqen / etc theories, so I'll re-open the debate here...I think it means that Varys, having grown up in the free cities, would be subject to the same sort of religious education that Syrio received and would be familiar (and thus more likely to use) many of the same sorts of catchphrases from said religions, which "not today" is clearly being shaped into by the series.I also thought this episode should have put (for most reasonable people) the final nail in the coffin for the Syrio=Jaqen "theories", as postulating how going from that scenario, to Syrio somehow ending up in the Black Cells waiting for release from Yoren, seems to me to require some gold-medal-winning mental gymnastics.Then again I also thought that Syrio's introduction of "Not Today" is evidence against him being a FM as well, as saying "Not Today" to Death runs completely afoul of everything we know about Faceless Man philosophy.  They embrace death rather than seek to avoid it.  Many seemed to go the opposite direction, though, so what do I know.
715	Talleyrand	2011-06-06	Also, Soldiers in Westeros seem to be rather rude, they just keep on bursting in on their commanders without even knocking or waiting to be let in.
716	The hairy bear	2011-06-06	Syrios last stand is almost a direct translation from the book to the screen, so anybody who is upset with it should probably go re-read the book or just not talk so much.I don't think that anyone who criticizes something that happens as in the books should "not talk so much". But in any case, it's all in the execution. We can read in the books how Syrio beats four men-at-arms, but still imagine it that he has done it with great effort and with a certain dose of luck. You can also imagine that those men were lightly armored, ill-treined, and caught of guard. That was my interpretation, at least. The tv version had Syrio doing it almost effortlessly and without any trace of fear, and I wasn't satisfied with it. In fact, It shouldn't have been much difficult for tv Syrio to pick one of the real swords from the fallen guardsmen to face Trant. Instead, he decided to be cool, throw the bad-ass line of not running away, and face death as if he wasn't worried at all.
717	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	I will agree with those that were disappointed by the scene between Arya and the stableboy.  Nothing to do with either of the actors, but rather with the showrunners and director, who seem to have willfully changed it from a deliberate and purposeful (albeit justified) killing to more of an accident.  The scene is such an important moment in the development of Arya's character, and the fact that Arya willingly and without reservation chooses to kill the stableboy so that she might escape is a powerful source of much of that importance.  They also should have given Maisie more of a moment to reflect on it, the "What have I done?" moment that transitions into the decision that she's okay with doing what needs to be done.
It's possible that the changes to this scene were the result of limited time availability with the child actors (who were really at the heart of this episode), which is understandable, but it's a shame that one of the most powerful scenes in the first book seems to have been muted as a result.  At least I hope that scene wasn't representative of the full creative vision of the filmmakers, as I can more easily forgive logistical setbacks than I can creative misfires.
I'm pretty sure that's the only complaint I have about the episode, though, which is saying something.
718	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	I don't think that anyone who criticizes something that happens as in the books should "not talk so much". But in any case, it's all in the execution. We can read in the books how Syrio beats four men-at-arms, but still imagine it that he has done it with great effort and with a certain dose of luck. You can also imagine that those men were lightly armored, ill-treined, and caught of guard. That was my interpretation, at least. The tv version had Syrio doing it almost effortlessly and without any trace of fear, and I wasn't satisfied with it. In fact, It shouldn't have been much difficult for tv Syrio to pick one of the real swords from the fallen guardsmen to face Trant. Instead, he decided to be cool, throw the bad-ass line of not running away, and face death as if he wasn't worried at all.Syrio likely isn't trained in the use of a longsword; he's a master, but an extreme specialist, and perhaps felt that he had a better chance with the wooden training sword.
719	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	The Syrio fighting scene was a bit weird, mostly because I don't think it looked believable at all that he knocked out all those armored men with a wooden sword.That is how it happens in the book.
720	Panjer	2011-06-06	Amazing episode, loved all the introductions, hurray for the Greatjon!
The Jon/Othor fight was a bit weird, I loved how Jon casually threw the lantern at him. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
721	Lany Cassandra	2011-06-06	Osha seems to know a bit too much about the wind. Perhaps she can control it, with only her mind. I think she has some "Old Gods" powers, she is a priestess of some sort.Is this a joke or serious comment? [Hodor was not needed]I think it was supposed to be a funny moment, so I wouldn't say it was completely needless. I think it was funny in the book and they managed to make it funny onscreen as well. Whether you think it was funny or not is another matter, though.It is taken directly from the books, but I always thought the reason for it was to show Bran that there are others than humans beyond the wall.  Sure Osha can "say" it, but when she points out that Hodor is part giant, it makes them more real and helps a young and sheltered boy invision them.I always thought this was a very important part of Bran's education.  it is his first lesson about the things he will need to know when he goes beyond the wall.
722	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-06	Ha ha, I wonder if George changed Syrio's deception from left to right to see if that would be a nitpick. I just read that Arya chapter today before the episode aired so I distinctly remember Syrio saying left but attacking right. Tee hee funny little changes. Great final scene with Syrio. 
Disappointed not to get the Tysha story...yet?
One thing I'm glad George cleaned up was the burning of the wight. Seemed dumb in the book that Jon had to toss the lamp on a curtain then throw that on the wight. Just tossing the lamp onto the wight directly as in the TV show is how it always should have been.
I'm disappointed George didn't leave in Sansa's first betrayal, and also disappointed he didn't have Cersei show Sansa the letter that was meant to be delivered to Stannis. I wonder if in this version the letter will get to Stannis and we'll see a 10 second scene with Stannis and Mel reading the letter, after the closing credits of Ep 10. Or something like that.
I think Drogo's wound should have been a little larger, it really did seem like just a wee scratch. And seems very odd that there are no healers among the Dothraki. Great fight, beating him bare handed awesomeness, and a fatality worthy of Mortal Kombat.
A bit of a bugger Barristan doesn't deliver his final words about going to serve the true king.
Great intro to the Greatjon, hard to see it done better given the time constraints.
A good episode by George over all.
723	Ramsay Bolton	2011-06-06	I really liked the Rickon scene, it really hit home with how sad and alone they are now. Not sure why they didn't include him more earlier, but I'm looking forward to more scenes now that only him and Bran remain at Winterfell.
Other awesomeness: Drogo, Robb, Bronn and the joke about his father. Tyrion scenes were great as always.
Didn't really like Arya with the stableboy, seemed it was over so quickly. Its a huge moment in her personal story arc. The wall scenes were also a little "meh" this time around.
724	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-06	I will agree with those that were disappointed by the scene between Arya and the stableboy.  Nothing to do with either of the actors, but rather with the showrunners and director, who seem to have willfully changed it from a deliberate and purposeful (albeit justified) killing to more of an accident.  The scene is such an important moment in the development of Arya's character, and the fact that Arya willingly and without reservation chooses to kill the stableboy so that she might escape is a powerful source of much of that importance.  I'll certainly second this critique of Arya's critical scene.  Overall it does strike me as way too rushed, especially for anyone who hasn't read the books.  This moment is crucial in Arya's development within the overall arc of the series, and to make it seem so happenstance doesn't seem right.  Its her crucial step from green to mean, and she certainly does get quite mean as her development progresses.  Although this episode was excellent and extremely packed with crucial scenes and occurrences, I would have gladly seen a sacrifice of time spent on other scenes (i.e. Joffrey holding court or Dothraki Pillaging).  Another oddity that struck me in this scene was that Arya did not take the wooden practice sword along with her as well.  In the books she keeps needle hidden while in King's landing and initially on the way north, and uses the wooden sword to primarily defend herself.  A minor detail but still something I could not help but notice.  With regards to details, I'm very glad that Syrio's fate was left open ended.  Partly to keep all those speculating about his true identity continually unsure, and also because it was a badass way to give the character his screen exit.
725	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Some good shit. This episode definitely seemed more "nerdy" to me in terms of the little details, which of course makes sense. I think non-readers may be reeling a bit.So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?He sends his foot to deal with Tywin while taking his cavalry to deal with Jaime. Then he gets 1.000 horse and 3.000 foot in the Twins from Lord Frey. Sets an ambush at the Whispering Woods where he captures Jaime and kills some of his men. Then he goes to Riverun where JaimeÂ´s army is in three diferent camps. They manage to almost destroy two of these camps and the people on the third run away. They dont offer numbers but they say that JaimeÂ´s host was almost completely destroyed, while BoltonÂ´s, even after fighting with Tywin, remains operational.
726	em388480	2011-06-06	I don't think that anyone who criticizes something that happens as in the books should "not talk so much". But in any case, it's all in the execution. We can read in the books how Syrio beats four men-at-arms, but still imagine it that he has done it with great effort and with a certain dose of luck. You can also imagine that those men were lightly armored, ill-treined, and caught of guard. That was my interpretation, at least. The tv version had Syrio doing it almost effortlessly and without any trace of fear, and I wasn't satisfied with it. In fact, It shouldn't have been much difficult for tv Syrio to pick one of the real swords from the fallen guardsmen to face Trant. Instead, he decided to be cool, throw the bad-ass line of not running away, and face death as if he wasn't worried at all.This was also the low-point for me as the guards were all in heavy armor - whats the point of your helmet it a wooden swords can send you flying while wearing it?
727	JagfyrBlackfyre	2011-06-06	I think Drogo's wound should have been a little larger, it really did seem like just a wee scratch. And seems very odd that there are no healers among the Dothraki. Great fight, beating him bare handed awesomeness, and a fatality worthy of Mortal Kombat.The wound did not strike me as nearly as bad as in the books.  He basically had his left nipple cut off along with enough of his pec to expose the muscle fiber underneath.  Plus there was the arrow in his arm, but that can slide given the general change in circumstances.  The Dothraki have Eunuch healers as well as women to help out those who are hurt in battle.  In the books Drogo told them off before Dany arrived, but I guess on TV they just weren't convenient.  To lend some credence to the severity of the wound on TV, in an age without antibiotics, a wound like that could become gangrenous/infected to the point of eventually causing full on bacterial sepsis if you didn't sick some leeches on it.  Plus, after pillaging and plundering, who knows where that arakh has been.  Totally agree on the Mortal Kombat-ness of Drogo's kill.  Wasn't it Scorpion who had a fatality like that with the tongue coming out?
728	sadfascist	2011-06-06	has no one mentioned the epic shot of the Wall?
"The White Walkers sleep beneath the ice for thousands of years, and when they wake up... I hope the Wall's high enough."
And everyone looks up and it goes up and up forever into the sky. Chilling!
					
					
							Edited by sadfascist, 06 June 2011 - 07:21 AM.
729	em388480	2011-06-06	Probably my least favorite episode of the season:*No memorable new scenes.*Going all over the place.*Tyrion not mentioning Tysha.*Shagga not talking about cuting of manhood and feeding it to goats.*Violence against Lharazaan ridicilously toned down.*Jorah not mentioning Rheagar.*Sandor not being named replacement straight away.   I know this is nerd rage but presumbly original author can be the laest creative person when it comes to translating his own work.All of this is nerd rage.Not one of the points you mentioned would have changed anything.
730	GoTreviews	2011-06-06	Let me just ditto The Hairy Bear. George lets readers decide what they want about how they feel regarding characters... but he has very explicitly said he's a bit annoyed by readings of the characters which claim they're whiny or that you're supposed to dislike them. No, you can dislike them if you want, but he never wrote either of them with the intention of driving people into disliking them.Still there are things in the early Sansa's chapters that are bound to make readers dislike her. During the Hand's tournament, she really shows her insensitive side (when seeing her first man die, and then ignoring a wounded one because she just can't stop watchin Loras). I'm not sure that's enough to say she's "meant" to be disliked, but I do believe she's quite the monster, in terms of sensibility.edit:What was that 5 second scene of Ned in the dungeon being kicked by a guard? Is this to let us know that the Lannisters are torturing Ned with sleep deprivation. Seemed like it was left in by accident.AH! thank you! I tried to talk about this with a couple of friends, none of them remembered the scene... thought I hallucinated it /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
					
					
							Edited by GoTreviews, 06 June 2011 - 07:48 AM.
731	Bubba	2011-06-06	Why wasn't Mormont wearing pajamas? In the book he is sleepy and groggy, While last night he just stood there dressed in his normal clothes and did nothing. Great episode though.
732	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-06	Wasn't it Scorpion who had a fatality like that with the tongue coming out?
[/quote]
I'm pretty certain that it was supposed to be the throat/trachea that Drogo removed not a tongue.
Love this episode but agree with earlier posts about many scenes feeling like a soap opera set particularly those in Kings Landing.
The guy playing Shagga was great but man is he tiny compared to Twyin.
What was that 5 second scene of Ned in the dungeon being kicked by a guard?  Is this to let us know that the Lannisters are torturing Ned with sleep deprivation.  Seemed like it was left in by accident.
733	Kaitscralt	2011-06-06	To the people claiming that Syrio defeated the city men too easily, just rewatch the scene. He didn't even knock most of them out, I'd guess. By the time he is facing Trant, it looks the like guards are getting to their feet.
734	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	10 pages and no one mentions how R+L=J has just been disproven by this episode?When Jon throws the fire at the wight, he clearly gasps in pain from the heat. This would be a *very* odd detail to include - by the author himself, no less - if they want to make it canon that Targaryens are down with fire.(Actually, I don't think this means anything, and Viserys was shown to feel heat as well, but 'he was no dragon'. This was just such an odd detail to put in if they want us to believe that Jon is Targaryen and a dragon's head or whatnot.)In the books, unlike the TV series, Dany doesnt seen to be imune to fire. Actually the only scene where she endures fire unharmed is when the dragons are born. THere arent other scenes showing she is imune to fire.Also, in the books Jon gets harmed by the fire, its not something from the TV series.
735	zippypoodle	2011-06-06	I was very annoyed when they retconned Sansa's treachery out  in Episode 7. Most of you said we'll hear about it later, from Cersei. Well... maybe. But the clock is ticking. We'll see.I thought the Sansa "betrayal" was a bit redundant anyway. Ned had already told Cersei he knew--the only thing the extra information did was let her know he was about to make his move, which she had to already know anyway. It wouldn't bother me really if that were changed for the show since the writers seem to be taking a slightly different direction with show Sansa than we see with book Sansa.
736	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	I'll take it a step further and say that the prevalence of hate toward some characters at times makes me absolutely ashamed to be a member of this fanbase, and sometimes makes it difficult to justify from an adult perspective.  It's just such an ugly word, such an ugly concept, such a disheartening thing to know that reason has left the building and that these supposedly sophisticated fans of an intricate series of books are basing their opinions without any neurons firing north of their spinal column.  Granted these are only fictional characters, but I can't help but wonder if these same people use the same stunted thought patterns in their everyday lives.  That the hate seems disproportionately skewed toward female characters raises a whole nother can of ugly conclusions to be drawn.  I guess some people are just wired differently.  It's a depressing thought.Its easy to understand it. We barely have fantasy books with female perspectives. Most of us are used to read books from male perspectives. When you imagine Cat releasing Jaime for the sake of her children its easy to understand if youÂ´re a woman but not if youÂ´re used to the idealistic honor that you usually see in most books.GRRM is so good because it has so many new conflicts and interesting characters that most other books dont have. Its also easy to hate Cersei for using poison and sex apeal when youÂ´ve never been a woman and has never been afraid to walk in the streets at night because any man, no matter how weak he is, is probabily stronger than you. Cersei has to use whatever powers she have, and considering her limited wits and actual political and military power she has I think she does a good job in most of the books. After all she is trying to protect her children, and I think that is a valid reason to do what she does, even if most people dont understand it.
737	kungtotte	2011-06-06	I don't think that anyone who criticizes something that happens as in the books should "not talk so much". But in any case, it's all in the execution. We can read in the books how Syrio beats four men-at-arms, but still imagine it that he has done it with great effort and with a certain dose of luck. You can also imagine that those men were lightly armored, ill-treined, and caught of guard. That was my interpretation, at least. The tv version had Syrio doing it almost effortlessly and without any trace of fear, and I wasn't satisfied with it. In fact, It shouldn't have been much difficult for tv Syrio to pick one of the real swords from the fallen guardsmen to face Trant. Instead, he decided to be cool, throw the bad-ass line of not running away, and face death as if he wasn't worried at all.
	Spoiler Three of them started forward, chainmail clinking softly with each step. Arya was suddenly afraid. Fear cuts deeper than swords, she told herself, to slow the racing of her heart.Syrio Forel stepped between them, tapping his wooden sword lightly against his boot. "You will be stopping there. Are you men or dogs that you would threaten a child?""Out of the way, old man," one of the read cloaks said.Syrio's stick came whistling up and rang against his helm. "I am Syrio Forel, and you will now be speaking to me with more respect.""Bald bastard." The man yanked free his longsword. The stick moved again, blindingly fast. Arya heard a loud crack as the sword went clattering to the stone floor. "My hand," the guardsman yelped, cradling his broken fingers."You are quick, for a dancing master," said Ser Meryn."You are slow, for a knig,t" Syrio replied."Kill the Braavosi and bring me the girl," the knight in the white armor commanded.Four Lannister guardsmen unsheathed their swords. The fifth, with the broken fingers, spat and pulled free a dagger with his left hand.Syrio Forel clicked his teeth together, sliding into his water dancer's stance, presenting only his side to the foe. "Arya child," he called out, never looking, never taking his eyes off the Lannisters, "we are done with dancing for the day. Best you are going now. Run to your father."Arya did not want to leave him, but he had taught her to do as he said. "Swift as a deer," she whispered."Just so," said Syrio Forel as the Lannisters closed.Arya retreated, her own sword stick clutched tightly in her hand. Watching him now, she realized that Syrio had only been toying with her when they duelled. The red cloaks came at him from three sides with steel in their hands. They had chainmail over their chest and arms, and steel codpieces sewn into their pants, but only leather on their legs. Their hands were bare, and the caps they wore had noseguards but, no visor over the eyes.Syrio did not wait for them to reach him, but spun to his left. Arya had never seen a man move as fast. He checked one sword with his stick and whirled away from a second. Off balance, the second man lurched into the first. Syrio put a boot to his back and the red cloaks went down together. The third guard came leaping over them, slashing at the water dancer's head. Syrio ducked under his blade and thrust upward. The guardsman fell screaming as blood welled from the wet red hole where his left eye had been.The fallen men were getting up. Syrio kicked one in the face and snatched the steel cap off the other's head. The dagger man stabbed at him. Syrio caught the thrust in the helmet and shattered the man's kneecap with his stick. The last red cloak shouted a curse and charged, hacking down with both hands on his sword. Syrio rolled right, and the butcher's cut caught the helmetless man between neck and shoulder as he struggled to his knees. The longsword crunched through mail and leather and flesh. The man on his knees shrieked. Before his killer could wrench free his blade, Syrio jabbed him in the apple of his throat. The guardsman gave a choked cry and staggered back, clutching at his neck, his face blackening.Five men were down, dead or dying by the time Arya reached the back door that opened on the kitchen. She heard Ser Meryn Trant curse. "Bloody oafs," he swore, drawing his longsword from its scabbard.Syrio Forel resumed his stance and clicked is teeth together. "Arya child," he called out, never looking at her, "be gone now."Look with your eyes, he had said. She saw: the knight in his pale armor head to foot, legs, throat, and hands sheathed in metal, eyes hidden behind his high white helm, and in his hand cruel steel. Against that: Syrio, in a leather vest, with a wooden sword in his hand. "Syrio, run," she screamed."The first sword of Braavos does not run," he sang as Ser Meryn slashed at him. Syrio danced away from his cut, his stick a blur. In a heartbeat, he had bounced blows off the knight's temple, elbow and throat, the wood ringing against the metal of helm, gauntlet and gorget. Arya stood frozen. Ser Meryn advanced; Syrio backed away. He checked the next blow, spun away from the second, deflected the third.The fourth sliced his stick in two, splintering the wood and shearing through the lead core.Sobbing, Arya spun and ran.
In the TV show he is striking at their unprotected faces, throats and legs, grabbing their cloaks. So I re-iterate my point that maybe people shouldn't complain when things are lifted almost exactly from the book and put on the screen, unless you are also complaining about the way it is depicted in the book in which case it's really a whole separate topic, no?Also, going for one of the guardsmen's swords would mean taking his eyes off of Ser Meryn, a dangerous proposition.
					
					
							Edited by kungtotte, 06 June 2011 - 08:04 AM.
738	Kaitscralt	2011-06-06	Did anyone else expect Septa Mordane to take out a lightsaber when she told Sansa to run and slowly approached the group of foes?
739	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Still there are things in the early Sansa's chapters that are bound to make readers dislike her. During the Hand's tournament, she really shows her insensitive side (when seeing her first man die, and then ignoring a wounded one because she just can't stop watchin Loras). I'm not sure that's enough to say she's "meant" to be disliked, but I do believe she's quite the monster, in terms of sensibility.edit:AH! thank you! I tried to talk about this with a couple of friends, none of them remembered the scene... thought I hallucinated it /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Not to forget Dontos. She keep saying he is her Florian and when she becomes Friends with Margareth and the other Tyrells she just dumps him completely and start ignoring him.Not to forget she forgets Arya for most of the rebelion and doesnt give a damn about Jeyne and actually becomes angry because she cries so much.And not to forget she betrayed her father by giving his plans away.People say she developed a lot through the books but I say she still has a rotten spirit inside her. Her changes are mainly due to survival. Unlike Jaime, who we get to see as a mora sympathetic and human character.
740	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-06	freaking double post, plz delete  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />
					
					
							Edited by Ser Helman Tallhart, 06 June 2011 - 08:28 AM.
741	Bahimiron	2011-06-06	Great episode. I only really found myself missing two parts.The bit between Syrio and Ser Meryn linked above:"You are quick, for a dancing master," said Ser Meryn."You are slow, for a knight," Syrio replied.I also missed a lot of the stuff that was cut from Barristan's leaving. They kept in his boast, but dropped his "Have no fear, sers, your king is safe..." and "Perhaps Lord Stannis will chance to sit on it when he takes your throne." I was hoping they'd turn that line into something more along the lines of "I have served monsters and fools, now perhaps it is time I find a king to guard." hinting at where he ends up. I was really hoping to see Selmy kick some goldcloak ass, even though that all happens 'offscreen' in the books. Also missed getting to see the Hound take the white and say that he'll refuse to say any knightly vows, but oh wells, the Hound is becoming a real third tier character on the show. As long as Davos gets his due next season, I guess I can deal.Did anyone else expect Septa Mordane to take out a lightsaber when she told Sansa to run and slowly approached the group of foes?That's clearly what that scene was missing.
742	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-06	Not much to complain about from this episode, aside from the breakneck passage of time (which couldn't be helped I suppose, as much as they crammed into one hour).  The few nitpicks I'm capable of mustering up are barely worth the effort because the rest of the show was so damned good.  I do wish GRRM had the time to write more episodes himself - the difference last night was noticeable and welcome.  I was grinning through the entire show but Catelyn's "would that I could" admonition to Robb made me smile as much as anything because it's such vintage GRRM.  Anyway..  /fanboy off
- Syrio was magnificent, and it's a shame we won't see him again (or will we?).  The scene where Arya sticks the stableboy with the pointy end was adequate but a bit awkward in execution, which is too bad.  Again, small nitpick.
- Conleth Hill gave his best (and most "Varys-like") performance yet last night.  His conversation with Ned in the dungeon cell was wonderfully played.
- The Young Wolf impressed the hell out of me last night too.  I think all concerns that Richard Madden might not be able to carry the weight of such a role (and expand him beyond what was shown in the books) can be put to rest.  He displayed a thoroughly commanding presence throughout his scenes.
- Tyrion's stuff was fun as always.  Bronn rocks.  I expected the Hill Tribesmen to be a bit more over-the-top, but they'll do.  Was very happy to see that Timett and Chella made it in!  Chella in particular was straight out of my imagination (for better or worse!).
- Drogo - what can I say, other than he's another character I'm going to miss seeing.  Momoa has ramped his game up considerably the past two episodes (which I suppose mirrors Drogo in the book).  Only change I would have made to the Dothraki sequences would be to make his wound more "dire-looking."  It really did just look like a glorified scratch, whjich made Dany's reaction seem a bit silly and melodramatic.  
- The final sequence of events was magnificent all around.  The dismissal of Ser Barristan was a riveting and powerful moment.  I only wish they'd shown him slicing through Gold Cloaks on his way out of the city, and perhaps that will still happen.  Joff/Sansa was great and a nice foreboding way to end the episode.
743	Bahimiron	2011-06-06	Great episode. I only really found myself missing two parts.The bit between Syrio and Ser Meryn linked above:"You are quick, for a dancing master," said Ser Meryn."You are slow, for a knight," Syrio replied.I also missed a lot of the stuff that was cut from Barristan's leaving. They kept in his boast, but dropped his "Have no fear, sers, your king is safe..." and "Perhaps Lord Stannis will chance to sit on it when he takes your throne." I was hoping they'd turn that line into something more along the lines of "I have served monsters and fools, now perhaps it is time I find a king to guard." hinting at where he ends up. I was really hoping to see Selmy kick some goldcloak ass, even though that all happens 'offscreen' in the books. Also missed getting to see the Hound take the white and say that he'll refuse to say any knightly vows, but oh wells, the Hound is becoming a real third tier character on the show. As long as Davos gets his due next season, I guess I can deal.Did anyone else expect Septa Mordane to take out a lightsaber when she told Sansa to run and slowly approached the group of foes?That's clearly what that scene was missing.The scene where Arya sticks the stableboy with the pointy end was adequate but a bit awkward in execution, which is too bad.  Again, small nitpick.It was pretty terribly edited. Can't blame George, Masie or the kid with three lines before he gets gutted. Either the director didn't get the editor enough good footage or the editor just got sloppy.- The Young Wolf impressed the hell out of me last night too.Robb was great, though he looks so damn much like Jon my non-reader wife was confused when we went to him for the first time. 'Why is Jon suddenly with Theon?' They should give Jon a buzzcut and encourage the kid playing Robb to grow his hair long or something. - Drogo - what can I say, other than he's another character I'm going to miss seeing.That scene did a fantastic job of establishing Drogo as a badass in a way even the books never did. Dodging the arakh, whipping out his knives and dropping them, then moving in, ducking, dodging and delivering a throat-tear that would make 1980s Arnold Schwarzenegger proud? So awesome.
					
					
							Edited by Bahimiron, 06 June 2011 - 08:32 AM.
744	Kaitscralt	2011-06-06	- Drogo - what can I say, other than he's another character I'm going to miss seeing.  Momoa has ramped his game up considerably the past two episodes (which I suppose mirrors Drogo in the book).  Only change I would have made to the Dothraki sequences would be to make his wound more "dire-looking."  It really did just look like a glorified scratch, whjich made Dany's reaction seem a bit silly and melodramatic.  I think they are going to make Mirri's "healing" even more diabolic by having her be directly responsible for the wound becoming sickly and festered, despite being just a small gash. So she'll be killing him from the start.
745	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	I know I spend a lot of time arguing with nitpickers, and this isn't a complaint just an observation.
Should it be cold enough in the Riverlands to see your breath?  It's summer.
746	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-06	This was also the low-point for me as the guards were all in heavy armor - whats the point of your helmet it a wooden swords can send you flying while wearing it?The point of a helmet is to keep your skull from shattering, or being slashed open, when you are hit. Armor won't make you able to take the blows without feeling them (especially not the helmets), it's main purpose is to keep you alive. Medieval knights often surrendered when they were beaten because they could be beaten down but it was very hard to kill them until they were already beaten (which means there's time to surrender).
747	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2011-06-06	I too was peeved about leaving out the "Slow for a Knight" exchange.  It's a classic line.  I am watching it with my wife who has never read the books and was looking out of the corner of my eye to see how she would react to those lines.  Suffice it to say, I was really disappointed.
748	Vuron	2011-06-06	Maybe it's just me, but I felt like the scene with the Other just didn't have the impact I thought it would.  The scene felt a bit rushed, but I didn't get the feeling of massive danger from the other.  I would have liked a quick view of the severed hand crawling by itself.  Basically, it was just Jon throwing the lantern and the Other going up in flame like it was covered in gas.
The Arya/Stableboy scene was a letdown.  The stableboy looked and talked like a character straight out of WoW.  It was like watching a cartoon.
I've loved every Drogo scene and this one didn't disappoint.  I noticed during a rewatch that the wound isn't big, but it is very deep.  The cut was layed completely open and looked like it went to the bone.
Robb and Greatjon were great.  Tyrion/Shagga/Bronn were great.  Selmy was great.
Like some of the others, I didn't understand the short clip of the guard waving the torch in front of Ned.
Syrio's wooden sword is not going to knock armored knights out for any length of time, but that is a standard that becomes acceptable on TV and in the movies.  Knocking someone out, as opposed to just stunning them, happens very rarely IRL.
Overall, a pretty good episode and one of my favorites.  The scale felt larger for some reason.
749	Bahimiron	2011-06-06	That wasn't an Other. It was a Wight. 
Also, while talking to a friend who isn't watching the show but loved the books, I only just realized that Tyrion's confession to Bronn about Tysha on the road out of the Mountains of the Moon got cut. ...dang!
750	Ser Piggy Of The Baby Back Rib	2011-06-06	Speaking of the Wight battle.  It happened so fast that I don't remember the blue eyes.  From what I recall in the books they are a vivid blue.
751	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	I know I spend a lot of time arguing with nitpickers, and this isn't a complaint just an observation.Should it be cold enough in the Riverlands to see your breath?  It's summer.Well, it did get specifically mentioned that Catelyn and Rodrik arrived in the midst of a "summer snow" and that Robb "brought the North with him", which I thought was a nice symbolic touch.Speaking of which, two scenes that might easily be lost in the shuffle but that I thought were fantastic.  First, the scene between Robb and Theon where Robb shows Theon his shaking hand.  "That's good."  "How is that good?"  "It means you're not stupid."  Theon is rightfully a difficult character to swallow at times, particularly knowing what's coming, but it's clear that his friendship with Robb brings out the very best in him and Alfie Allen is doing a superb job at depicting the character in all his complexities.  Second, the scene where Robb interacts with the Lannister scout/spy.  Richard Madden truly comes into his own in this scene, and eliminates any misgivings any viewers might have that echo the Greatjon's: why would so many battle-seasoned veterans follow this green boy?  Because he's a fucking badass.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Greguh, 06 June 2011 - 09:06 AM.
752	Queen Dorothea	2011-06-06	I liked Barristan dismissal a lot and i think Cersei is just so perfectly done by Lena it is scary.
Hound - he'll be bigger in Season 2 I am sure.
The SanSan scene was really good I thought and I am what one might call an "educated shipper" in that department.
There is one thing bothering me and that is how small the make Westeros look.
They are hiking from, say
753	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-06	In light of the complaints about sexual exposition I can't help to be amused at the lack of complaints about violent exposition, like Drogo literally ripping someone's throat out.One things been nagging me about this episode though, isn't Timmett meant to be a slim young guy?Timmett clearly intercepted a food transport meant for Lysa. Problem solved.Speaking of the Wight battle.  It happened so fast that I don't remember the blue eyes.  From what I recall in the books they are a vivid blue.The eyes were blue but pretty subtle, even more so than in the prologue.
754	Abaddon	2011-06-06	After sleeping on it, I think my main complaint with the episode is like my complaints from Eps 2-4; too much, too quickly.  I feel like the show had really settled into a good groove with Episodes 5-7 where the focus narrowed down and more time was spent with each location.
Which, to me at least, is just an indication that these are the places where the adaptation suffers most from being 10 episodes instead of 12.  I don't think there's anything to be done about it, unless they decided to start cutting whole key plot points, and I am glad they didn't do that.  There's just too much story to cram into a single hour, and it's required to set up Episodes 9 and 10.  I just hope that those two episodes don't feel quite as rushed because that would be an unfortunate way to end a very good first season.
Also, the ending was terribly anticlimactic for me, the worst ending yet.  (Not the worst scene, I actually quite liked it; just the worst last scene in an episode).  That left me on a more sour note than I otherwise would have had, I think.
Waiting this week is going to be TOUGH.
755	Queen Dorothea	2011-06-06	I liked Barristan dismissal a lot and i think Cersei is just so perfectly done by Lena it is scary.
Hound - he'll be bigger in Season 2 I am sure.
The SanSan scene was really good I thought and I am what one might call an "educated shipper" in that department.
There is one thing bothering me and that is how small the make Westeros look.
They are hiking from, say Berlin to Paris, and it seems so easily done.
756	Popgun	2011-06-06	10 pages and no one mentions how R+L=J has just been disproven by this episode?When Jon throws the fire at the wight, he clearly gasps in pain from the heat. This would be a *very* odd detail to include - by the author himself, no less - if they want to make it canon that Targaryens are down with fire.Well we've seen Dany go into a bath that was too hot for anyone else. Holding dragon eggs totally oblivious to the heat and being unharmed by it. Viserys wasn't a true dragon so he died. When Jon grabbed the lantern he was in pain from the flames instantly. So anyone trying to say he's Rhaegars son and one of the heads of the dragon is interpretting it wrong. The series has done a good job of disproving R+L=J. I don't think GRRM ever intended for that theory to take off. Which is why the TOJ scene has never been in the tv series. GRRM and HBO obviously realize that a lot of readers got confused by TOJ and don't want the viewers coming up with the same far fetched theory. As for the rest of the show I loved it. I thought Syrio most likely died when I read the books. I've changed my mind now though and think he did escape. My one little nitpick was Arya's first kill. In the book she did it deliberately which I liked better than her accidently stabbing the boy.
757	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-06	I think they are going to make Mirri's "healing" even more diabolic by having her be directly responsible for the wound becoming sickly and festered, despite being just a small gash. So she'll be killing him from the start.I think you're right.
758	Greywolf2375	2011-06-06	having a bad time with the SQL error
Loved the episode, opening scene with Syrio & Arya was great.  Ironically, in the show it looks like Trant is more to Syrio's equal than the book gave.  Trant catching the blade and having time to crush it...well...
was hoping for a ToJ scene, might have one more shot but looks like no joy.  
why is it when Varys is on screen with a hat I see Stego?
Sam's cowardice around...anything...seems to have corrected itself in some ways.  Similar to Jon's hand, not every detail has to be word for word and I like how they have been able to crop out pieces that are really just color rather than content.
Hodor's coloring made him look like one of the black brothers they had just dragged back, little too light.
Going to be nice when Pycelle's beard gets snicked, man is he a snake.
Minor, but I liked all of the ravens leaving Winterfell.
Lysa is played crazy quite well.
Been said before....Tyrion & Bronn are a perfect match.
Shagga I pictured as darker, but loved how they looked.  Missed having Chella's comment in Tywins tent   /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
He doesn't have a whole lot to do, but the actor playing Grenn I really like.
would prefer Ghost being silent, but meh...
gotta think that Snow is the biggest wuss around based on his grabbing the lantern.  Changes like that I like - don't have to have the whole tower burning or Jons hand get mangled.  Can easily have Mormont be thankful and still give the sword without the backstory of it having the pommel melted.
the changes in how Drogo get his wound seem odd - Drogo fighting his own to back his khaleesi is powerful in showing how much their relationship has changed.  and yeah...Drogo is a bad ass. bad. ass.   Nice seeing the differences in the arahks just like with the knights broadswords.    
Umber v. Greywind.   Win.  Actor playing Robb did that scene and his stare down very well.  Not sure why later on they had Umber challenge him again after losing the fingers.
Rickon, the Chuck Cunningham of Westeros.
I think, if in the end, Hodor gets killed that will be the saddest death.
"Bronn..son of...."  "You wouldn't know him..."  classic.
thought the "some men take their oaths.." comment and cut to Theon was nice.
Barristan rocks.  Can't wait to see how they handle the change to Arstan - seeing his face this much in order to have it be a surprise will mean a pretty impressive beard.
759	Greywolf2375	2011-06-06	once wasn't good enough....
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 06 June 2011 - 09:16 AM.
760	Greywolf2375	2011-06-06	3rd times the charm
					
					
							Edited by Greywolf2375, 06 June 2011 - 09:16 AM.
761	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	The point of a helmet is to keep your skull from shattering, or being slashed open, when you are hit. Armor won't make you able to take the blows without feeling them (especially not the helmets), it's main purpose is to keep you alive. Medieval knights often surrendered when they were beaten because they could be beaten down but it was very hard to kill them until they were already beaten (which means there's time to surrender).The medieval helmet wasnt just metal, there was a padded cloth inside to reduce damage by blunt trauma. Not only this reduces pain sensation but also the damage and possible concussions.Nonetheless, blund weapons like maces and warhammer did a lot of damage to heavy armor like helmets and plate, while swords barely did any damage. Spears are awesome weapons and very good against chainmail, but you hardly see spear wielders in fantasy anywhere, even spear being an awesome weapon. Everyone just cares about swords  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
762	Greywolf2375	2011-06-06	In light of the complaints about sexual exposition I can't help to be amused at the lack of complaints about violent exposition, like Drogo literally ripping someone's throat out.For me the difference is that they then didn't have Drogo tear open Mago's chest and rip out his spleen and heart after the tongue.  Showing a scene of sex is fine, showing a scene of violence is fine - it is when they extend a scene like that without reason.
763	Mad Queen	2011-06-06	After sleeping on it, I think my main complaint with the episode is like my complaints from Eps 2-4; too much, too quickly.I agree. I was expecting more from the fight between Jon and the wight. It was so much more exciting in the book. On the other hand, I don't have any major issues with this episode and I think GRRM did an overall good job of adapting his story to the screen. No Roz at all and no "sexposition", as people have been saying. I wish GRRM had written episode 7 instead of this one, because the last one had more important stuff going on.
764	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	Well we've seen Dany go into a bath that was too hot for anyone else. Holding dragon eggs totally oblivious to the heat and being unharmed by it. Viserys wasn't a true dragon so he died. When Jon grabbed the lantern he was in pain from the flames instantly. So anyone trying to say he's Rhaegars son and one of the heads of the dragon is interpretting it wrong. The series has done a good job of disproving R+L=J. I don't think GRRM ever intended for that theory to take off. Which is why the TOJ scene has never been in the tv series. GRRM and HBO obviously realize that a lot of readers got confused by TOJ and don't want the viewers coming up with the same far fetched theory. Lol, R+L=J is disproven just because the fire hurt Jon?  Fire hurts Viserys too--does that mean he's not of Targaryen blood?
765	Fiddler's Green	2011-06-06	Lol, R+L=J is disproven just because the fire hurt Jon?  Fire hurts Viserys too--does that mean he's not of Targaryen blood?Yeah, people are reading way too much into this.  If Targ blood equaled fire immunity, Aerion, Aegon V, the Queen who died in the Dance of the Dragons would never had died.  Nothing in this show has disproved R+L=J, if anything, some of the extra Ned+Jon scenes in the beginning of the season along with his speaking with Robert along the Trident give the viewers some clear information that something is up with Jon's parentage.Let me ask this, if Martin didn't intend that combination, what was the point of the TOJ in the books in the first place?
766	Regina	2011-06-06	Still the fastest hour on TV!  I really hope they go to 12 eps for future seasons, so the writers have more room to breathe.
My only quibbles were 
1) Arya/stableboy scene (as mentioned several times) was too quick 
2) I couldn't help but wonder why Uncle Kevin looked much older than Tywin
3) Hodor's nakedness seemed random.  Don't mind my giant, naked servant wandering the Godswood, lol.  If they had showed him getting out of the pools or something, it wouldn't have felt so out of place, imo.
But I loved everything else.  More wolves, more Northmen, even little Rickon!  And they didn't break my heart by showing Syrio die on screen.   /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />   Not today!
767	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-06	The medieval helmet wasnt just metal, there was a padded cloth inside to reduce damage by blunt trauma. Not only this reduces pain sensation but also the damage and possible concussions.Nonetheless, blund weapons like maces and warhammer did a lot of damage to heavy armor like helmets and plate, while swords barely did any damage. Spears are awesome weapons and very good against chainmail, but you hardly see spear wielders in fantasy anywhere, even spear being an awesome weapon. Everyone just cares about swords  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />Yes, but it still only goes so far. Add the normal amount of exaggeration of on-screen fighting and you'll end up somewhere in the ballpark of this scene. I wouldn't have minded a bit more attacks towards the unprotected parts of the face but I wasn't too bothered with what they did as I found it entertaining.As for swords it was a very versatile weapon though. All from slashing and stabbing to grabbing the blade and using it as a "pick axe" or hook to trip up weapons or foes. I think all the advanced medieval combat manuals focused on swords (although it's in part of course due to the symbolism of that weapon). I agree that it's best to put a spear into a normal soldier's hands though as it's a great weapon. Luckily they are using it a bit in this show.For me the difference is that they then didn't have Drogo tear open Mago's chest and rip out his spleen and heart after the tongue.  Showing a scene of sex is fine, showing a scene of violence is fine - it is when they extend a scene like that without reason.Although scenes like this Drogo one is pure exposition of violence, while all the sex ones have been including others.
768	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	And here you see, I think the show has all but confirmed R+L=J, and that the primary reason for no TOJ flashback is that it would make it too obvious.  This comes mostly with the scene between Jon and Ned where they say goodbye.  Jon asks Ned about his mother and in Ned's reply he is on the verge of tears, by far and away the most emotion that Bean has been allowed to show.  Contrast this with when Robert asks him about the "common girl he bedded" and his reaction is just cold annoyance.In the books Catelyn supposes that whoever Jon's mother was, Ned must have loved her very much; R+L=J detractors usually need to dismiss that as incorrect, or explain away how this girl that Ned was so passionately in love with that he forsook his sacred marriage vow doesn't get a single mention in fifteen Ned POV chapters (contrasted with Lyanna, whom Ned thinks of all the time).  The scene between Jon and Ned all but screams from the rooftops that Ned indeed loved Jon's mother very much, which aligns very much with R+L=J and makes the arguments against it all the much more tortured and difficult.Nobody that I am aware of has ever reasonably supposed that being a Targaryen automatically makes you immune to fire; if this were the case R+L=J would have been dead in the first book as Jon burns his hand almost exactly as it is depicted in the show.  This is such a ridiculous strawman that I almost have to think the people making it are consciously trolling.
769	Unsullier	2011-06-06	I concur, the rapport between Tyrion and Bronn is coming together perfectly.  I always got that feel from the books; they are best friends but cannot admit it to one another.  If it was a given that Peter Dinklage was to play Tyrion (perfect call by the way), then the casting of Bronn needed to be very thorough.  So far, a success!
My wife said "We've seen Theon and Hodor.  When do we get all of Jon Snow?"  
My response: "Its too cold up there."
770	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	For me the difference is that they then didn't have Drogo tear open Mago's chest and rip out his spleen and heart after the tongue.  Showing a scene of sex is fine, showing a scene of violence is fine - it is when they extend a scene like that without reason.It seems to me that people are much quicker to assume that a sex scene is without reason than they are to assume the same about a violent scene.
771	Greywolf2375	2011-06-06	Nobody that I am aware of has ever reasonably supposed that being a Targaryen automatically makes you immune to fire; if this were the case R+L=J would have been dead in the first book as Jon burns his hand almost exactly as it is depicted in the show.  This is such a ridiculous strawman that I almost have to think the people making it are consciously trolling.That has been brought up numerous times - being a Targ = immune to fire, usually directly from discussions around Dany's egg scene.  Might be you've just been lucky enough to miss them.
772	Ser Greguh	2011-06-06	That has been brought up numerous times - being a Targ = immune to fire, usually directly from discussions around Dany's egg scene.  Might be you've just been lucky enough to miss them.Key word: reasonably.
773	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	Is it true that girls think Jon is better looking than Robb?  It seems that way from this board.  I'm a straight male, but I think Robb is much better looking.
774	Lokhtar	2011-06-06	Only complaint was the speed, but that's what you get with only 10 episodes.  The only way around it would have been to cut out a major plotline, which would have resulted in a much bigger shitstorm from these forums...so it's pretty much the best they can do without going to 12 or 13 episodes (which is HBO's decision based on the budget).
775	legba11	2011-06-06	On Syrio being able to dispatch the guards quickly:
He is a super-hero and they are thugs with guns.  One BIFF!  WHAM!  POW! is all they need.  Then he squares off with the super-villain (for that scene), the kingsguard member.
776	ExLibris	2011-06-06	Is it true that girls think Jon is better looking than Robb?  It seems that way from this board.  I'm a straight male, but I think Robb is much better looking.My girlfriend is obsessed with Jon Snow...she's asked on multiple occasions if you ever see him naked (would make up for all the naked woman on the show she claims). I told her obviously not since he took his vows to the Night's Watch. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by ExLibris, 06 June 2011 - 10:14 AM.
777	Valkyrja	2011-06-06	My girlfriend is obsessed with Jon Snow...she's asked on multiple occasions if you ever see him naked ( would make up for all the naked woman on the show). I told her obviously not since he took his vows to the Night's Watch. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />Haha! I can sort of see his appeal, although I imagine Jon to be much better-looking when reading the books. (And, honestly, these days I got for the older, 'grizzled warrior' types.) But the ladies who like the pretty lads might get a naked Jon in Season 3 (should the show  make it that long). Though....on second thought, I suppose he doesn't have be naked in order to give the "lord's kiss".  /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />Edited to add something on-topic: So far, this is definitely my favourite episode. I, too, wish GRRM could clone himself -- one to pen the tv series and the other to finish the gorram books. /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> Seriously, though, my biggest problem with the show so far (other than the poor handling of the direwolves), has been the sense that many of the characters have been getting a bit 'lost' in the mix of the events going on around them. We've not really gotten to know them as well as we should (especially the Stark children other than Arya). I really like the guy playing Robb, but until this episode his screen time has been way too short (and overshadowed by the annoying Theon). Also, Sansa has been completely short-changed by this series so far. GRRM's episode is the first time she is remotely sympathetic, and I thought her scenes were handled very well, at least in light of all the times she's appeared previously. I could go on a long rant about Sana's poor portrayal so far, but I'll save that for another thread. I hope that the show continues in the more sympathetic view of her that has been introduced in "The Pointy End." Unlike many, I do not hate her character, and find her story so far to be quite compelling (from guillible, oblivious, fairytale-believing, innocent, to someone who has born her fair share of brutality and mistreatment. She's lost so much, even her identity at this point (which is not unlike Arya's journey in some ways)....
					
					
							Edited by Valkyrja, 06 June 2011 - 10:29 AM.
778	Knight Of The North	2011-06-06	I don't see how anything the show has done proves R+L=J. Ned could've been emotional for any number of reasons; he's not going to see his bastard son for years, he's finely seeing Jon grow into a man, he felt very strongly towards Ashara/Willa, he thinks he won't actually see Jon again, he's losing another relative to the Night's Watch, he's already sensitive about leaving his home and Jon is the last straw. It could easily shout that Ned feels very strongly towards Jon. For my part, I thought it the same intensity of emotion that Robb and Jon shared. I admit R+L=J is a possibility, but just because Ned got abit emotional in one scene doesn't prove anything. Proof is him outright saying that Lyanna or Rhaegar are his parents. That scene is much too ambiguous.
779	RDKfromwesteros	2011-06-06	"Tell lord Tywin that winter is coming for him. tell him that 20.000 nothmen are going south to found out if he really shit gold"
How badass was that?! Awesome!
This episode was one of the best so far, losing only for the number seven, The scene with the crows flying was epic! Greatjon looks awesome, far better than i imagine XD 
Varys and ned in the Dugeons was really cool, "Why nobody trusts the eunuch?" 
Just for complete my  coment
Khal Drogo  Win!!    Fatality!!!
780	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	"Tell lord Tywin that winter is coming for him. tell him that 20.000 nothmen are going south to found out if he really shit gold"How badass was that?! Awesome!Samuel L. Jackson level badass.I'm so thrilled that Madden is tearing his role up since Robb is one of my favorite characters.
781	Brewmaster	2011-06-06	Basically, it was just Jon throwing the lantern and the Other going up in flame like it was covered in gas.Oil. The other was covered in oil when the lantern broke on him.
782	modehead	2011-06-06	I think R+L=J and the Hound can easily come up later in the series and the characters can still be weighted and vital to the plot of the series.
I really wish Arya's kill was more drawn out. That's my only complaint worth talking about.
Drogo's fight was the definition of badass.
783	damian	2011-06-06	Maybe it wasn't overlooked? Maybe I'm not picturing it right but when I try to imagine her khaleesi speeches with a big belly, they just don't seem as "queenly."also, how far along is she supposed to be?  plenty of petite women barely show at 5-6 months.
784	valacirca	2011-06-06	The written-for-TV scenes, were fantastic, really:- Ned + Varys in the dungeon- Drogo going all Mortal Kombat- Lysa + CatBut then, there were a lot of letdowns as well:- Syrio pwning guards was too easy and implausible.- Arya pwns stableboy scene was too quick and featured the single most terrible editing job on the series to date.- Rickon? That was Rickon?? Too old for Rickon and too randomly inserted into the episode. I bet a lot of the non-reader viewers would have went "Who the F!@# is that?" when he came into the room.- Jon throwing the lamp at the undead dude was 'meh'- Disappointed that they left out the real reason the Hilltribe warriors agreed to join Tywin in battle. That would have been a great way to show the cunning of Tywin.IDK I just don't feel that this episode was nearly as great as most people believe it is. Most of the dramatic moments that should have helped a lot in setting the tone of the episode were bothced and as a result, the episode left me underwhelmed.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 06 June 2011 - 10:36 AM.
785	Trebond	2011-06-06	Is it true that girls think Jon is better looking than Robb?  It seems that way from this board.  I'm a straight male, but I think Robb is much better looking.I'm on Team Robb.
786	Mad Queen	2011-06-06	Jon is MUCH hotter than Robb. It is known.
787	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-06	After sleeping on it, I think my main complaint with the episode is like my complaints from Eps 2-4; too much, too quickly.  I feel like the show had really settled into a good groove with Episodes 5-7 where the focus narrowed down and more time was spent with each location.Which, to me at least, is just an indication that these are the places where the adaptation suffers most from being 10 episodes instead of 12.  I don't think there's anything to be done about it, unless they decided to start cutting whole key plot points, and I am glad they didn't do that.  There's just too much story to cram into a single hour, and it's required to set up Episodes 9 and 10.  I just hope that those two episodes don't feel quite as rushed because that would be an unfortunate way to end a very good first season.Also, the ending was terribly anticlimactic for me, the worst ending yet.  (Not the worst scene, I actually quite liked it; just the worst last scene in an episode).  That left me on a more sour note than I otherwise would have had, I think.Waiting this week is going to be TOUGH.I liked GRRM's subtlety of showing the "pointy end" of the throne at the end and its lead to Sansa's demise.  She does appear to lose her whole family while at court in KL.  And Joff sitting amongst the swords on the throne.  It was a more subtle ending but shows cool foreshadowing for non-readers and a nod to us book lovers.
					
					
							Edited by Aeron Greyjoy, 06 June 2011 - 10:47 AM.
788	Kaitscralt	2011-06-06	As a straight male with a girlfriend and sister watching the show, I've heard that Jon is definitely the "hottest" on the show. Girls like those dark and dreary types these days. Robb is obviously a handsome fellow, but he has a prominent brow.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
789	LadyMary	2011-06-06	Is it true that girls think Jon is better looking than Robb?  It seems that way from this board.  I'm a straight male, but I think Robb is much better looking.I think it depends on the "girl". Looks-wise, my daughter squeals over Robb (and Theon) and doesn't care for Jon (because the actor doesn't look much like she pictured Jon in the books). Personally, I think Jon is the best looking of all the young men in the show, but I then like men with dark hair and eyes. I think Ned (Sean Bean) is the hottest man on the TV screen.
790	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	I concur, the rapport between Tyrion and Bronn is coming together perfectly.  I always got that feel from the books; they are best friends but cannot admit it to one another.  If it was a given that Peter Dinklage was to play Tyrion (perfect call by the way), then the casting of Bronn needed to be very thorough.  So far, a success!My wife said "We've seen Theon and Hodor.  When do we get all of Jon Snow?"  My response: "Its too cold up there."They are saving Jon for the third season and his romance with Ygrite.Add women dont like red heads, unlike us guys who love them.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 06 June 2011 - 11:01 AM.
791	LadyMary	2011-06-06	Yeah, people are reading way too much into this.  If Targ blood equaled fire immunity, Aerion, Aegon V, the Queen who died in the Dance of the Dragons would never had died.  Nothing in this show has disproved R+L=J, if anything, some of the extra Ned+Jon scenes in the beginning of the season along with his speaking with Robert along the Trident give the viewers some clear information that something is up with Jon's parentage.Let me ask this, if Martin didn't intend that combination, what was the point of the TOJ in the books in the first place?Well, it may give the anti-R+L=Jers some hope, but I think the scene of Dany and her hot dragon eggs and her conclusion that Viserys was not a true dragon has more to do with fitness to master dragons than who does or does not have Targaryen blood. It's a little early to make such conclusions. The fact that Jon's hand got burned means nothing. As you said, Viserys did burn and he's a full-blooded Targaryen. I think Dany assumes all true "dragons" are immune to heat and fire, but maybe she's the only one because she has a special relationship to those dragon eggs (and is the Princess That Was Promised). In a 10 episode season with a lot of ground to cover (and budget limitations) the only dream scenes we've seen are Bran's and those have been brief and not terribly revelatory, so far. There have been no flashbacks or fever-dreams and we don't have the benefit of Ned's many, many memories of Lyanna and the promise he made her...yet. That doesn't mean we won't get hints in later episodes.
792	Gnomestress	2011-06-06	Server ate my first post.
Shorter version:
Emelia Clarke ROCKED IT.  Dany had seemed a bit flat for me up until this episode.  No longer.  So well done!  She really captured the mix of ferocity and compassion that is 100% Dany.
I loved the actor they chose for the Greatjon.  I knew exactly who he was the second that scene started.  I find I'm taking more interest in Robb/Cat's story in the TV show.
Shagga Son of Dolf.  <3  I've been waiting for that scene for a long time.
They're starting to show Cercei's true nature.  Happy dance.
Syrio's scene was exactly how I picured it in the books.  Just so.
Off topic but the scene with Ghost drove my dog nuts.  Apperently Shecky supports the night's watch.
I've been lukewarm about the TV series so far but this episode changed my mind.  I rated ep 7 a 6 out of 10.  This one gets a 10.  I couldn't be happier with it.
793	evanesco75	2011-06-06	Absolutely fantastic episode. GRRM has no equal. As you guys have said, there was so much packed in this one, yet it never felt too expository or draggy. Just right. Wanted it to be longer, it just flew by. Maybe it's the book goggles, but it was all meat, every scene. Arya and the stable-lad was too quick, that's my only gripe. And I can live with it. Robb was brilliant! Finally. Madden brought it, and I for one was thrilled to get more of him and less of Theon. FWIW, I find Madden way hotter than Harington. Also, not a Jon fan so that might be part of it. The way Robb handled Greatjon was thrilling. Fucking amazing scene. Loved the Cat Lysa scene. Excellently played. Tyrion and Bronn were just perfect. Every Tyrion scene makes me like him more. PD is making me like the character more than I ever did. Tywin is perfect too. Tyrion was so nervous around him. Well played.Syrio. God. I was on the verge of tears. And Septa Mordane just killed me, the way she walked toward her grisly death with such dignity. WTF do you nitpick when even the most minor characters are perfect? /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />  Last, Joffrey was chilling. Far more disturbing than in the books, even.Oh, Drogo! Now I'm invested in Conan. I will miss him. He's brutal and magnificent. Must be hard pulling off such a role without looking ridiculous, and he does it. Poor Ned. I could hardly bear to watch him, despite Conleth Hill's excellence. He is Varys!
					
					
							Edited by doomsday, 06 June 2011 - 11:28 AM.
794	Kaitscralt	2011-06-06	there was so much packed in this one, yet it never felt too expository or draggy. The only expository part of the episode to me was when Sam was talking about burning the bodies of wights based on a book he read in the library. That dialogue came out a little forced to me. Otherwise it was all good.
795	Legstrong	2011-06-06	Where is the Blackfish?
796	Ellroy	2011-06-06	The episode was simply perfect. Nothing much to add. Best episode of the series by far.
I've also seen some glimpse of the real Cersei!
Well done George!
					
					
							Edited by Ellroy, 06 June 2011 - 03:29 PM.
797	Volderon	2011-06-06	Good episode.
Anyone else notice that the cell Ned is in is basically the set from the crypts in Winterfell? LOL.
Terrible editing of the Arya kill.
Other than that, word for word from the book! Awesome! 
Anyone else can't wait to see Pycelle have his beard shaved? What an old toad.
798	snowzombie	2011-06-06	This is my first post...I had all this ready to go last night but I had to wait to be approved and then also wait for the SQL error to be solved. Sorry if this is echoing much of what has already been said. 
I like how GRRM condensed how the magi ended up helping Drogo. Very economical storytelling there. I donÂ<U+0092>t think it was entirely evident in the show that all these women were about to be, or had been, or were in the process of being raped. I think we needed at least a couple of shots of that. However, this episode was mercifully absent a.) Roz, b.) boobiez, c.) sexposition (exposition paired with gratuitious sex scene) Â<U+0096> so IÂ<U+0092>m not too upset that they skipped the raping part of raping and pillaging. The only nudity was Hodor! Which is hilarious. 
Dany looks slightly pregnant. She needs to look more pregnant for the Â<U+0093>sacrifice a lifeÂ<U+0094> part in the next episode to work. Totally love the way Drogo stood up for her. He loves how fierce she is! And I love that he loves it. I am so going to miss Jason Momoa and his steamy glances at Dany. 
TV Robb reads as almost a decade older than book Robb. It works. In the next couple episodes heÂ<U+0092>s going to have to do something to really humiliate Theon to set us up for next season. Did anyone else notice the expression on BranÂ<U+0092>s face after RobÂ<U+0092>s wolf ate UmberÂ<U+0092>s hand? Everyone was laughing at UmberÂ<U+0092>s Â<U+0093>your meat is tough to cutÂ<U+0094> joke and BranÂ<U+0092>s face is all Â<U+0093>WTF, why is everyone laughing, I almost wet my pantsÂ<U+0094>.  
Note to Osha Â<U+0096> your feet are chained, not your hands. Get your hair out of your f**king face. 
Loved Jon and GhostÂ<U+0092>s Lassie moment. Â<U+0093>Is something wrong Ghost? Tell me, whatÂ<U+0092>s wrong?Â<U+0094> IÂ<U+0092>d expected the snow zombie fight to be more awesome. JonÂ<U+0092>s hand barely got burned and only because he was being an idiot, not grabbing the lantern handle. 
I thought the re-animated corpses were the wight walkers. In the hierarchy of scary there are 1.) wildlings, 2.) wight walkers, 3.) the Others. It seems like theyÂ<U+0092>ve renamed the Others wight walkers as to not sound too much like Lost, so the re-animated corpses are just unnamed snow zombies. And thereÂ<U+0092>s this confusion about wight/white. 
And I really enjoyed our first scene with Tywin and Tyrion. Anyone else notice how Tywin automatically moved the wine out of TyrionÂ<U+0092>s reach?
799	The Human Abstract	2011-06-06	That was my favorite episode.  There will some cheeseball moments, but not a lot.
800	Shepherd6	2011-06-06	Where is the Blackfish?I have *heard* that he doesn't appear until season 2, which is a shame. I hope I am wrong, but I think I read somewhere he hadn't even best cast yet (?)
801	Manderly`s Personal Chef	2011-06-06	Probably the best episode yet, but some scenes were simply stupid. The Arya-stableboy scene was hard to watch, because the camera was shifting angles too fast, and it made it feel rushed. Oh, and what`s with the scene where a guard kicks Ned?
802	Rand	2011-06-06	...So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?Oh good looks like the site is backup.  In regards to this and the previous question asking why Robb let the scout go, seems like a lot of people missed the potential bit of genius behind it.  This is still speculation on my part, but remember we don't actually know how many men Robb is leading.  When told the scout was counting their men, he simply asked "how high did you get?", to which the scout replied "18, 20,000". Considering that the Lannisters were able to muster up 60,000 men, I'd imagine the Northern army should probably number something more like at least 30,000 men, and the scout either didn't get the chance or didn't properly count them all.  But now he's going to run back to Tywin reporting a 20,000 man army. So roughly that amount needs to show up to meet him to deflect suspicion that the rest of the army is sneaking around the back to attack Jamie.
803	StrongBelwas	2011-06-06	By far the best episode of season 1.  You can tell that GRRM was directly involved by the little things you saw.  Such as the fact that Syrio didn't "Die" onscreen.  One of the great things preserved from the 1st book was that we never knew Syrio's fate because as his opponent closed in for the kill Arya ran.  As the scene was playing out, Syrio's lines were cut almost word-for-word from the book and, just like in the text, Arya runs at that last moment.  Bravo.
I have no issues this episode, not even the little small things i usually dislike.  The fact that Drogo took his wound from an insolant follower rather than in the sacking of the village of Lamb men seemed better to me than the same sequence in the book.  
If I had one complaint to vocalize, it would be to say that the opening sequence missed it's chance at a little detail that I previously mentioned.  The Baratheon stag observed on kings landing in the "clockwork opening" should have been changed
to the stag and lion reared on hind legs as is presented in the back of clash of kings.  Joffery's sygil is not Robert's.
I was sorry to see that they missed that.
804	snowzombie	2011-06-06	The only expository part of the episode to me was when Sam was talking about burning the bodies of wights based on a book he read in the library. That dialogue came out a little forced to me. Otherwise it was all good.Yeah, they haven't yet had the chance to establish Sam as the Encyclopedia Brown of the Night's Watch, with his long nights in the library pouring over obscure texts.
805	Shepherd6	2011-06-06	And I really enjoyed our first scene with Tywin and Tyrion. Anyone else notice how Tywin automatically moved the wine out of TyrionÂ<U+0092>s reach?Yes I did, and thought it was perfect!
806	Merentha	2011-06-06	Syrio would have been a lot more plausible with the Lannister guards if they hadn't been armored.  That was what made Trant so imposing in the books:  his plate.  Its something that comes up a lot in fantasy movies:  everyone is too armored.  Make them have mail and a leather cap, then Syrio breaking arms and faces makes a lot more sense.   Ah well.  
Every episode has a great new actor where I just get impressed, again, at how good they are.  This one's was definitely Robb, with a close second to Dany.  They're just doing a stellar job.
807	snowzombie	2011-06-06	Shagga Son of Dolf.  <3  I've been waiting for that scene for a long time.I thought Timmett son of Timmett was even funnier.
808	Bahimiron	2011-06-06	Where is the Blackfish?Not in this season. It is known.
809	Merentha	2011-06-06	So, Robb has 18,000 against Tywin's 60,000? Is that how it was in the books? I didn't realize the odds were quite that bad. So how is it that Robb is able to defeat Jaime's superior force? Is it the fact that Jaime's forces are split, or the element of surprise, or just superior tactics? Anyone with a better memory than me?iirc, the Lannisters had a heavy cavalry core with a mass of peasant levy.  By contrast, the Starks had a smaller core with veteran heavy infantry support.  There is a lot of talk about how the Northmen are worth more, and, while it is coming from Northmen, there is also something to be said for having fought in a battle, which a good chuck of the Northmen have, and being a peasant handed a spear for the first time.  Besides that, Robb outmaneuvers the Lannisters completely, and masses of peasant levy break remarkably quickly.
810	Xenophon	2011-06-06	Hey, the board's working again!Great episode.  Not much to say that hasn't been said before.  GRRM did a fantastic job, especially with the dialogue (which was infinitely better than the past couple weeks).  Also, I thought it was very clever to give the Greatjon a few more lines shooing everyone out when Cat arrives.  If all we had was the scene with him losing his fingers, it might have seemed a bit (dare I say it) cheesy, as if he had a miraculous character change.  Having him still bossing the other lords around made it much more believable.Re. Arya and the stableboy, I agree it was too quick, if you were looking for it to be the same as the scene in the book.  But I felt like this was a substantially different take on scene.  In the book, a key part of the scene is that Arya forgets all her lessons except the first: "stick them with the pointy end".  In the show, I GRRM decided they didn't have time to spell this out, so they just went with Arya stabbing him almost instinctively, which worked well, but didn't give me quite the same sense of how terrified she was.  Personally, I would have showed the stableboy clutching the blade and cutting his hands.  But that might have started an "is Arya a monster" argument in the TWoP unsullied thread, so perhaps it was best as is.In light of the complaints about sexual exposition I can't help to be amused at the lack of complaints about violent exposition, like Drogo literally ripping someone's throat out.For me the difference is that they then didn't have Drogo tear open Mago's chest and rip out his spleen and heart after the tongue.  Showing a scene of sex is fine, showing a scene of violence is fine - it is when they extend a scene like that without reason.Agreed.  Also, the "sexposition" that everyone objects to so much isn't just the showing of sex, it's the technique of putting a sex scene in the background when you want to do some plot exposition.  If they had scenes where characters explained something about the backstory at lenght in the middle of a violent fight, I'm sure people would mock that too.
811	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-06	Based on GoT, I'm on Team Robb /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' /> But from the books I pictured Jon as better-looking; very much like on the 2009 ASoIaF calendar in fact. Hehe.Syrio's exit scene was fantastic. And no-one's mentioned that the guy playing Meryn Trant has an awesome voice! I thought the whole slaughter at the Tower of the Hand was as surreal and horrific as it needed to be, although Arya's stabbing scene was really cheesily edited, and >20 seconds of SanSan would have been nice. But, overall, very well done, especially the addition of Septa Mordane's bravery. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Show-Varys is infinitely more awesome than book-Varys. "When you look at me, do you see a hero?" Loved it! I had difficulty separating him from LF and Pycelle on first read, but on screen he's far more commanding and there's a much better sense of what his actual role is at court. God, and Pycelle's just a complete ass. Bring on the shaving indeed!The scene with Selmy's deposition was incredibly well done: Cersei's smugness, his outrage, LF and Varys' mockery, and even Sansa's sympathy for him. That girl does most of her acting with her eyes... I like her.Loved seeing Rickon at long last. So cute; so angry! I'm really glad the Stark kids have all been aged up, and they've done a great job casting Tully colouring. Robb is fantastic in the show. He seems far more commanding and decisive than I imagined from the books; less like a boy playing at war and more like a young man doing his best. His dynamic with Catelyn was perfect: part wanting his mommy, part annoyed at her for being a challenge to his authority. Some superb Tyrion moments. The way he'd like to die, "...and feed it to the goats, yes," â<U+0080><U+008E>and of course, "Though I would treasure your friendship, I am mainly interested in your facility with murder." /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> His scene with Tywin was excellent. Good to see Kevan too.Really, really good episode. It didn't feel like it had a beginning, middle and end the way a lot of the others did, more a collection of scenes that were chronologically congruent, and it ended more like a chapter. But that's just a comment, not a criticism. GRRM's Blackwater episode is going to be badass.Not to forget Dontos. She keep saying he is her Florian and when she becomes Friends with Margareth and the other Tyrells she just dumps him completely and start ignoring him.Not to forget she forgets Arya for most of the rebelion and doesnt give a damn about Jeyne and actually becomes angry because she cries so much.And not to forget she betrayed her father by giving his plans away.That's unfair. She doesn't dump Dontos because she's found better friends. She quickly realises that he's weak and unreliable: as much as she wants to escape, she doubts that he will be able to help her and knows no-one else who can. We only see her in the company of Tyrells on two occasions, and she has to get her days in somehow when she isn't praying.Jeyne and Arya do show selfishness, but she grimly assumes Arya is dead, and doesn't see Jeyne as her responsibility. She's a 12-year-old girl fearing for her own life and trying to save that of her father and siblings: I don't think it's so unforgivable to be overwhelmed by that.Sansa didn't intend to get her father in trouble. She simply didn't understand the implications of what she told Cersei, and couldn't have predicted the consequences of her actions.
812	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-06	Am I the only one who thought Robb's guard's line was pretty weird?
"He looked to be counting"
How the hell do you look like you're counting?
813	Xenophon	2011-06-06	Oh good looks like the site is backup.  In regards to this and the previous question asking why Robb let the scout go, seems like a lot of people missed the potential bit of genius behind it.  This is still speculation on my part, but remember we don't actually know how many men Robb is leading.  When told the scout was counting their men, he simply asked "how high did you get?", to which the scout replied "18, 20,000". Considering that the Lannisters were able to muster up 60,000 men, I'd imagine the Northern army should probably number something more like at least 30,000 men, and the scout either didn't get the chance or didn't properly count them all.  But now he's going to run back to Tywin reporting a 20,000 man army. So roughly that amount needs to show up to meet him to deflect suspicion that the rest of the army is sneaking around the back to attack Jamie.No, we heard the host was 18,000 before.  The scout actually over-counted.  18,000 is out of the books, BTW:  "Robb took it hard. "Mother, what are we going to do? I brought this whole army together, eighteen thousand men, but I donÂ<U+0092>t..."
814	starki	2011-06-06	Best one yet.
While obviously more packed in action compared to the books, a solid adaptation in this show so far. Cast in some cases great (Tyrion is the man ! Ned, Arya, Tywinn and Littlefinger) in most cases good. 
The only ones I didn't feel quite up to par are Cersei (the monotonous facial expressions don't help) and king Robert. 
Some weak scenes such as opening scene from Tyrion, the friendly chat between Robert and Cersei and LF explaining his plans in a brothel, but mostly well done HBO.
815	The Human Abstract	2011-06-06	Am I the only one who thought Robb's guard's line was pretty weird?"He looked to be counting"How the hell do you look like you're counting?Usually I stare, move my lips, and wiggle my index finger in the air.
816	Rockroi	2011-06-06	It's not "foolishness," it's a legitimate part of the story. She goes to the queen because she's sad about leaving her precious prince and ruins any chance Ned had for getting his household out alive. Ned himself did a lot to put that chance in jeopardy, but all for good reasons. Sansa is just throwing a hissy fit about losing her "valiant" prince.I noted very few facial expressions, a complaint shared by many here.Emo? I see Jon with the corpses, not much there, Jon attacking a man, not "emo," Jon killing a wight, pretty cool, and Jon at the burning of the wights. Please, do tell, what is so "emo"?1. My point stands re: Sansa's abbreviated roll in the series vs. her needlessly complicated role in the books.  In the books, readers have taken one line by Cersei to try to shoe-horn (as you have) this incredible tale that had Sansa not gone to Cersei than Ned, somehow, would not have been captured.  This is preposterous.  Leaving out, for the moment, the idea that Sansa being 12 years is not apt to think about the death and destruction of her house, but in what she wants 9as all women that age are usually want to do), the reason Ned's plan failed was because of one person: Ned.  I enjoyed that this was kept out of the show for the EXACT reason its ballast in the books: all it does is confuse the point. 2. Very few facial expressions?  I just want to say here that this is yet another in a long line of Sansa criticisms that just I am at a loss to explain.  What next?  People are upset that Sansa mnakes too many/too few costume changes?  Because the VAST majority of the characters in the show show just a few carefully underscored facial expressions (Ned: judgmental amusement, disgust, confusion; Robert: sadness, rage, amusement; Jaime: contempt, ambivalence, anger; Tyrion: humor, arrogance, sorrow).  For Sansa hers are usually confusion, timidness and flashes of panic.  I actually think the actress is doing a fine job when you consider how unpopular Sansa has become on these boards (for reasons that range from "misunderstanding" to sheer petulance). 3. Nah, its emo.  His scene with Allistar Thorne is terrible in the books; does not improve in the show.  Nobody's fault: that's how Jon is written.  And this is all culminating in Jon abandoning the Wall LITERALLY after like 6 weeks of service.  I also almost LAUGHED OUT LOUD with the Ghost scene.  With Ghost clawing at the door, I kinda was hoping Jon Snow would be a bit impatient with his animal, but instead he IMMEDIATELY senses Ghost's trepidation.  *sigh*.  Might as well have had Jon have said, "What is it, Girl?  Is Lord Mormont trapped down the abandoned well with Timmy?"  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Okay, and now for "Rockroi's Most Nit-picking Thing That Annoys Only a Mega Nerd Like Myself."  In the scene where Cat returns to see Robb she is greated by the Lords of the North.  In the scene, Greatjon scurries everyone out of the tent and then assures Cat that the army will soon march on KL and "free Ned."  Okay... Who the FUCK is Ned?  Why are you calling him Ned?  Does Eddard Stark strike you as a guy who lets his bannermen call him "Ned?"  Seriously?  Asshole, his name is "Lord Eddard" or "Lord Stark."  You don't call the guy "Ned" to anyone, INCLUDING his Lady wife!!!  Again, sloppy writing, sloppy acting.  But, let me balance this with "Rockroi's Coolest Thing That He Should Have Mentioned Earlier."  I LOVED that we see all the ravens leave Winterfell in a rush of punctuated black.  I liked the symbolism and the weightiness of the scene: we could see just how important this was, how many men it would include, and how ominous this all was.  A great little detail.
					
					
							Edited by Rockroi, 06 June 2011 - 03:56 PM.
817	starki	2011-06-06	Is it true that girls think Jon is better looking than Robb?  It seems that way from this board.  I'm a straight male, but I think Robb is much better looking.This girl does !
818	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	To those who think Sansa doesn't change facial expresions, watch the first episode again.  Her expressions are masterful.
819	starki	2011-06-06	Syrio situation left wide open..........Is it ?  The last of the King's guard sliced his wooden sword in two. And he isn't wearing full body armour.He is dead, just as the book.
					
					
							Edited by starki, 06 June 2011 - 04:00 PM.
820	Alexia	2011-06-06	I really liked this episode.  I teared up when Septa Mordane faced those knights down.  I guess we'll all get to see her hair next episode.   /crying.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':crying:' /> I liked seeing the Hound, and Sansa and the Hound interact, but it was too brief. I really liked Sansa in general this episode - I mused over how I felt about the cut of when she went to Cersei.  At first I didn't care for it too much because I felt like that utter betrayal of her naive trust was an important starting point for the character, but after thinking about it I agree with those who say that she is too old now to make that sort of mistake and that she has already been portrayed too unsympathetically.  I did think it was hilarious when her scene started and she was shrieking at Septa Mordane about how clumsy Arya is, coming back from her dancing lessons covered in bruises."I'll be a good queen like you, I won't hatch anything!"   /lmao.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lmao:' />  My favorite part of this episode was the first part, with the destruction of the Stark household.  Despite a few minor quibbles, it was wonderful.I also liked the scene when Tyrion and his pack of savages go meet up with Lord Tywin, and Robb's storyline marching south (BTW: Team Robb here).  Ned staring down his nose at Varys about how Varys watched his men die and did nothing, "and I would again my lord."Jeyne and Arya do show selfishness, but she grimly assumes Arya is dead, and doesn't see Jeyne as her responsibility. She's a 12-year-old girl fearing for her own life and trying to save that of her father and siblings: I don't think it's so unforgivable to be overwhelmed by that.Quick correction: in her first chapter of ACOK, we learn that she believes that Arya escaped and is back in Winterfell, and she desperately misses Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole, trying not to think of them because she cries when she does.Her irritation with Jeyne in that final interaction during AGOT is selfishness to a certain extent, but primarily stems from her lack of understanding of what is going on.  I won't address the utter ridiculousness of blasting her for deciding to change escape routes, especially given that Dontos sold her out!
821	The King's Foot	2011-06-06	Fantastic episode, loved it.  Best part: no Roz!!  Since it was written by GRRM, this makes sense.  I can almost picture the scene after George turned in the script to the producers:
D&D: Thanks for getting that script done!
GRRM: Your welcome! Hope you liked it.
D&D: LOVED it.  Only quibble is we need you to use Roz more in the KL scenes.
GRRM: Who?  Wait - the whore from Winterfell?  What the eff is she doing in KL?
D&D: OH!  Funny thing happened.  See...
GRRM: /facepalm
822	aimlessgun	2011-06-06	Who the FUCK is Ned?  Why are you calling him Ned?  Does Eddard Stark strike you as a guy who lets his bannermen call him "Ned?"  Seriously?  Asshole, his name is "Lord Eddard" or "Lord Stark."  You don't call the guy "Ned" to anyone, INCLUDING his Lady wife!!!  Again, sloppy writing, sloppy.  This is amusing because I've seen non-readers express appreciation for this bit, saying that it strikes them as entirely appropriate and cool that Ned's Bannermen refer to him on such a personal basis.
823	Jaime Lannister	2011-06-06	The whiny bitch side of the fan base never ceases to amaze me.
824	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	This is amusing because I've seen non-readers express appreciation for this bit, saying that it strikes them as entirely appropriate and cool that Ned's Bannermen refer to him on such a personal basis.I always thought it was odd when Viserys called him Ned Stark, as if he knew him.  I don't really care though.
825	Ferrum Aeternum	2011-06-06	Fantastic episode, loved it.  Best part: no Roz!!  Since it was written by GRRM, this makes sense.  I can almost picture the scene after George turned in the script to the producers:D&D: Thanks for getting that script done!GRRM: Your welcome! Hope you liked it.D&D: LOVED it.  Only quibble is we need you to use Roz more in the KL scenes.GRRM: Who?  Wait - the whore from Winterfell?  What the eff is she doing in KL?D&D: OH!  Funny thing happened.  See...GRRM: /facepalm /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
826	alguien	2011-06-06	Tell Lord Tywin winter is coming for him. Twenty thousand northerners marching south to find out if he really does shit gold.Even though I've read the books, that new line of dialog sent chills down my spine.  Fucking awesome. Excellent episode.  Sort of surprised to see that Tywin was taller than Shagga, but I enjoyed the actor's perfomance nonetheless. I did miss Tyrion's telling the story of Tysha, but I'm assuming that it will be put in somewhere down the line. (at least I hope so)Many, this whole series so far is like a dream come true, for the most part.
827	laughing tree knight	2011-06-06	Syrio likely isn't trained in the use of a longsword; he's a master, but an extreme specialist, and perhaps felt that he had a better chance with the wooden training sword.that's ridiculous.  first he demonstrates the hacking of the westeros way to Arya earlier in the book and season. second while this is exactly as it happened in the book. it is strange that he doesn't pick up a sword if he doesn't want to die. especially given the representation on the show. he actually after fighting the dancing style against the lannisters he seems to switch to the westeros two handed style when facing Meryn Trant.  why did he do that?
828	The King's Foot	2011-06-06	after fighting the dancing style against the lannisters he seems to switch to the westeros two handed style when facing Meryn Trant.  why did he do that?Maybe, like Obi-Wan, he's trying to sacrifice himself and become more powerful than Trant can possibly imagine.  I get a mental image of Trant kicking through an empty pile of Braavosi clothes while Arya fires some wild blaster shots and runs into the belly of the Milennium Falcon...
829	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	Let me just ditto The Hairy Bear. George lets readers decide what they want about how they feel regarding characters... but he has very explicitly said he's a bit annoyed by readings of the characters which claim they're whiny or that you're supposed to dislike them. No, you can dislike them if you want, but he never wrote either of them with the intention of driving people into disliking them.Let me clarify what I meant by "supposed to dislike Sansa."  It is clear that Sansa is set up to be Arya's foil, they are exact opposites in nearly every way. And Arya is presented as very likeable and very relate-able, IMO.  So Sansa starts off, naturally, as the opposite. Throughout GoT (the book) she is painted as fairly unsympathetic, naive and frustrating.  After Joffrey kills Ned things drastically change and she becomes a different character.  It is the same way I see Jaime.  We are not supposed to like Jaime when the series starts, that is the point of him pushing an innocent child out of the window.  But he slowly becomes more sympathetic and likeable.  That is how I also see Sansa.
830	Bahimiron	2011-06-06	The Jon vs Thorne scene was a little bit of a let down if only because he doesn't actually do much to Thorne. At least in the book he runs down the table and kicks his stew out of his hand. Here all he does is get within five feet of him with a knife. You'd think that 'almost stabbings' would be kind of common the Wall, considering the tension of the setting and the sorts of people who go there. Seems like the kind of crime that comes with a sharp slap on the wrist and a 'hey, maybe you shouldn't stab people' admonishment.I LOVED that we see all the ravens leave Winterfell in a rush of punctuated black.  I liked the symbolism and the weightiness of the scene: we could see just how important this was, how many men it would include, and how ominous this all was.  A great little detail.I loved the notion that rather than writing the notes and sending them out as they're finished, Maester Luwin is keeping the ravens all cooped up until he's done so he can let them out in one go. He's probably thinking to himself, "Oh man, this shit is gonna be so metal. People are gonna be wandering by and see the castle and be all 'dang, that looks like an album cover!'"
831	Derfel Cadarn	2011-06-06	Favourite episode.  Awesomeness after awesomeness.  I loved how Drogo casually threw the tongue onto his pile of body parts.  Glad they kept Kevan in.  Khal Drogo owns!  If the actor does as good a job as Conan in the film out later this year, it could own.  I lol'd at Bron's "..You wouldn't know him".  I liked how they had Tywin's piercing stare in.  And the look he gave Tyrion when Shagga said Tyrion had to fight with them, and Tyrion's chagrin.  Hope th next episode has Shagga and his three axes.  Shagga likes to fight with both hands.  Shagga is of the opinion that three axes are better than two.Robb was very good too.  I liked the Greatjon, played by the actor who played Littlejohn in Robin of Sherwood.  Glad they kept in Thorne goading Jon.  I suspect they'll miss out the scene where Jon briefly deserts.
832	Derfel Cadarn	2011-06-06	He came south with Catelyn, but he stayed at the Eyrie (he was wounded in the hill tribe fight or something like that), and I think he took a boat back to the North.He's probably sent back to help Bran and the Maester.
833	Starkess	2011-06-06	Robb >>>>>> Jon.
It is known.
/drool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':drool:' /> Redheads...
834	Xenophon	2011-06-06	Okay, and now for "Rockroi's Most Nit-picking Thing That Annoys Only a Mega Nerd Like Myself."  In the scene where Cat returns to see Robb she is greated by the Lords of the North.  In the scene, Greatjon scurries everyone out of the tent and then assures Cat that the army will soon march on KL and "free Ned."  Okay... Who the FUCK is Ned?  Why are you calling him Ned?  Does Eddard Stark strike you as a guy who lets his bannermen call him "Ned?"  Seriously?  Asshole, his name is "Lord Eddard" or "Lord Stark."  You don't call the guy "Ned" to anyone, INCLUDING his Lady wife!!!  Again, sloppy writing, sloppy acting. Well, you'll have to take that up with GRRM two times over.  It's straight out of the book:Â<U+0093>Have no fear on that count, Lady Stark,Â<U+0094> the Greatjon told her in his bass rumble. Â<U+0093>Winterfell is safe. WeÂ<U+0092>ll shove our swords up Tywin LannisterÂ<U+0092>s bunghole soon enough, begging your pardons, and then itÂ<U+0092>s on to the Red Keep to free Ned.Â<U+0094>
835	Derfel Cadarn	2011-06-06	Loved Jon and GhostÂ<U+0092>s Lassie moment. Â<U+0093>Is something wrong Ghost? Tell me, whatÂ<U+0092>s wrong?Â<U+0094>Little Timmet was trapped down a well.  I thought the re-animated corpses were the wight walkers. In the hierarchy of scary there are 1.) wildlings, 2.) wight walkers, 3.) the Others. It seems like theyÂ<U+0092>ve renamed the Others wight walkers as to not sound too much like Lost, so the re-animated corpses are just unnamed snow zombies. And thereÂ<U+0092>s this confusion about wight/white. To clarify, the re-animated corpses are wights, the Others are being called white walkers (not wight walkers) in the series (and at times in the books).  Probably to avoid the Lost comparison.
836	Morrigan	2011-06-06	In light of the complaints about sexual exposition I can't help to be amused at the lack of complaints about violent exposition, like Drogo literally ripping someone's throat out.If that throat ripping lasted 5 minutes, I would certainly have complained. But it lasted a few seconds and served to show a) Khal Drogo's badnassness and /cool.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='B)' /> Khal Drogo's savagery.Yeah, people are reading way too much into this.  If Targ blood equaled fire immunity, Aerion, Aegon V, the Queen who died in the Dance of the Dragons would never had died.  Nothing in this show has disproved R+L=J, if anything, some of the extra Ned+Jon scenes in the beginning of the season along with his speaking with Robert along the Trident give the viewers some clear information that something is up with Jon's parentage.Let me ask this, if Martin didn't intend that combination, what was the point of the TOJ in the books in the first place?No kidding. Targ blood has never equated fire immunity, ever. Even GRRM said it was a one-time magical event with the funeral pyre. I think it depends on the "girl". Looks-wise, my daughter squeals over Robb (and Theon) and doesn't care for Jon (because the actor doesn't look much like she pictured Jon in the books). Personally, I think Jon is the best looking of all the young men in the show, but I then like men with dark hair and eyes. I think Ned (Sean Bean) is the hottest man on the TV screen.Ditto. The lads are good-looking and all, but even though they're closer to my age than Sean Bean is, I still find them too boyish looking. Sean Bean though.... SO. HOT. <3 <3 <3However, this episode was mercifully absent a.) Roz, b.) boobiez, c.) sexposition (exposition paired with gratuitious sex scene) Â<U+0096> so IÂ<U+0092>m not too upset that they skipped the raping part of raping and pillaging.I actually thought they -should- have shown the rapes, at least a little. It's important to the story. I for one don't mind sex scenes if they are not gratuitous, and this wouldn't be gratuitous. It would be shocking and harsh, but it was meant to be. Funny how that got censored, but gratuitous les porn didn't... *shakes head*The only nudity was Hodor! Which is hilarious.I'm glad they kept that, it was amusing, but they should have made it clearer that he was bathing. For non-readers it just looks as if he arrives naked for no reason.Did anyone else notice the expression on BranÂ<U+0092>s face after RobÂ<U+0092>s wolf ate UmberÂ<U+0092>s hand? Everyone was laughing at UmberÂ<U+0092>s Â<U+0093>your meat is tough to cutÂ<U+0094> joke and BranÂ<U+0092>s face is all Â<U+0093>WTF, why is everyone laughing, I almost wet my pantsÂ<U+0094>.I did. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> Poor Bran, I wanted to hug him.I thought the re-animated corpses were the wight walkers. In the hierarchy of scary there are 1.) wildlings, 2.) wight walkers, 3.) the Others. It seems like theyÂ<U+0092>ve renamed the Others wight walkers as to not sound too much like Lost, so the re-animated corpses are just unnamed snow zombies. And thereÂ<U+0092>s this confusion about wight/white.White walkers, not wight walkers. I thought it was pretty obvious... the white walkers are the Others, and the reanimated corpses are the wights.
837	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	Well, you'll have to take that up with GRRM two times over.  It's straight out of the book:Â<U+0093>Have no fear on that count, Lady Stark,Â<U+0094> the Greatjon told her in his bass rumble. Â<U+0093>Winterfell is safe. WeÂ<U+0092>ll shove our swords up Tywin LannisterÂ<U+0092>s bunghole soon enough, begging your pardons, and then itÂ<U+0092>s on to the Red Keep to free Ned.Â<U+0094>Rockroi is definitely wrong about that one.  Greatjon Umber is old enough to have been a role model-friend to Brandon Stark, and conceivably a younger friend of Lord Rickard.  He probably called Eddard "Ned" from the time Eddard was a tyke.  Eddard is no Tywin Lannister - he'd not get his panties in a twist over a perceived slight as small as that one.
838	Sad King Billy	2011-06-06	Most of what I have to say has already been said. One thing I'd like to add: the Hodor scene; I don't think that was there for Hodor/nudity, but rather to make Osha more endearing to the audience. Her reaction/interest/humour personalises her, if it'd been left out, her little exposition to Brandon would have been too obvious, and she'd remain known as miss exposition to non-book readers.
Secondly, Varys. Did anyone else notice how his voice was very different from his 'small council' voice? More rough and less 'oily'. Well done by the actor who played him I think.
edit: also liked Tyrion's struggle to get to the wine.
					
					
							Edited by Sad King Billy, 06 June 2011 - 05:19 PM.
839	Derfel Cadarn	2011-06-06	In the scene where Cat returns to see Robb she is greated by the Lords of the North.  In the scene, Greatjon scurries everyone out of the tent and then assures Cat that the army will soon march on KL and "free Ned."  Okay... Who the FUCK is Ned?  Why are you calling him Ned?  Does Eddard Stark strike you as a guy who lets his bannermen call him "Ned?"  Seriously?  Asshole, his name is "Lord Eddard" or "Lord Stark."  You don't call the guy "Ned" to anyone, INCLUDING his Lady wife!!!  Again, sloppy writing, sloppy acting.  Um, that bit is taken almost verbatim from the books.  The Greatjon refers to him as Ned.  It's a direct quote or close to.  Ned calls the King "Robert" at times, in the presence of the Queen.  In the North they're maybe a bit less formal than parts of the south.  Prince Doran is treated with some disrespect by family and commoners in AFfC.
840	Morrigan	2011-06-06	Well, you'll have to take that up with GRRM two times over.  It's straight out of the book:â<U+0080><U+009C>Have no fear on that count, Lady Stark,â<U+0080><U+009D> the Greatjon told her in his bass rumble. â<U+0080><U+009C>Winterfell is safe. Weâ<U+0080><U+0099>ll shove our swords up Tywin Lannisterâ<U+0080><U+0099>s bunghole soon enough, begging your pardons, and then itâ<U+0080><U+0099>s on to the Red Keep to free Ned.â<U+0080><U+009D>No kidding, and that's the by far the stupidest complain I've seen yet. It's entirely believable that many of Ned's bannermen would also be his friends (or at least, his father's friends), and the Greatjon is one of the most fiercely loyal Stark bannerman despite his rough manners; I can totally imagine him speaking about Ned in informal, familiar tones.Edit: pretty hilarious at how outraged Rockroi is about something like that, and it's straight from the book too... and I thought I was nitpicky. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 06 June 2011 - 05:21 PM.
841	Queen Dorothea	2011-06-06	As a straight male with a girlfriend and sister watching the show, I've heard that Jon is definitely the "hottest" on the show. Girls like those dark and dreary types these days. Robb is obviously a handsome fellow, but he has a prominent brow.  /rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />Girls have liked dark and dreary types since the beginning of time
842	theMountainGoat	2011-06-06	Things I loved:Syrio's fight was awesome. Just perfect.Interesting choice to not show Arya's escape of the castle, creates a little mystery for viewers to solve which should not be hard for those paying attention.Loved LOVED Drogo's fight scene. This was a change from the book that totally worked, in fact it was an improvement. Really appreciated the chance to see Drogo be bad-ass.Robb Stark gets a personality. Worth the wait for Robb to finally get the chance to come to the foreground and he was great in this episode.Loved Bran's look of horror after Greatjon had his fingers bitten off by Grey Wind, so good.Rickon delivered his line well, great job Art. Can't believe his mum let him watch that episode uncut, I'm sure his mother must have put her hands over his eyes when Hodor walked on screen /uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' /> Barristan rocked. Enough said.Things I disliked:I know George wrote it but I still totally hate the change to Sansa's storyline. If that two second scene with the Hound was in some way meant to make up for their talk after the tourney being cut it totally failed on that score. I can only assume they did not have Sansa go tell Cersei about Ned's plan to leave King's Landing to make Sansa a more sympathetic character and avoid the hate and scorn she regularly gets around here. And if that is the reason then its bullshit. That for me was Sansa's defining moment, the reason for her character being who she is. A totally believable act for her character and one I don't hate her for at all. In my opinion the show is poorer for not having gone that way. I'm sure some will disagree with that opinion but whatever.Disliked the wight attack simply because there was no cold. I know minor complaint but I always felt that the temperature dropping, the breath misting before Jon really did a lot to amp up the atmosphere and terror of that scene. That was true in the prologue too. This is the Ice man, it needs to be colder!Tyrion's scenes were very disappointing. They got the gist of what happens across but with such economy of dialogue that much of the brilliant humour was lost in the process, a real shame I think. The choice of locations for the high road seemed bizarre to me, not so much a barren rocky road as a lush forest, yeah another minor nitpick. I'm sure a lot of people will hate that they cut Tyrion telling Bronn about Tysha. I wonder if they might have him tell that story to Shae instead, not sure how I feel about that idea, it might work, I dunno. Or they just might save the story for next season instead.While I loved the choice to end the episode with Sansa's plea I kind of wish someone had suggested that Ned could join the Night's Watch if he said what they wanted him to say. I know that is not in the book but it really would have given viewers the impression that this is what will happen. The episode ended on such an ominous note that now viewers have a week to ponder on what will happen and may lean towards Ned getting the chop, it might not be quite the surprise it might have been had the red herring been thrown out there this week.
843	snowzombie	2011-06-06	I actually thought they -should- have shown the rapes, at least a little. It's important to the story. I for one don't mind sex scenes if they are not gratuitous, and this wouldn't be gratuitous. It would be shocking and harsh, but it was meant to be. Funny how that got censored, but gratuitous les porn didn't... *shakes head*White walkers, not wight walkers. I thought it was pretty obvious... the white walkers are the Others, and the reanimated corpses are the wights.That's what I said re: the raping, it was unclear that the women in that scene were going to be brutalized beyond being dragged around by the hair. There didn't seem to be as much at stake. The woman on the show was screaming because she was getting dragged around, not because she was being gang raped. I just looked wight up in the dictionary:noun [usu. with adj. ] archaic or dialecta person of a specified kind, esp. one regarded as unfortunate : he always was an unlucky wight.Â<U+0095> poetic/literary a spirit, ghost, or other supernatural beSo that makes sense, it can be used as a noun. But wight is an obscure word, and people watching the show who haven't read the books are going to hear, "They are whites," and wonder why an adjective is being used as a noun. Thanks for the clarification on white walkers vs wights /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' />
844	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-06	Tyrion's scenes were very disappointing. They got the gist of what happens across but with such economy of dialogue that much of the brilliant humour was lost in the process, a real shame I think. The choice of locations for the high road seemed bizarre to me, not so much a barren rocky road as a lush forest, yeah another minor nitpick. I'm sure a lot of people will hate that they cut Tyrion telling Bronn about Tysha. I wonder if they might have him tell that story to Shae instead, not sure how I feel about that idea, it might work, I dunno. Or they just might save the story for next season instead.It's not how the Vale is described but the important bit is that it's away from civilisation. That looks like more of Tollymore Forest Park to me (my family used to go for walks up there when I was a kid). Just handy for filming.
845	brokor	2011-06-06	Loved the episode, although imo those cool fade-outs and transitions that we saw are overused (dont know anything about scenography or directing, just my personal opinion).
story wise, sansa should not appear used and taken advantage of. she did this, make her the villain she is!
tyrion and bron moments lacked in this episode. we never rly knew tyrion up untill this trip he took down from the eyrie.
loved arya and osha in this episodes. the actresses are ideal for their respective roles. would want less cries after arya leaves syrio cause now the episode made me think syrio died, while in the book i never rly knew.
Once again, Littlefinger seems way too mean for what i think he really is. He is just an opportunist and a schemist bastard. it is not like him to straight-forward betray or threaten someone.
On the northern from, i think the scene 2 episodes back with theon and robb served its role. however i have still to see robb become a king. he is still a lordling massing an army. also the prisoner situation made him look foolish while it is all a part of his plan.
John fought bravely but we didnt rly see the supernatural side of the wights. as someone mentioned earlier, the breath, the cold, the blue eyes, they just spooked me in the books. also friends who havent read the books got rly confused with white walkers and wights.
Lastly, someone should say that Ned would peopably take the black. now when he dies people arent gonna be so surprised.
however we get an excellent setting for joffrey being the ultimate mean bastard god-abiding killer-traitor. man that kid looks the part.
sry for my english, not my native language.
846	Wunhopkuendo	2011-06-06	First things first, the next person that complains about a wooden sword is going to find me putting a helmet on their head and smacking them upside it with one of mine. After that, and while their ears are ringing and are filled with a complete lack of orientation, I am going to use the same piece of wood to bust apart both knee caps, elbows, shins, and perhaps a few fingers for good measure. Seriously, stop talking if you have no idea what it means to be hit with a wooden sword by a trained swordsman. 
Phew, now I can remark on the actual show. I agree with everyone here about the stableboy killing; however, my non book reading wife gasped when it happened and said "oh poor Arya." So perhaps that message came across just fine. Along those lines, I also thought the wight scene was not nearly scary enough, but it scared the shit out of her. She is my non reader sounding board and has led me to believe that we readers are seriously underestimating their ability to intuit what is happening just because they haven't read the books. Shame on us. 
Which leads me to another point. I keep thinking that Stanis is going to be a mystery if he ever shows up, until my wife said "do you think Stanis will rescue Ned?" I didn't think she had a clue who Stanis was, but apparently I was wrong. Too bad for her she guessed wrong on that one. I can't wait to see her face when Ned loses his head.
847	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-06	they left the opening for Syrio to have escaped there.  way cool scene.I thought GRRM did as well in the book?
848	Merentha	2011-06-06	First things first, the next person that complains about a wooden sword is going to find me putting a helmet on their head and smacking them upside it with one of mine. After that, and while their ears are ringing and are filled with a complete lack of orientation, I am going to use the same piece of wood to bust apart both knee caps, elbows, shins, and perhaps a few fingers for good measure. Seriously, stop talking if you have no idea what it means to be hit with a wooden sword by a trained swordsman.All true enough, but this is also on television, where people have a tendency to receive broad slashing wounds through steel plate.  It doesn't look like he smacks them around and they get completely disoriented, it looks (and sounds!) like he slashed their throats open.  There's also the element where being hit on the head by a trained swordsman is...part of training to be a swordsman.  Yes, grab a boarder and ring their helmet, and they'll be disoriented as shit.  They won't drop as if they've been poleaxed, especially since helms are padded and designed to resist just that.  Then, yeah, go break the boarders' unarmored fingers, knee caps, and shins.  Pity the people in the show were armored.  You're overestimating the effects of the wooden weapons.  If the television producers aren't going to play realistic with weapons or swords at any other point in the series, why should they suddenly do so?  Syrio could have beaten those guards, sure.  But it should have looked different from if he'd been armed with a steel blade, because it would have been.   /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
849	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-06	Which leads me to another point. I keep thinking that Stanis is going to be a mystery if he ever shows up, until my wife said "do you think Stanis will rescue Ned?" I didn't think she had a clue who Stanis was, but apparently I was wrong. Too bad for her she guessed wrong on that one. I can't wait to see her face when Ned loses his head.A classmate came up to me today, not having seen the new ep, and said, "So, I guess this episode is all about them busting Ned out?" I was like, ooh, well he's only just been arrested, they have to gather the troops. "Ah. Must be next episode then. It's stupid when the writers try to do stuff like this: he's the main character, I mean, we all know he's gonna be out in time to be totally hardcore in the finale!"Yes he does talk like that, and oh to be a fly on the wall next week! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA©, 06 June 2011 - 05:58 PM.
850	JayDubya	2011-06-06	Oh, one scene that I liked was when the ravens all flew from Winterfell, calling the banners.   It didn't really add anything to the plot, but it was (in my mind) an excellent visual.  Gave me chills.
On the other hand, for a  8000 year old castle with 100-foot walls, Winterfell looks a little puny.
851	Tyrion Thr Terrible	2011-06-06	A classmate came up to me today, not having seen the new ep, and said, "So, I guess this episode is all about them busting Ned out?" I was like, ooh, well he's only just been arrested, they have to gather the troops. "Ah. Must be next episode then. It's stupid when the writers try to do stuff like this: he's the main character, I mean, we all know he's gonna be out in time to be totally hardcore in the finale!"Yes he does talk like that, and oh to be a fly on the wall next week! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />I'm having a similar experience with a co-worker who I turned on to the books, yesterday he was about 50 pages away from the learning the truth about Ned, and he was trying to figure out who and how he was going to get busted out. I so want to be there as well when he learns the truth!
852	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-06	I'm having a similar experience with a co-worker who I turned on to the books, yesterday he was about 50 pages away from the learning the truth about Ned, and he was trying to figure out who and how he was going to get busted out. I so want to be there as well when he learns the truth!My housemate is reading AGoT and I've been teasing loads without spoiling. They spoke to a mate from home who promptly asked if they'd got to the bit where Ned dies, then said not to get too attached to any of the Starks and spoiled the fall of Winterfell, the Red Wedding and the Purple Wedding. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Said housemate's girlfriend is now watching the series and I will make do with enjoying her reaction!
853	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-06	Agreed.  Also, the "sexposition" that everyone objects to so much isn't just the showing of sex, it's the technique of putting a sex scene in the background when you want to do some plot exposition.  If they had scenes where characters explained something about the backstory at lenght in the middle of a violent fight, I'm sure people would mock that too.That's incorrect, I know what I've read (and it goes way beyond the Littlefinger scene) and there's been enough of it to make John Bradley say some well chosen words on it in the WIC interview. I must have been stepping on some toes though since this is the second person that hasn't said the things I laughed at but still felt the need to defend himself. That always makes you wonder if you've hit on something thought but not yet said since otherwise there's no reason to get defensive.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 06 June 2011 - 06:30 PM.
854	Asarlai	2011-06-06	Which leads me to another point. I keep thinking that Stanis is going to be a mystery if he ever shows up, until my wife said "do you think Stanis will rescue Ned?" I didn't think she had a clue who Stanis was, but apparently I was wrong. Too bad for her she guessed wrong on that one. I can't wait to see her face when Ned loses his head.I've been watching with my father, who had a thought that when Dany and the Dothraki took the kingdom, they'd do something like "Let the poor bastards in the dungeon out," but now he seems to think it'll be more like Robb or Stannis or Varys. Yeah, next episode is gonna be tough... Especially since Ned is probably the best-liked character for non-readers, from what I've seen. Then again, he was my favorite character at that point, too. Makes me realize how much the series has changed from the conflicts of early-mid GoT to the wars.
855	Simon Steele	2011-06-06	My housemate is reading AGoT and I've been teasing loads without spoiling. They spoke to a mate from home who promptly asked if they'd got to the bit where Ned dies, then said not to get too attached to any of the Starks and spoiled the fall of Winterfell, the Red Wedding and the Purple Wedding. /sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />Said housemate's girlfriend is now watching the series and I will make do with enjoying her reaction!Bastard. Ugh that ticks me off. Happened to me when I was reading a Clash of Kings. I saw the Ned thing coming a mile away, he reminded me too much of the father in Dune. But I was really pulling for Robb, and it was the old ASOIAF message board where I first joined and mentioned something about how much I wanted Robb to win.Then some dude spoiled the whole Red Wedding for me. I'm still angry to this day. That must have been seven years ago.
856	The King's Foot	2011-06-06	I've been watching with my father, who had a thought that when Dany and the Dothraki took the kingdom, they'd do something like "Let the poor bastards in the dungeon out," but now he seems to think it'll be more like Robb or Stannis or Varys. Yeah, next episode is gonna be tough... Especially since Ned is probably the best-liked character for non-readers, from what I've seen. Then again, he was my favorite character at that point, too. Makes me realize how much the series has changed from the conflicts of early-mid GoT to the wars.Ep 9 is going to be the one that hooks the non-readers for good, and gets them convincing their friends to watch the season on DVD/interwebs this summer.  I've been talking to my brother who is a non-reader and he is also highly anticipating the big Shawshank Redemption of Ned.  Having the show off the "main" character is going to make some peoples' heads explode in the best possible way.
857	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-06	Bastard. Ugh that ticks me off. Happened to me when I was reading a Clash of Kings. I saw the Ned thing coming a mile away, he reminded me too much of the father in Dune. But I was really pulling for Robb, and it was the old ASOIAF message board where I first joined and mentioned something about how much I wanted Robb to win.Then some dude spoiled the whole Red Wedding for me. I'm still angry to this day. That must have been seven years ago.That's dreadful! I am absolutely crap with suspense, so it's a real struggle to restrain myself from spoilers!  Managed it for ASoIaF though and wouldn't want to ruin the surprises for anyone else. The Red Wedding was such a shock I immediately had to reread it to make sure they'd all actually been killed. It's great loaning the books to people, ask how they're getting on and have the answer prefaced with, "OMG, I can't believe..." Sharing the joy! All that murder, rape, incest, zombies, torture, kidnapping and betrayal, bringing nerds together since 1996. /smile.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':)' /> I'm sorry, this has gone rather off-topic.
858	tarantella	2011-06-06	I'm going to love seeing people's reactions to the next episode.  This episode and the next should definitely get them truly hating some characters.  Joffrey, Alliser Thorne (if they don't hate that dick already.)  Pycelle came off as a major asshole too, but non-readers aren't going to realize it until next season when Tyrion starts his own investigations in KL.  I noticed Janos Slynt was in there too, that was a nice set-up.
I missed Roose Bolton.  Are they keeping him for next season?
859	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Oh good looks like the site is backup.  In regards to this and the previous question asking why Robb let the scout go, seems like a lot of people missed the potential bit of genius behind it.  This is still speculation on my part, but remember we don't actually know how many men Robb is leading.  When told the scout was counting their men, he simply asked "how high did you get?", to which the scout replied "18, 20,000". Considering that the Lannisters were able to muster up 60,000 men, I'd imagine the Northern army should probably number something more like at least 30,000 men, and the scout either didn't get the chance or didn't properly count them all.  But now he's going to run back to Tywin reporting a 20,000 man army. So roughly that amount needs to show up to meet him to deflect suspicion that the rest of the army is sneaking around the back to attack Jamie.He tells Cat he has 18.000. Some people here said he let the scout go because his figures was "20.000 or more". Now, even if the guy thought they have 24.000 it wouldnt really change Tywins plans because a host 18k or 24k is not that diferent unless its all knights on horses. Now, he let the scout go and said that he was going to kick Tywin ass because that way Tywin will NOT realize he has split his forces and so wont warn Jaime. That part was left out but I guess they will go back to it next episode.
860	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Syrio would have been a lot more plausible with the Lannister guards if they hadn't been armored.  That was what made Trant so imposing in the books:  his plate.  Its something that comes up a lot in fantasy movies:  everyone is too armored.  Make them have mail and a leather cap, then Syrio breaking arms and faces makes a lot more sense.   Ah well.  Every episode has a great new actor where I just get impressed, again, at how good they are.  This one's was definitely Robb, with a close second to Dany.  They're just doing a stellar job.Agreed. They didnt really need that many armored men to get Arya and her dancing master. The kingsguard was there because Arya was a royal hostage, but who could know her dancing master was a master sword fighter?
861	Morrigan	2011-06-06	First things first, the next person that complains about a wooden sword is going to find me putting a helmet on their head and smacking them upside it with one of mine. After that, and while their ears are ringing and are filled with a complete lack of orientation, I am going to use the same piece of wood to bust apart both knee caps, elbows, shins, and perhaps a few fingers for good measure. Seriously, stop talking if you have no idea what it means to be hit with a wooden sword by a trained swordsman.Well said. Hell, in kendo we train with swords made of bamboo when fighting in armour, and we use wooden swords (bokkens) for the katas only. Even wearing our armour, getting hit by a bokken would be ridiculously dangerous.Phew, now I can remark on the actual show. I agree with everyone here about the stableboy killing; however, my non book reading wife gasped when it happened and said "oh poor Arya." So perhaps that message came across just fine. Along those lines, I also thought the wight scene was not nearly scary enough, but it scared the shit out of her. She is my non reader sounding board and has led me to believe that we readers are seriously underestimating their ability to intuit what is happening just because they haven't read the books. Shame on us.You make a good point, especially with regards to the wight attack. I still think the stableboy scene was rushed, though. The episode is called "the pointy end" in reference to that scene, it should have been dwelt upon a bit more.A classmate came up to me today, not having seen the new ep, and said, "So, I guess this episode is all about them busting Ned out?" I was like, ooh, well he's only just been arrested, they have to gather the troops. "Ah. Must be next episode then. It's stupid when the writers try to do stuff like this: he's the main character, I mean, we all know he's gonna be out in time to be totally hardcore in the finale!"Yes he does talk like that, and oh to be a fly on the wall next week! /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Hahaha man, I can't wait to see how shocked non-readers will be. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
862	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	That's unfair. She doesn't dump Dontos because she's found better friends. She quickly realises that he's weak and unreliable: as much as she wants to escape, she doubts that he will be able to help her and knows no-one else who can. We only see her in the company of Tyrells on two occasions, and she has to get her days in somehow when she isn't praying.Jeyne and Arya do show selfishness, but she grimly assumes Arya is dead, and doesn't see Jeyne as her responsibility. She's a 12-year-old girl fearing for her own life and trying to save that of her father and siblings: I don't think it's so unforgivable to be overwhelmed by that.Sansa didn't intend to get her father in trouble. She simply didn't understand the implications of what she told Cersei, and couldn't have predicted the consequences of her actions.Disagree. By the time she joins with Margareth she stops going to the godswood and refuses Dontos even through he lay his plans to her and say they already have a scape plan in the day of Jofreys wedding. Also a bit latter, when the lannister discover she was going to flee with the Tyrells she says that only the Tyrells and Dontos knew of her marriage with Willas, and that Dontos didnt matter.About her telling Cersei, that is ok. The problem is that she shows disregard for most of the people around her and has a cold personality.
863	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Am I the only one who thought Robb's guard's line was pretty weird?"He looked to be counting"How the hell do you look like you're counting?Raising your fingers?
864	Trebla	2011-06-06	Pycelle harumphing about treason and traitors was even funnier on-screen. Hypocrisy is a quivering beard. Gods I can't wait to see him introduced to Shagga next season.
865	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	The Jon vs Thorne scene was a little bit of a let down if only because he doesn't actually do much to Thorne. At least in the book he runs down the table and kicks his stew out of his hand. Here all he does is get within five feet of him with a knife. You'd think that 'almost stabbings' would be kind of common the Wall, considering the tension of the setting and the sorts of people who go there. Seems like the kind of crime that comes with a sharp slap on the wrist and a 'hey, maybe you shouldn't stab people' admonishment.I loved the notion that rather than writing the notes and sending them out as they're finished, Maester Luwin is keeping the ravens all cooped up until he's done so he can let them out in one go. He's probably thinking to himself, "Oh man, this shit is gonna be so metal. People are gonna be wandering by and see the castle and be all 'dang, that looks like an album cover!'"The crow scene was awesome but it was clearly a poethic image. I doubt he would need to send that much ravens, and wouldnt be able to send them that fast.UNLESS he had they all writen before (which is possible) and a huge team to atach all the messages to all the ravens.Still an awesome scene. Its the kind of think I wish they had done in the other episodes. They used many camera tricks in this one, not only there but also when Bran is in the godswood, when Sansa pleas for her father and also when Robb is talking with his generals.
866	Axon	2011-06-06	What's the matter? Khal got your tongue?
867	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	I've been watching with my father, who had a thought that when Dany and the Dothraki took the kingdom, they'd do something like "Let the poor bastards in the dungeon out," but now he seems to think it'll be more like Robb or Stannis or Varys. Yeah, next episode is gonna be tough... Especially since Ned is probably the best-liked character for non-readers, from what I've seen. Then again, he was my favorite character at that point, too. Makes me realize how much the series has changed from the conflicts of early-mid GoT to the wars.Yes, its absurd how you change your perception after reading it once. NedÂ´s death shocked me so much... Red wedding too, I didnt even knew it was coming.My first read was like a drug and I just need my next fix. Whenever I readed a chapter I loved I almost jumped straight for the next chapter of that POV just to know what was going to happen. I hated Dany chapters because it kept me away from what was going on in Westeros. I readed Clash of Kings in 2 days due to my addiction.What got me addicted was definitaly NedÂ´s death. Even through he was my fav his death told me that the story was being developed for itself, not for individual characters.I opened a post on another forum to advertise this series and there are a lot of non-reader there. Some of they have readed on the internet people saying "Its in the next episode" and they have come up with all kinds of theories. One guy has these ones:- Sobrenatural creatures of the North will advance and all the real will have to gather for a common good and leave the wars postponed.- Khal Drogo will strike and hold the Lannisters between two military offensives.- Dragons will awake and fuck everything!
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 06 June 2011 - 08:00 PM.
868	Kindly Old Man	2011-06-06	Does anyone else think the guy Drogo kills looks a lot like Mads Mikkelsen?
869	Volderon	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.
Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.
870	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-06	What's the matter? Khal got your tongue?What make this such a great scene is that Drogo has literally ripped out his throat.  That clearly is not a tongue which one would typically cut out.
871	LadyT	2011-06-06	[quote name='valacirca' timestamp='1307374375' post=- Arya pwns stableboy scene was too quick and featured the single most terrible editing job on the series to date.[/quote]I keep wondering if the really bad editing was on purpose.  Was the stabbing an accident?  People not familiar with the books can comfort themselves that it was, rather than think that an attractive child character just killed another child.  On the other hand, those of us who can handle Arya as written can still sort of tell ourselves it was deliberate, so they didn't risk ticking off the fanbase by clearly making it an accident.   It was just...muddled.  Whatever the truth, the scene was flat and disappointing.I had wondered all along how even HBO was going to handle Arya.  This is not a mafia guy killing folks. this is a little girl, who will also be subjected to horrors we don't usually see children enduring outside of Holocaust films.  I find it too coincidental that I had feared that Arya's arc might be the trickiest thing to bring to the screen and damned if the very first time it was put to the test, we got the scene as shot.  I hope this was just an aberration and she gets her tale as written.I was also disappointed in the wight scene.  It lacked eeriness or something.  We could barely see the thing as it rushed Jon.  I only liked the moment when Jon whipped out his sword.For me, the weaknesses in the episode were nearly all in the directing.  It surprised me that, after all of the sex and nudity, the Dothraki rapes of the Lamb Ladies didn't show so much as a ripped bodice.  Just looked like a bunch of women in a rodeo round up.  I am not saying I needed more violence or wanted it, but it just looked silly to me and TVlandish.  Not like dothraki men on a raid.  When some real sex and violence was called for, they chickened out.  Now, if Roz had been visiting during that raid...I would have enjoyed more with the Hound.Loved Rickon's "No they won't" especially when one realizes that the writer of this episode is the only one who knows why Rickon is in the story...and why Shaggy Dog is so unlike his Disney name.It was fun to see what the master thinks are the important points to emphasize.  And yes, I am with those who is glad that Sansa never went to Cersei.
872	NW Deserter	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.I guess we'll see.Hopefully, even the people who don't feel like watching with Ned gone are still curious enough to see how the season ends. With the all the shit that happens in the finale, season 2 is set up to have a ton of big stories.
873	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.That is why they made almost all the character far more sympathetic.- Arya didnt kill the stableboy on purpose.- Cersei has been given extra time to develop the reasons for her actions.- Theon had extra screen time and has been developed in a better way.Now, after reading the books and reading some material about GRRM Ive noticed that the true main character of the series has never been Ned or any of the Starks. The true main character of the series is Tyrion. And there is already a lot of people, non reader mostly, who really like Tyrion and will probabily come back for next season.A lot of people like Jon and Dany too, so I see them coming back for more.
					
					
							Edited by Ser Warpechowski, 06 June 2011 - 08:24 PM.
874	Bronn Stone	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.I think that things will be a little different in the first season of an adaptation.  But yes, there will be some fallout.
875	snowzombie	2011-06-06	Ep 9 is going to be the one that hooks the non-readers for good, and gets them convincing their friends to watch the season on DVD/interwebs this summer.  I've been talking to my brother who is a non-reader and he is also highly anticipating the big Shawshank Redemption of Ned.  Having the show off the "main" character is going to make some peoples' heads explode in the best possible way.I'm afraid non-readers will get mad next week, just because it's such a huge taboo to kill off the viewers' favorite character and/or the character they consider to be the most important on the show. I was shocked when I read it, but I wasn't so attached to Ned so I just kept reading. When Robb and Cat died at the Red Wedding I had to put the book down for awhile. I just wasn't prepared at all. I actually went on Wikipedia to see if they were *actually* dead.
876	tarantella	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.You really think so?  I thought the HBO audience was more in for this sort of thing.  I think it's more likely people will stay hooked to see whether Robb and co. manage to get revenge for his father's death, what happens to Arya, etc.
877	valacirca	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.I've been thinking about this too. Actually, I had a conversation with my brother (who's a non-reader) about the TV series and he told me that while a lot of people seem to be getting killed of than is usual for a TV show, he absolutely can't imagine Ned dying because he seems to be the central character where the show revolves around.I just went *snicker snicker* in my head /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' />But anyway... I think there won't be a lot of fallout for the following reasons:1) GoT has a HUGE ensemble. I doubt that anyone is that closely attached to Ned that his loss will stop them from following the adventures of the other characters in the wake of his death.2) I actually think a lot of people will be impressed by the balls and courage by the writers in killing off such a central character (although of course they have to because that's the way it happens in the book). When people watch other network TV dramas and a central character is in danger of dying, people immediately conclude that "Oh, s/he's too important a character to get killed off." The freshness of this and how it goes against the grain will attract a lot of people, I think.
					
					
							Edited by valacirca, 06 June 2011 - 08:33 PM.
878	Merentha	2011-06-06	Now, after reading the books and reading some material about GRRM Ive noticed that the true main character of the series has never been Ned or any of the Starks. The true main character of the series is Tyrion. And there is already a lot of people, non reader mostly, who really like Tyrion and will probabily come back for next season.\Well, you just killed Tyrion.  Way to go.   /worried.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':worried:' /> ( /tongue.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':P' /> )
879	Lokhtar	2011-06-06	You really think so?  I thought the HBO audience was more in for this sort of thing.  I think it's more likely people will stay hooked to see whether Robb and co. manage to get revenge for his father's death, what happens to Arya, etc.Now pissed would we be if the writers decide to keep him alive?
880	Daenerys	2011-06-06	The Syrio fighting scene was a bit weird, mostly because I don't think it looked believable at all that he knocked out all those armored men with a wooden sword.But what's even weirder, and what's been bothering me, was why use the wooden sword at all? OK, maybe for the first guy, but the way the scene was staged, Syrio had plenty of time and plenty of opportunities to switch out the practice sword for a real one with his dispatched enemies lying all over. But he didn't, I just thought that was really weird. Even after his practice sword gets chopped off, he certainly could have beaten the last guy (was that Trant?) to any of the swords, as he was not encumbered by a full suit of armor. Did he want to die or something? Even if you are good with a wooden sword, I assume you could be better with a steel one. Especially compared to a wooden one that's been chopped off.
881	Vuron	2011-06-06	I'm guessing there will be some fallout when Ned dies, but it will definately be discussed and get more press.
I know a bunch of us are watching the OtakuASSEMBLE reviews on youtube.  He claims that he's going to record his watching of the shows live the next 2 weeks.  That guy is gonna completely flip out when Ned dies.  I'm thinking its going to be epic viewing if he posts it.
882	NW Deserter	2011-06-06	I'm guessing there will be some fallout when Ned dies, but it will definately be discussed and get more press.I know a bunch of us are watching the OtakuASSEMBLE reviews on youtube.  He claims that he's going to record his watching of the shows live the next 2 weeks.  That guy is gonna completely flip out when Ned dies.  I'm thinking its going to be epic viewing if he posts it.Yeah I saw that. I love that guy's reviews already because of how emotional he gets. If he does post his reactions to the next couple episodes, it's gonna be ridiculous.
883	snowzombie	2011-06-06	[font="Tahoma"]1) GoT has a HUGE ensemble. I doubt that anyone is that closely attached to Ned that his loss will stop them from following the adventures of the other characters in the wake of his death.True, but HBO has used Sean Bean to market the show. He's often the *only* person on promotional images. I bought the box sets of the books and Sean Bean was on the box set even though he's only in one of the four books.
884	Eve	2011-06-06	True, but HBO has used Sean Bean to market the show. He's often the *only* person on promotional images. I bought the box sets of the books and Sean Bean was on the box set even though he's only in one of the four books.Ah but all the more perfect for them to set everybody up to be shocked when he dies.
885	Volderon	2011-06-06	You all make great points, and I guess for the ensemble cast thing...Sean Bean is the biggest name in my opinion.
Sopranos had a great ensemble, but you didn't seem them killing off Tony right?
I'm obviously going to watch because I've read the books etc, but for the random HBO viewer who isn't into the books and just likes the show for the show and doesn't get into the "fandom" might get a little dissapointed.
886	Abaddon	2011-06-06	I'm obviously going to watch because I've read the books etc, but for the random HBO viewer who isn't into the books and just likes the show for the show and doesn't get into the "fandom" might get a little dissapointed.If they aren't at least a little disappointed, then it's a failure.  Hell, aren't we all (still) disappointed?  And that was before Sean Bean's great portrayal of poor foolish Ned.
887	vgz	2011-06-06	Cersei's goofy faces while she listens to anyone say anything makes me wonder how even Lancel wants a piece of that. It's like she is sucking a lemon and perpetually has the sun in her eyes.Still a beautiful woman, though.You know I am happy to see your comment regarding the actress playing Cersei.  I think it might have been better to cast someone who doesn't always have the same expression in every scene (as you said sucking a lemon). I really cannot wait until she gets whats coming to her!  Maybe then we will see some real acting.
888	Volderon	2011-06-06	If they aren't at least a little disappointed, then it's a failure.  Hell, aren't we all (still) disappointed?  And that was before Sean Bean's great portrayal of poor foolish Ned.Dissapointed in a bad way and stop watching is what I meant.
889	CryFenril	2011-06-06	Two points. Number one - I don't think people will be shocked or walk away due to Ned's death. My non-reader friend has already predicted that he's living on borrowed time and isn't likely to see the end of the season, and she is GLAD of it because it's "realistic" It isn't realistic to have the hero always win. She looks forward to seeing how it all plays out. Sean's portrayal of Ned has been tragic from the start - he is awfully good at looking stricken in a manly sort of way, and the aura of doom he projects has been there from the get-go. His death will be seen in the series, just as it was in the books, as a necessity of sorts. The spark that starts the fire. Number two - Sansa's "betrayal". It was never a betrayal in the strict sense - she was a teenager confiding in a woman she trusted to make sure she got what she thought she was destined for and promised. She had no idea she was hurting her father in the process.
890	Vuron	2011-06-06	If they aren't at least a little disappointed, then it's a failure.  Hell, aren't we all (still) disappointed?  And that was before Sean Bean's great portrayal of poor foolish Ned.It could also be relief for some.  I think this is about the time that I really got sick of Ned in the books.  I just couldn't take anymore of his screwups.  I think a lot of people like Ned, but I don't see many that claim he's their favorite character.  Jon, Arya, Tyrion, and Dany seem to have many more followers than Ned.
891	Volderon	2011-06-06	Two points. Number one - I don't think people will be shocked or walk away due to Ned's death. My non-reader friend has already predicted that he's living on borrowed time and isn't likely to see the end of the season, and she is GLAD of it because it's "realistic" It isn't realistic to have the hero always win. She looks forward to seeing how it all plays out. Sean's portrayal of Ned has been tragic from the start - he is awfully good at looking stricken in a manly sort of way, and the aura of doom he projects has been there from the get-go. His death will be seen in the series, just as it was in the books, as a necessity of sorts. The spark that starts the fire. Number two - Sansa's "betrayal". It was never a betrayal in the strict sense - she was a teenager confiding in a woman she trusted to make sure she got what she thought she was destined for and promised. She had no idea she was hurting her father in the process.Most of the people in the world aren't as smart as your friend. Most people WANT fake fantasy garbage and have good people win. These are the same people that watch CSI:Miami week after week.
892	valacirca	2011-06-06	Most of the people in the world aren't as smart as your friend. Most people WANT fake fantasy garbage and have good people win. These are the same people that watch CSI:Miami week after week.I think you underestimate people. Also, this isn't CBS, it's HBO.
893	Lord of Oop North	2011-06-06	I loved the notion that rather than writing the notes and sending them out as they're finished, Maester Luwin is keeping the ravens all cooped up until he's done so he can let them out in one go. He's probably thinking to himself, "Oh man, this shit is gonna be so metal. People are gonna be wandering by and see the castle and be all 'dang, that looks like an album cover!'"I like you. /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' />
894	Alexia	2011-06-06	Number two - Sansa's "betrayal". It was never a betrayal in the strict sense - she was a teenager confiding in a woman she trusted to make sure she got what she thought she was destined for and promised. She had no idea she was hurting her father in the process.TBH, I never would have thought to apply the word "betrayal" to Sansa's actions until I came on the internets and saw others do so.  It was a little kid who didn't understand the situation she was in, to disastrous affect.  I always thought the point for the character was more about the impact of Cersei's betrayal of Sansa's trust, rather than some betrayal of Ned on Sansa's part.  Betrayal requires intent, IMO.
895	valacirca	2011-06-06	True, but HBO has used Sean Bean to market the show. He's often the *only* person on promotional images. I bought the box sets of the books and Sean Bean was on the box set even though he's only in one of the four books.I don't think it should matter that he's "the face of the show." For people who have been following the show, they should already know that the show can run just as well without Ned.Makes me wonder who they'll use to market Season 2.
896	Volderon	2011-06-06	I think you underestimate people. Also, this isn't CBS, it's HBO.Oh I don't underestimate people, I always count on them to fail :-pMost non-readers I've heard about from friends had no idea Jaime and Cersei were brother and sister until the fifth episode.
897	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-06	Oh, another thing, there is a lot of people rooting for the Dothraki and for DROGO, which means his death may be another reason why people may walk away.
Ned and Drogo dead. Dunno if dragons will be enough to keep they all watching. I guess the dragon birth scene will have to be freaking amazing. Nonetheless I liked the King of the North scene far more than the birth of dragons.
898	NW Deserter	2011-06-06	Makes me wonder who they'll use to market Season 2.Probably Dany and Robb. The final two scenes are big moments for these characters.They might even throw Stannis in the mix too.
899	Alexia	2011-06-06	Another thought:  I don't care for the way HBO is handling the rapes.I don't necessarily want to see rape depicted on the screen, but OTOH, I find the whole thing of tossing the women about by the hair or whatever they were doing to be a bit disconcerting.  Same with the dry humping of the Dothraki women at the wedding.  And I don't quite understand the rationale behind it - Pillars of the Earth made it pretty plain what was going to happen to the traders at the wool market, so why is HBO doing this strange thing of trying to keep the plot point of rape while having the women dry humped or tossed about?  This is a genuine question - its so bizarre-looking on the screen to me that I can only assume that they have some rationale behind it.
900	valacirca	2011-06-06	Another thought:  I don't care for the way HBO is handling the rapes.I don't necessarily want to see rape depicted on the screen, but OTOH, I find the whole thing of tossing the women about by the hair or whatever they were doing to be a bit disconcerting.  Same with the dry humping of the Dothraki women at the wedding.  And I don't quite understand the rationale behind it - Pillars of the Earth made it pretty plain what was going to happen to the traders at the wool market, so why is HBO doing this strange thing of trying to keep the plot point of rape while having the women dry humped or tossed about?  This is a genuine question - its so bizarre-looking on the screen to me that I can only assume that they have some rationale behind it.I was just wondering why they'd include an all-out softcore porn scene (two whores during LF's monologue in the brothel) in the show that wasn't in the book... but they were half-assed with the rape scenes that were in the book.That was what seemed odd to me.
901	Volderon	2011-06-06	Probably Dany and Robb. The final two scenes are big moments for these characters.They might even throw Stannis in the mix too.Makes me wonder if they will show Robb in the field in the second season.We all know he wasn't in the second book except for one appearance.
902	Kaitscralt	2011-06-06	Makes me wonder if they will show Robb in the field in the second season.We all know he wasn't in the second book except for one appearance.If the preview for episode nine is any hint, we may see Robb in the field as early as next week.
903	Volderon	2011-06-06	If the preview for episode nine is any hint, we may see Robb in the field as early as next week.No I meant in the second season when we hear about him but don't see him.
904	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	Oh, one scene that I liked was when the ravens all flew from Winterfell, calling the banners.   It didn't really add anything to the plot, but it was (in my mind) an excellent visual.  Gave me chills.Agreed, I absolutely loved that scene.  There certainly weren't that many bannermen to call, but I still thought the scene was great.
905	Xenophon	2011-06-06	That's incorrect, I know what I've read (and it goes way beyond the Littlefinger scene) and there's been enough of it to make John Bradley say some well chosen words on it in the WIC interview. I must have been stepping on some toes though since this is the second person that hasn't said the things I laughed at but still felt the need to defend himself. That always makes you wonder if you've hit on something thought but not yet said since otherwise there's no reason to get defensive.Maybe I wasn't clear or there's some sort of translation problem here.  You said:In light of the complaints about sexual exposition I can't help to be amused at the lack of complaints about violent exposition, like Drogo literally ripping someone's throat out.My point was that "sexposition" =/= simply showing sex on screen.  It means showing sex in the background while also giving us some exposition about the backstory (i.e. Tyrion/Ros, Theon/Ros, Viserys/Doreah, LF/Ros).  Thus Drogo ripping that guy's throat out isn't really analogous.  If Drogo had fought the guy while relating the history of the Dothraki it would have been "violent exposition".  This was just a violent scene, more analogous to the straight up sex scenes between Dany/Drogo.If all you meant was that people seem more offended by the graphic sex than the graphic violence, then I see your point.  I still think there is more sex/nudity-for-the-sake-of-having-sex/nudity than there is violence-for-the-sake-of-violence.  But it is notable that there wasn't much debate over whether Gregor killing his horse was really necessary compared to the discussion of Ros (although that probably has a lot to do with the fact that she's not in the books).But what's even weirder, and what's been bothering me, was why use the wooden sword at all? OK, maybe for the first guy, but the way the scene was staged, Syrio had plenty of time and plenty of opportunities to switch out the practice sword for a real one with his dispatched enemies lying all over. But he didn't, I just thought that was really weird. My only thoughts are that:1) He expected to die anyway.  Even if he beat the KG, there would be more guards coming and he had no hope of escaping himself.  So all that mattered was that he gave Arya time to escape, and once she was gone it didn't matter much if he bought her 1 min or 10.  2) He isn't used to the balance of those swords.  He did emphasize that his style of fighting requires great precision and is very different from the "knight's dance".  So maybe he figured he was better off with his own practice sword than an unfamilar blade.  And after the KG breaks his blade, it's perfectly reasonable to assume that he didn't dare drop his guard.
906	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	No I meant in the second season when we hear about him but don't see him.Personally, I hope they do show him.  The show obviously isn't limited to certain PoV characters like the books are.  We have scene the addition of many scenes that were alluded to in the books but not shown because we don't have the proper PoV, and I hope they continue that trend with Robb.  I have come to really like Richard Madden's portrayal of Robb so I'd like to see him in all his badassery before the Red Wedding.
907	Huan	2011-06-06	Probably Dany and Robb. The final two scenes are big moments for these characters.They might even throw Stannis in the mix too.I think a strong actor for Stannis will be essential to the success of Season 2 since he's a new character they need to establish. Dany actually only has 5 chapters in COK (vs. 10 in GOT). Tyrion and Arya will be carrying a lot of Season 2, if they stick pretty close to the book. Since several of the Tyrion chapters include Sansa, she has quite a big presence in COK as well. I'd forgotten how many Bran chapters there are. I wonder if they will be able to make his storyline compelling. COK POV count:Tyrion 15Arya 10Jon 8Sansa 8Bran 7Catelyn 7Theon 6Daenerys 5Davos 3Maester Cressen 1
908	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	To those saying new fans will drop the show with Ned's death...it's possible.  However look how awesome Robb became in this last episode, and think how even more awesome he will be in the next two.  I think if fans at least stick around for the finale they will throw all their support behind the KING IN THE NORTH for the next season.
Also D&D have talked about giving Robb more screen time than he has in the book for next season.
909	FlipFantastic	2011-06-06	The Other looked like Uncle Fester.  This episode was terrible.
910	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	Probably Dany and Robb. The final two scenes are big moments for these characters.They might even throw Stannis in the mix too.I think they will market season two as an all out civil war, which is certainly is.  Renly vs. Stannis vs. Robb vs. Joffrey.
911	End of Disc One	2011-06-06	I think they will market season two as an all out civil war, which is certainly is.  Renly vs. Stannis vs. Robb vs. Joffrey.vs. Balon.
912	Volderon	2011-06-06	In all fairness we could see quite alot of new scenes. We don't need to see Tyrion screwing Shae every second.
913	NW Deserter	2011-06-06	I think they will market season two as an all out civil war, which is certainly is.  Renly vs. Stannis vs. Robb vs. Joffrey.They might play up Theon too.It's a shame the north of the Wall stuff is fairly uneventful in the next book, up until the last bit.
914	snowzombie	2011-06-06	They might play up Theon too.It's a shame the north of the Wall stuff is fairly uneventful in the next book, up until the last bit.I don't know, Craester's Keep promises to be scary as all get out. Maybe they can add some new scenes up there to liven things up.
915	Xenophon	2011-06-06	It's a shame the north of the Wall stuff is fairly uneventful in the next book, up until the last bit.Aye, that's what I would worry about more.  HBO audiences will be ok with major characters dying.  Will they be ok with an apparently major plot element going onto the backburner for a long time?  IIRC, critics liked season 2 of the Wire, but a lot of fans thought the docks were taking too much time away from the corners.
916	Starkess	2011-06-06	To those saying new fans will drop the show with Ned's death...it's possible.  However look how awesome Robb became in this last episode, and think how even more awesome he will be in the next two.  I think if fans at least stick around for the finale they will throw all their support behind the KING IN THE NORTH for the next season.That was pretty much my progression reading the books. I was all for Ned, and once he died I was heartbroken but all the the King in the North, and by the time the Red Wedding rolled around I was furious, of course, but not about to stop reading...
917	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-06	There seems to be many people upset with the unrealistic rape scenes in this episode.  Actually there is no rape as it just seems that the Khalasar is hording the women into a pen area.  Just pointing it out
					
					
							Edited by Aeron Greyjoy, 06 June 2011 - 10:08 PM.
918	FlipFantastic	2011-06-06	With the build up this show has towards the Dothraki invading, the dragons hatching, and The Others waking up.... the next three seasons right lose non-readers fast.  TV crowd are fickle mistresses.
919	Alexia	2011-06-06	There seems to be many people upset with the unrealistic rape scenes in this episode.  Actually there is no rape as it just seems that the Khalasar is hording the women into a pen area.  Just pointing it outYou are right, but the problem is that the other characters are reacting to it as though it is a rape - i.e., Dany's bloodrider (Jhogo?) saying that the men "honored" MMD, etc.  It isn't making any sense to me.
920	aimlessgun	2011-06-06	Honestly guys, non-readers are going to be angry Ned dies, and won't watch the show anymore. Mark my words.Books are different, but when you kill of a "main" character that was the spearhead in a tv series, people tend to get a little pissed.Well, I don't know how representative TVwoP is, but the most common theory there is that they'll ask Ned to confess, and because of his honor he'll shout out the whole incest thing and force them to kill him. So most people there don't think Ned will live, already.
921	Lord Godric	2011-06-06	vs. Balon.Well yes, that obviously happens, but I don't think they will market the show on Balon as non-book readers would just be asking "who?"
922	Xenophon	2011-06-06	You are right, but the problem is that the other characters are reacting to it as though it is a rape - i.e., Dany's bloodrider (Jhogo?) saying that the men "honored" MMD, etc.  It isn't making any sense to me.Yeah, it's clearly said to be rape.  It might happen off-camera but we're led to believe the Dothraki have been indiscriminately raping the women.
923	Aeron Greyjoy	2011-06-06	Have to agree with those that say Theon is a much more tragic figure in the show.  You can really see that he cares for Robb after protecting him and Bran in the Godswood, as well as being first up to draw steel on the Greatjon.  I am also hoping that Theon eventually gets a shot at redemption somehow serving Bran perhaps when he eventually rules at Winterfell.
924	undertow	2011-06-06	No Karstarks yet.  What are the chances that D&D combine Greatjon and Rickard (IIRC) Karstark?
925	Merentha	2011-06-06	Another thought:  I don't care for the way HBO is handling the rapes.I don't necessarily want to see rape depicted on the screen, but OTOH, I find the whole thing of tossing the women about by the hair or whatever they were doing to be a bit disconcerting.  Same with the dry humping of the Dothraki women at the wedding.  And I don't quite understand the rationale behind it - Pillars of the Earth made it pretty plain what was going to happen to the traders at the wool market, so why is HBO doing this strange thing of trying to keep the plot point of rape while having the women dry humped or tossed about?  This is a genuine question - its so bizarre-looking on the screen to me that I can only assume that they have some rationale behind it.The rationale is obvious:  People don't like feeling too uncomfortable.  A little bit of discomfort is good, like with a horror movie.  If people going to horror movies were actually made nauseous or afraid for their lives, they wouldn't go.  Gore is titillating, but the gore is never the type to make you actually sick.  The same applies to sex or rape.  There's a little bit of titillation watching a rape scene, or they wouldn't keep cropping up in movies, but people don't actually like watching a rape, especially from the emotional point of view of the female.  Generally, you know, when watching a movie, that the victim will be saved right beforehand or that the rapist will get his due punishment, so its "okay" to watch.  That, well, doesn't happen with the Dothraki.  For a contrast, watch the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.  There is a scene that is uncomfortable, very uncomfortable to watch, in a way that never appears in Hollywood films.  In a movie, you can get away with that, because people tend to sit through things of that nature.  You can't as much in  TV show, because you need to keep viewers coming back, and they won't if every time they watch, the end up feeling genuinely uncomfortable.tldr:  Sex sells, portrayal of rape (other than a danger for heroines to avoid or to show how evil the baddy is) doesnt.
926	Wolfheart	2011-06-06	also, how far along is she supposed to be?  plenty of petite women barely show at 5-6 months.Try again. Petite women show FAR More at 5-6 months. I know one first hand and second hand all my wifes friends. All petite ladies. Around 5 ft to 5ft5. All show REALLY well at 5-6mos of pregnancy. Wife showed quite well BOTH times with both pregnancies. Unless the mother is a smoker, drinker and has a terrible diet then maybe.Dany's belly should be at least 6-7 mos along by now. And well into her 2nd trimester.
					
					
							Edited by Wolfheart, 06 June 2011 - 11:02 PM.
927	Aemon Stark	2011-06-06	I don't really think many are likely to stop watching post-Ned, anymore than people ceased watching Rome after Caesar is murdered at the end of the first season. Ned's death "works" as a story point because we are already at that point invested in the character and the cause of his family. It drives the action and the character motivation forward and leads us asking not just "what next?" but "when will this crime be avenged?"
928	JJxvi	2011-06-06	Regarding the "sexposition" debate that keeps cropping up for some reason with sex vs violence.  We have had at least one scene of "violencposition" in this show too. The seemingly universally loathed "Why is LF stealing the Hounds lines!!??" scene that occurs while Ser Hugh gets "Mountain-ed"
929	BarrileteCosmico	2011-06-06	I know a lottt of non-readers that have already spoiled themselves Ned's death. I imagine a significant percentage has already done so and is prepared for it to happen.
930	Whoring Drunkard	2011-06-06	Hahaha man, I can't wait to see how shocked non-readers will be. /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Hmm, I'm not so sure it will shock everyone.  The casual non-reader viewers may be shocked, but over at the forum for non-readers at TWOP, where they obsess over the series as much as we do here, they all seem resigned to Ned being not long for this world.  Their reasoning is different though - they more or less think that Ned is so honourable that he would rather die than swear to Joffrey - so they might be thrown off just enough by an offer for Ned to take the black that hopefully will come earlier in the episode.
931	Morrigan	2011-06-06	The Other looked like Uncle Fester.  This episode was terrible./rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' />
932	sailor	2011-06-07	When Sansa said "I'll be a queen. I won't hatch anything." I immediately thought of Danny. Non Cersei but Danny. I was like: There is another who is aiming to be Queen. And she, on the contrary, is about to hatch something!
933	VikingLegion	2011-06-07	Oh I don't underestimate people, I always count on them to fail :-pMost non-readers I've heard about from friends had no idea Jaime and Cersei were brother and sister until the fifth episode.That's pretty weird considering the very first time we see the two of them in ep1, Jaime opens up with the line, "As your brother, I feel it's my duty to warn you... you worry too much, and it's starting to show."I guess those non-reader friends of your friends were too busy texting or Facebooking to have caught this oh-so-subtle introduction.
934	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-07	With the build up this show has towards the Dothraki invading, the dragons hatching, and The Others waking up.... the next three seasons right lose non-readers fast.  TV crowd are fickle mistresses.I totally agree, some will bail, but I also know that the show has converted a lot of regular non-readers into actual readers. The show may turn some off, particularly the ones who cannot bring themselves to read "Fantasy", but has created a new buzz and flood of readers and followers. Just check the amazon best sellers list ATM.
935	Daenerys	2011-06-07	To those saying new fans will drop the show with Ned's death...it's possible.  However look how awesome Robb became in this last episodeWell I disagree. I'm hoping he shows me something, but he still has the personality of cardboard and I'm not buying all the bannermen following him into battle. Even convincing the Greatjohn took his wolf to do the work, he himself did nothing (though that's not the actor's fault, it's Martin's writing). His "tough meat" was his dog.Robb and Sansa have both been tremendously disappointing to me in the tv series, I just see very little emotion in their faces. Compare that to Sean Bean as Ned, yes he is stoic, but he can convey so much with only facial expressions and his eyes. I'm not seeing that same ability in the actors playing Robb and Sansa, it's almost like they're robots.
936	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-07	Sansa has been dissapointing yeah, her performances a little too similar across the board, but I am going to give Robb the benefit of the doubt, as he has tried to do everything he possibly can with the lines provided to him at this stage. What I would give to have the chance to stare down Cat in front of all the lads!!
937	gogorath	2011-06-07	I'm trying to figure out this thesis wherein television viewers are so much more dumb and dull than fantasy readers that they will be turned off by plot twists en masse.
Do the readers here really think themselves so much more sophisticated than the television audience out there?  Now, normally, I would take a reader over a non-reader, but I hate to burst everyone's bubble, but fantasy ain't exactly Thomas Pynchon or Boz Dickens.  And shockingly, there are many smart people and readers out there who haven't read ASOIF.  I know.  Crazy.
Many television viewers -- and HBO viewers especially -- appreciate a good story just and much as you or I.  They aren't going to scream like little children and turn off the program because of a plot twist.  There's a few fans that might ditch if they were only watching for their favorite character, etc., but no more than the odd person who quit reading after a plot point in the book.
We all appreciated the story as it came.  So will the vast majority of viewers.
I don't feel like anyone who has read Dave Eddings, Raymond Feist, Robert Jordan, Terry Goodkind, etc., can claim intellectual superiority to anyone.  Let's stop acting as if Martin is some kind of inaccessible writer who the average person won't appreciate.
EDIT #1:  Just because I know this will start a crapstorm:  you can throw Steven Erickson in there, as well.  The only man Leo Tolstoy thought needed an editor.  And R. Scott Bakker - where freshman psych turns into freshman porn.
EDIT #2:  In terms of factual evidence, I have seven friends who are non-readers watching (that I know of).  None of them are likely to ditch for plot-related reasons, though one female friend of mine keeps trying to get assurances that Khal Drogo stays around merely for the eye candy.  Poor Elissa.
					
					
							Edited by gogorath, 07 June 2011 - 01:22 AM.
938	Gildenlow	2011-06-07	I loved the notion that rather than writing the notes and sending them out as they're finished, Maester Luwin is keeping the ravens all cooped up until he's done so he can let them out in one go. He's probably thinking to himself, "Oh man, this shit is gonna be so metal. People are gonna be wandering by and see the castle and be all 'dang, that looks like an album cover!'"You are amazing.
939	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-07	Raising your fingers?What kind of a shit scout are you if you actually count the enemy's forces with your fingers in the air?
940	snowzombie	2011-06-07	With the build up this show has towards the Dothraki invading, the dragons hatching, and The Others waking up.... the next three seasons right lose non-readers fast.  TV crowd are fickle mistresses.I might be alone here, but I'd like them to combine A Feast for Crows and a Dance with Dragons into one longer season. For TV it would be awkward to have half the actors under contract for one season, and then the other half under contract for the following season. And I didn't care for AFFC except for Cersei's descent into madness. I'm sure some will disagree but I didn't feel like Dany had much to do in ACoK. She wonders lost in the desert with an ever decreasing number of followers. It's OK for a book but TV viewers may wonder what it's supposed to add up to. The arc doesn't feel complete the way it does for her in  the first and third books. I thought Jon going behind the Wall in ACoK was riveting, but that's another story that may not translate to screen well because there's not too much to see besides Craster (who I'm counting on to scare the crap out of me). Jon doesn't come face to face with his opponents until the very end of his arc.They'll be able to keep Bran busy having trippy dreams which his new friends Jojen and Meera will interpret for him like so much mental tea leaves, being antagonized by the Walders and dealing with Theon's takeover. I am looking forward to Asha and Melisandre. I'm also wondering what grayscale looks like.
941	evanesco75	2011-06-07	2 things I wanted to comment on:I know we've all been delighting over Williams as Arya, but I just had to add my 2 cents here:The first scene when Trant and co enter the room: the bit where she realizes something's amiss thanks to Syrio and grabs her wooden sword. She says, 'I don't have to go anywhere with you if I don't want to,' and there's such an amazing expression of complete, regal disdain on her face just then. I was stunned and impressed. Really. It's one thing pulling off fiesty-tomboy-who-likes-interacting-with-butcher-boys; it's quite another when we see Williams' projecting Arya's feudal background and that icy Starkness with the same effortless ease. Arya is a Lord's daughter, after all and she is very capable of being haughty when needed. Great stuff.Sansa: I don't get the entire 'she ditched Dontos' view at all. Really? She saved his life. She was led to believe he'd help her (we all know he was taking money in return all along). For her, Dontos was a possible escape from KL. But at the back of her mind she did doubt him (and she was mostly right too). When it seemed she might manage an escape via the Tyrells, would some have preferred her to turn her back on the prospect and pout, 'no, Dontos/Florian said he'd get me out, so fuck this opportunity! I'll wait on old letchy-drunkard instead'?The fact is, she saved him without expecting anything in return. She did it out of kindness, and it took quite a lot of courage to oppose Joffrey too. The fact also is, Dontos was LF's pawn. He wasn't being a heroic knight, he was ensuring he'd have enough money to get plastered every night and eventually GTFO KL himself.And the fact is, for all his harmlesness, Dontos was gross, always trying to grope her or plant one on her. In implied exchange for helping her. Ugh. He's as bad as any other old man pawing at a kid. His general patheticness doesn't exempt him, imo. So no, I don't think Sansa's heartless or opportunistic because she 'dumped' Dontos for a while.
942	evanesco75	2011-06-07	bloody dp!
					
					
							Edited by doomsday, 07 June 2011 - 04:16 AM.
943	AndyC	2011-06-07	By the end of the episode, my wife and I were staring at the screen and she said "Next time, we're waiting for the entire series to air, recording all of them, and watching them back to back so we don't have to wait for next week"
What a fantastic episode.
Likes (in no particular order):
- Robb being hardcore and nailing the role.
- The Greatjon
- Bran's expression during the Robb/Greatjon faceoff
- "I hope the wall is high enough"
- "Son of ..." "You wouldn't know him"
- Arya and Syrio (both of them) in the scene where Trant comes.  Both are seriously awesome.
- Sansa in the throneroom
- "... and feed it to the goats.  Yes, I know"
- The raven cloud from Winterfell (yes, I know it was unrealistic, but still: damn!)
- Seriously hardcore Khal Drogo
- Septa Mordane walking towards her death to buy time for Sansa
- Varys in the dungeon ("The realm.  Someone has to")
- Robb and Theon - after the Theon-angst setups of the earlier shows, this shows just why Robb (incorrectly) trusts Theon in ACoK
- Osha after the Hodor arrival
- Rickon delivered his line well
Dislikes:
- The death of the stableboy was a bit too abrupt (and I wasn't impressed by his acting)
- ... that's about it, really.
Other comments:
- Agree that Dany could do with looking a bit more pregnant
- Slight irritation over Jon's clothing - am I being overly picky, or should he NOT be wearing any non-black, such as his white/grey wolfskin thing?  Wouldn't mention it, but the plot point of Mance Rayder's motivation (walked out because irritation with the "no non-black" rule) refers.
- The change in duel scene worked well for me.
- Timmett son of Timmett threw me a bit - was expecting young slim psycho.  Although it didn't really make a huge difference for me.
944	David Selig	2011-06-07	When Ned died in the books was when I started really liking the series, it showed it won't be one of those typical fantasy stories where the good guys commit all kinds of stupid blunders yet survive thanks to luck and plot armour. And I am hardly alone thinking so. The same thing will probably happen with a lot of the viewers too. Sure, many will be disappointed, but I doubt the percentage of those so disappointed that they drop the series altogether would be significant. There's plenty of other fascinating characters to keep viewers interested.
945	SpaA<U+009F>vogel	2011-06-07	Best line of the episode.  Its like a double-triple entendre.  Innocent Sansa saying she won't hatch anything, it just means what it means.  But, 'I'll be a queen just like you--I won't hatch anything.  This, to the queen of hatchery!  Plus, there's Cersei's actual hatchlings, three twincest spawn.  Masterful, George.  Masterful.Also there's Dany who certainly *is* going to be hatching something.
946	Tywin's bastard	2011-06-07	What kind of a shit scout are you if you actually count the enemy's forces with your fingers in the air?There's no school system in Westeros so people won't learn to count even remotely close to the same level as in our times. Most adults that can count there will be on a child's level by our standards, which means that a ton of them will use their fingers to help them. Abstract thinking is something that needs to be developed and our decimal numerical system is based on the number of our fingers.
					
					
							Edited by Tywin's bastard, 07 June 2011 - 05:41 AM.
947	legba11	2011-06-07	If HBO wanted to bring in a big name, clearly Stannis would be the place to do it.  However, that is not normally a part of the playbook.  I would expect an actor we've heard of, but not an A-lister.  
People aren't going to quit the show because Ned dies, I think that's just a silly concept.  They will leave if they don't like watching the show, I doubt there are many people watching the show just for Sean Bean.  If they are, then will likely leave after this episode because he was barely in it.
948	The hairy bear	2011-06-07	If HBO wanted to bring in a big name, clearly Stannis would be the place to do it.  However, that is not normally a part of the playbook.  I would expect an actor we've heard of, but not an A-lister.  The problem is Stannis is a secondary character that will be arround for at least four more seasons. I don't know if big names would go for it. I they were willing to commit to a multi-season job, they would demand a bigger role.I would say that Qhorin Halfhand, Craster, Ygritte, or even any of the Qartheen characters would suit better.
949	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-29	Preview is available here.Scenes seen in the preview:Arya flees into the dark halls torch in hand. Likely after KG comes for her during her dancing lesson.Finally a San+San scene for all you NMH fans. Sandor comes for Sansa, likely to bring her to Cersei. Cersei gets Sansa to write the missive to her family.Robb and Cate receive news/Sansa's letter from KL.Varys meets Ned in the dungeon. "Who do you serve!"Jon's vows are put to the test when news from KL arrives. Maybe Aemon will reveal his Targ heritage?Jon fights a wight.Drogo's Khalazar does a bit of raping & pillaging after leaving Vaes Dothrak.Drogo duels/fights.. likely getting wounded in the process.4 or 5 KGs draw their swords in the throne room.. possibly Ser Barristan's dismissal?Wow. This episode is going to be insane!!How are the newbies supposed to follow this?
950	DragonAge93	2011-05-30	No thread yet, and wanted to get the ball rolling on this episode, because judging by the preview, it's gonna be badass....
HBO official site preview: http://www.hbo.com/g...pYUlQLFAFv-Fzg=
And for those who can't view it on HBO.com, here's the preview from YouTube: http://www.youtube.c...h?v=q653MMhri3A
951	Anomandaris86	2011-05-30	Is Sandor the one who kills Septa Mordane? I can't remember.
952	Gravedigger	2011-05-30	Looks like George & Rory have brought back the Hound's rasping laugh - Hurrah!  /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' /> These shots are wonderfully moodily shot... Conleth Hill is doing cracking work as Varys, I'm looking forward to his chat with Ned! Bad times for the Stark kids. Good luck to the actors playing them! Do you think non-readers will be sufficiently invested in them to continue watching post-Baelor? I think The Pointy End will be Sansa & Robb's episode by the looks of it. We'll see...
953	Tall Tyrion Lannister!	2011-05-30	Is there any chance that we get Tower of Joy this week?
954	Rhodan	2011-05-30	Is Sandor the one who kills Septa Mordane? I can't remember. It was never shown, she was probably beheaded by Ilyn.
955	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-30	NM... oh. Nevermind! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />Next week looks excellent. Can't wait for Arya's scenes. Generally curious to see what GRRM thinks is important at this point! (10-minute Ned/Varys sex scene, anyone...?)Is Sandor the one who kills Septa Mordane? I can't remember.Joffrey just shows Sansa the head and says she was a traitor, there's no mention of whodunnit.
956	Slick Mongoose	2011-05-30	I hope we get Barristan kicking arse.
					
					
							Edited by Slick Mongoose, 30 May 2011 - 05:46 AM.
957	Renly Baratheon	2011-05-30	After no new show this past week I'm freaking pumped
958	Mike	2011-05-30	Is there any chance that we get Tower of Joy this week?Well, Ned doesn't look feverish, or really any worse for wear.  In the books he was sick and in pain, wasn't he?  I know the ToJ doesn't necessarily have to be a fever dream, but it seemed like it was in the books.
959	NW Deserter	2011-05-30	After no new show this past week I'm freaking pumpedI only have to wait a week since a new show! This is why I'm almost glad that TimeWarnerCable doesn't offer HBO-Go. Almost.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' /> Anyway, tons of good stuff here. I'm looking forward to them fleshing out Robb a bit more, I'm hoping they'll give him a lot of meaningful screen time so his episode 10 stuff resonates louder with the viewers.Also looking forward to more Sansa. Honestly, I really like the portrayal of Sansa in the show, I think the young lady playing her is doing a good job, even though she's a bit less naive and more...well...bitchy than in the books. But she hasn't really gotten a chance to do anything meaningful since episode 2 (although her conversation with Ned and Arya in episode 6 was pretty good), so this'll give yet another child actor a chance to shine.I'm a little worried about Drogo getting wounded...they've built him up as an awesome badass this entire season but the viewers have only seen him kill Viserys and fuck, two things that aren't very difficult to do. Hope they at least let him kill a few mofos before he gets injured.So excited!!! These last three have some good shit in them!
					
					
							Edited by NW Deserter, 30 May 2011 - 07:24 AM.
960	Trebond	2011-05-30	[*]Finally a San+San scene for all you NMH fans. Sandor comes for Sansa, likely to bring her to Cersei. After weeks of NHM, I am SO EXCITED to finally get some H!!!!  /wideeyed.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':wideeyed:' /> This episode looks FANTASTIC. I wonder if we can go one week without seeing Ros's snapper.
961	Kyptastic	2011-05-30	[*]4 or 5 KGs draw their swords in the throne room.. possibly Ser Barristan's dismissal?[/list]You can see Selmy's head moving into the bottom right of the screen just before the edit, it's definitely his dismissal scene. Hopefully we get bad-ass Barristan slaying gold cloaks left right and centre on his way out.
					
					
							Edited by Kyptastic, 30 May 2011 - 07:44 AM.
962	herkles	2011-05-30	this will be an awesome episode I feel. 
Don't think it is jon's chat with maester Aemon, I thought I read about that scene being in episode 9. besides there is a hell of a lot to cover in the episode so I don't think that will be in the episode.
question though: did jon recieve longclaw before he spoke with maester Aemon or later?
963	TheEvilKing	2011-05-30	Is there any chance that we get Tower of Joy this week?No.  /laugh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':laugh:' /> There's a brief shot of a knight in full armour facing Syrio in the preview. Maybe he'll finally, definitely, die.Joffrey looks hella creepy with the crown.Looks like Cat trying to argue Robb out of going to war, for the sake of his sisters.
964	iheartseverus	2011-05-30	Didn't I see a brief flash of Charles Dance doing THE STARE?  I swear, whatever part he plays, when he does that slow turn of the head and nails you with THE STARE, its like you got pinned to a dartboard, with the dart right through the forehead.
/uhoh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':uhoh:' />
965	Asharak	2011-05-30	"Looks like Cat trying to argue Robb out of going to war, for the sake of his sisters."
ItÂ<U+0092>s presented that way in the trailer, but I bet she is actually yelling at Lysa.
It will be interesting to see how these last three episodes are written/paced. There is so much material left to tell, and IÂ<U+0092>m getting kinda afraid the remaining material wonÂ<U+0092>t be allowed to breathe properly.
966	Popgun	2011-05-30	You can see Selmy's head moving into the bottom right of the screen just before the edit, it's definitely his dismissal scene. Hopefully we get bad-ass Barristan slaying gold cloaks left right and centre on his way out. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' /> yeah and hopefully Syrio gets a decent portion of screen time as well. I loved his fight with the guards in the books, but it was a bit annoying there was never any real closure on it. The most likely outcome was that Ser Meryn ended up killing him. I've always held open a slight hope he managed to escape though  /hat.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':hat:' />
967	Andhaira	2011-05-30	GRRM knows about all the theories regarding Syrio. He is writing this episode. This is an excellent chance to put fan arguments and theories about Syrio to rest. He better take that chance, or he will be one cruel mofo.
968	NW Deserter	2011-05-30	GRRM knows about all the theories regarding Syrio. He is writing this episode. This is an excellent chance to put fan arguments and theories about Syrio to rest. He better take that chance, or he will be one cruel mofo.Unless of course if the theories hold some merit...then he'll probably just purposely leave us in the dark.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />
969	Asharak	2011-05-30	It would be really weird if Syrio actually died. I always assumed that GRRM would have outright said so, if we werenÂ<U+0092>t meant to assume he was still out there somewhere. 
Even if he did die, he certainly had a memorable sendoff, hopefully they do it justice in the show.
970	ingsve	2011-05-30	I'm a little worried about Drogo getting wounded...they've built him up as an awesome badass this entire season but the viewers have only seen him kill Viserys and fuck, two things that aren't very difficult to do. Hope they at least let him kill a few mofos before he gets injured.There was some interview with Momoa where he commented on the lack of action for Drogo through most of the story and since he had just come off of doing Conan where he had lots of fighting he requested that they add some extra fighting for Drogo and apparently they did. There is supposedly a scene where
	Spoiler he rips the throat out of someone.
971	Steel_Wind	2011-05-30	Is Sandor the one who kills Septa Mordane? I can't remember.Septa Mordane is killed "offscreen" away from Sansa. The fact of her death is known to her because she sees her  head on a spike. Who specifically killed Septa Mordane and under what circumstances are unknown to Sansa -- and therefore -- unknown to the reader.While the TV series could resolve that issue for us and GRRM could choose to reveal it, it is far more likely that it will not.The interesting thing with The Pointy End is that GRRM has an opportunity to revise his story fifteen+ years after the fact. Whether he will choose to do so, and in what way, if any, is an extremely entertaining prospect. Moreover, we will have to put up with a lot less whining about the "canon vs. non-canon" nature of Episode 8. It's all GRRM, in the end. He makes the choices that he wants to make and it's all "official", come what may.
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 30 May 2011 - 11:23 AM.
972	Steel_Wind	2011-05-30	It would be really weird if Syrio actually died. I always assumed that GRRM would have outright said so, if we werenâ<U+0080><U+0099>t meant to assume he was still out there somewhere. Even if he did die, he certainly had a memorable sendoff, hopefully they do it justice in the show.I honestly don't think so and this is a case where the readers have creates a mystery and controvery where none was intended. Syrio was fighting Ser Meryn with a wooden sword that is wholly ineffective against Meryn Trant's armor. We see that stick break just as Arya flees the room. We do not have to guess as to whether or not Ser MEryn survived the battle -- we have always known that he does.  We know that unless Syrio somehow escaped the fight shortly after Arya fled the room, that Syrio must have died during it.I honestly doubt that The Pointy End will do anything to revise this "mystery".That said, Syrio Forell's professed espousal of the God of Death was an interesting tidbit for the fans. There are hundreds of gods worshipped in Bravos and the Many Faced God is just one of them. Syrio's line regarding "Not today" was certainly an interesting nod to the House of Black and White.And yet you want more? "A girl is greedy."
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 30 May 2011 - 11:30 AM.
973	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-05-30	I knew GRRM would never let us down! /bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />:bowdown:/bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' /> /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />:fencing:/fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />
974	Huan	2011-05-30	I honestly doubt that The Pointy End will do anything to revise this "mystery".Agreed, and in any case, how would we know the mystery was being resolved the same way in the TV show as in the books? The show canon doesn't have to match up with the book canon.
975	Steinman	2011-05-30	This looks to be the best episode yet. It'll be interesting to see how GRRM works as a screenwriter again.
976	Knight Of The North	2011-05-30	Can't wait to see how they handle Robb finally deciding to plunge the entirety of Westeros into war.Can't wait to see more of Syrio (Goddamnit, he has to live.)Can't wait to see the entire episode.
977	The Bastard King	2011-05-30	I'm a little worried about Drogo getting wounded...they've built him up as an awesome badass this entire season but the viewers have only seen him kill Viserys and fuck, two things that aren't very difficult to do. Hope they at least let him kill a few mofos before he gets injured.Or they can hype up his opponent by having him kill 3-4 guys together and then have Drogo destroy him in a fight without showing any effort.
978	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-30	Drogo. It's pretty safe to assume he gets wounded in 8, it festers in 9, and he dies in 10. Anything shorter wouldn't be sufficiently tragic.
979	Zezibesh	2011-05-31	I honestly don't think so and this is a case where the readers have creates a mystery and controvery where none was intended. Syrio was fighting Ser Meryn with a wooden sword that is wholly ineffective against Meryn Trant's armor. We see that stick break just as Arya flees the room. We do not have to guess as to whether or not Ser MEryn survived the battle -- we have always known that he does.  We know that unless Syrio somehow escaped the fight shortly after Arya fled the room, that Syrio must have died during it.There were plenty of swords dropped by the guards on the ground.
980	Anomandaris86	2011-05-31	At the very least, even if Syrio wasn't able to harm Meryn due to his armor, he should at least just be capable of dodging his attacks, don't you think? I think he just bought time for Arya, and then escaped.Besides, isn't Meryn supposed to be a halfass fighter? I thought that was so. If it was Barristan or something I'd feel differently.
981	danro	2011-05-31	There were plenty of swords dropped by the guards on the ground.Syrio is probably not very good with a knights sword, his style is unsuited for the weapon.At the very least, even if Syrio wasn't able to harm Meryn due to his armor, he should at least just be capable of dodging his attacks, don't you think? I think he just bought time for Arya, and then escaped.Dodging him for a time is one thing. But isn't he trapped in an enclosed space with an armoured knight?Getting past Meryn and out the doorway seems a longshot.
982	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-31	I'd never even considered that Syrio had survived until I started looking at the boards. It seems more likely that he was killed, but Syrio's such a wily chap that it's still conceivable he escaped. The fact GRRM is consistently cagey about what became of him puts more of a question mark over it, and suggests it might actually be significant, but who knows?ETA: If he's due to reappear in Dance, then the show might contain some suggestion that he got away, but otherwise I doubt there will be any resolution short of having him killed outright on-screen.
					
					
							Edited by A<U+0089>tA©, 31 May 2011 - 05:26 AM.
983	The Anti-Targ	2011-05-31	GRRM knows about all the theories regarding Syrio. He is writing this episode. This is an excellent chance to put fan arguments and theories about Syrio to rest. He better take that chance, or he will be one cruel mofo.Why would he show anything definitive in this regard? If I was George I'd like to leave fans wondering about things like this right to the last book, or right to when he makes a reappearance (if he's going to at all). If Syrio is dead for real then I think George should leave people to wonder forever, including leaving fans of the show wondering, hoping that maybe, just maybe Syrio could win free.Man if they have Jon talking to Aemon, leaving, coming back, being thrown into custody, and killing a wight all in one episode that would be too much. I'd rather see the wight attack start towards the end of this episode and finish in episode 9. Jon also needs to make up with Pyp, because right now Pyp thinks Jon is a total arsehole and there's no way he'd ride out to make Jon come to his senses and come back to the Wall...unless they ditch the hole Jon deserting part  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />
984	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-31	Man if they have Jon talking to Aemon, leaving, coming back, being thrown into custody, and killing a wight all in one episode that would be too much. I'd rather see the wight attack start towards the end of this episode and finish in episode 9. Jon also needs to make up with Pyp, because right now Pyp thinks Jon is a total arsehole and there's no way he'd ride out to make Jon come to his senses and come back to the Wall...unless they ditch the hole Jon deserting part  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />The preview has the Old Bear saying, "Your place is here now," with lots of exterior shots of Castle Black so they must be covering at least part of it.
985	Axon	2011-05-31	At the very least, even if Syrio wasn't able to harm Meryn due to his armor, he should at least just be capable of dodging his attacks, don't you think? I think he just bought time for Arya, and then escaped.Besides, isn't Meryn supposed to be a halfass fighter? I thought that was so. If it was Barristan or something I'd feel differently.It's entirely possible Syrio escaped, though what his role in ASOIAF would be now seems unclear. But Meryn is still alive, so it's likely they killed Syrio.
986	Zezibesh	2011-05-31	Dodging him for a time is one thing. But isn't he trapped in an enclosed space with an armoured knight?Getting past Meryn and out the doorway seems a longshot.Get Meryn off his feet, and you can easily escape.It's entirely possible Syrio escaped, though what his role in ASOIAF would be now seems unclear. But Meryn is still alive, so it's likely they killed Syrio.Or he could have disarmed Syrio, or he could have surrendered, or anything really.Or he's the Faceless Man. I know that the theory has been practically debunked by some posters, but it was what I thought of when reading aCoK, and in my mind there's still that possibility.EDIT: And, of course, GRRM likes killing characters in gruesome ways. Would Syrio's death really be left open like this?
					
					
							Edited by Zezibesh, 31 May 2011 - 08:04 AM.
987	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-31	Man if they have Jon talking to Aemon, leaving, coming back, being thrown into custody, and killing a wight all in one episode that would be too much. I'd rather see the wight attack start towards the end of this episode and finish in episode 9. Jon also needs to make up with Pyp, because right now Pyp thinks Jon is a total arsehole and there's no way he'd ride out to make Jon come to his senses and come back to the Wall...unless they ditch the hole Jon deserting part  /dry.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt='<_<' />They certainly do not have all that, as that is not how it happens in the book. Mormont tells Jon Ned has been captured and accused of treason.  Jon attacks Thorne at table, because of his insults about Ned's treason, and is put in one of the cells.  During the night, the wights attack, and Jon hears them and follows from his cell, eventually saving the old man.  This is likely where the episode will end.Later, Jon is visited by the LC, shortly after hearing about Robb's march south, and is rewarded with Longclaw.  He shows the sword to Sam, at which point Sam says Aemon wants to see Jon.  Aemon has his talk about loyalties, and reveals his lineage.  That night, Jon deserts, leaving Longclaw behind.  He is brought back by his friends, and is that night told that the Watch is heading North to find Benjen - and Jon will be going as Mormont's squire.   This last bit will be spread over two episodes, not sure where they split it - probably at Aemon's talk?
988	Abaddon	2011-05-31	If I were drawing it up, I'd have Jon riding off into the night as the cliffhanger ending for the Wall setting in Episode 9.  The Wall setting in Episode 10 would begin with his friends catching up with him and bringing him back.  Probably cut to another setting, and save the last scene for the following sequence:
- Tyrion, told he will be appointed Hand of the King and is going to King's Landing, and taking Shae with him
- Jon, informed they will be ranging in force north of the Wall
- Robb, King in the North
- Dragons
Seriously, that's an amazing finish.  I can't wait to see it, however they end up organizing it.
989	Vuron	2011-05-31	I set this up to record on my DVR last night and noticed that the episode was 1 hour and 10 minutes long.  Anybody else notice this episode was longer than normal?
990	Axon	2011-05-31	Or he could have disarmed Syrio, or he could have surrendered, or anything really.Or he's the Faceless Man. I know that the theory has been practically debunked by some posters, but it was what I thought of when reading aCoK, and in my mind there's still that possibility.EDIT: And, of course, GRRM likes killing characters in gruesome ways. Would Syrio's death really be left open like this?Kind of defeats the whole "the first sword of Braavos does not run" line and position, but sure, lots of stuff could have happened. Among that stuff is one of Meryn and co. sticking Syrio, who was unarmed at the time. GRRM kills lots of people off screen, so who knows?  I'd like to think Syrio is alive, I just happen to doubt it.
991	Popgun	2011-05-31	Kind of defeats the whole "the first sword of Braavos does not run" I could imagine Syrio saying something like "I did not run! I escaped! I glided into retreat for that day was not the day to die!"lol, well something like that. I'm sure GRRM could make it sound cool.GRRM kills lots of people off screen, so who knows?  I'd like to think Syrio is alive, I just happen to doubt it.yeah I agree. I assume he's dead until proven otherwise. It'll be cruel of GRRM if on the t.v the scene ends exactly the same way. It probably will though, Syrio will take out a few guards.... Ser Meryn sighs and lowers his viser. Cut scene.I'm convinced most authors get some kind of perverse pleasure out of leaving little mysteries like this unsolved. So then their fans are left wandering and debating it forever.  /devil.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':devil:' />
992	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-31	(Correct me if I'm wrong.) Ser Barristan's dismissal. We only heard of it second hand after the fact IIRC. I'm really looking forward, excited even, to see how it goes down.. especially since GRRM is the screenwriter for this episode. All I remember is that he cuts his way through some gold cloaks to freedom and flees KL heading south. He is a living legend, I hope they get that across. Hopefully it will at least be as impressive as the fight on the eastern road where Bronn cuts down 4 hillmen with relative ease.
993	Spionkop	2011-05-31	He will not spill blood of his fellow kingsguard, he'll put down his sword and walk out.
994	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-31	(Correct me if I'm wrong.) Ser Barristan's dismissal. We only heard of it second hand after the fact IIRC. I'm really looking forward, excited even, to see how it goes down.. especially since GRRM is the screenwriter for this episode. All I remember is that he cuts his way through some gold cloaks to freedom and flees KL heading south. He is a living legend, I hope they get that across. Hopefully it will at least be as impressive as the fight on the eastern road where Bronn cuts down 4 hillmen with relative ease.Nope, Sansa's POV. She sees the new Small Council take office, Barristan's deposition and the Hound's instalment as his replacement. It's the scene in which she begs for mercy for her father.
995	Maltaran	2011-05-31	We see his dismissal, but the killing of gold cloaks is not seen, only mentioned afterwards.
996	vinsanity	2011-05-31	I set this up to record on my DVR last night and noticed that the episode was 1 hour and 10 minutes long.  Anybody else notice this episode was longer than normal?that would be cool =)
997	Asharak	2011-05-31	There is a lot of story left to tell, so a 70 minute episode would certainly make sense.
998	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-31	They need the 70 mins for the 10 minute sex scene between Ros and a direwolf (apparently there haven't been enough scenes with direwolves) whilst LF tells us what happens at the end of the series (he is the Great Other and has been manipulating the worlds of men in the form of a different small lord every generation and will set up Sansa as a puppet on the throne to rule with a Queensguard of uber-Others. He is also Melisandre) /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />
999	SerArthurHeath	2011-05-31	Oh, and Bran and Robb kick Theon repeatedly in the balls for 5 minutes too
1000	Abaddon	2011-05-31	The schedule on hbo.com shows it as 59 minutes.  Longer than anything but the 1st episode, I believe?
1001	DragonAge93	2011-05-31	I really like the the Sandor/Sansa scene in the preview. His little "snarl" as he closes in on her. Kinda gives me chills, and also what is to come in their "relationship".
1002	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-31	Finally a San+San scene for all you NMH fans. Sandor comes for Sansa, likely to bring her to Cersei.Um, what does NMH stand for!?  /huh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />
1003	Trebond	2011-05-31	Um, what does NMH stand for!?  /huh.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':huh:' />Needs More Hound  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1004	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-05-31	Looks like plenty of Hound in this one... do you think they'll put the 'true knight' spiel from the tourney feast in here? It's seeming like a pretty packed episode. Keen! /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1005	Ser Kevan Raley	2011-05-31	Needs More Hound  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />Ah, thank you! And agreed. I'm a Hound fan too.
1006	NW Deserter	2011-05-31	Oh, and Bran and Robb kick Theon repeatedly in the balls for 5 minutes tooNow this I would be okay with.  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />
1007	Volderon	2011-05-31	They need the 70 mins for the 10 minute sex scene between Ros and a direwolf (apparently there haven't been enough scenes with direwolves) whilst LF tells us what happens at the end of the series (he is the Great Other and has been manipulating the worlds of men in the form of a different small lord every generation and will set up Sansa as a puppet on the throne to rule with a Queensguard of uber-Others. He is also Melisandre) /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />Post of the day by far.
1008	NW Deserter	2011-05-31	If I were drawing it up, I'd have Jon riding off into the night as the cliffhanger ending for the Wall setting in Episode 9.  The Wall setting in Episode 10 would begin with his friends catching up with him and bringing him back.  Probably cut to another setting, and save the last scene for the following sequence:- Tyrion, told he will be appointed Hand of the King and is going to King's Landing, and taking Shae with him- Jon, informed they will be ranging in force north of the Wall- Robb, King in the North- DragonsSeriously, that's an amazing finish.  I can't wait to see it, however they end up organizing it.I got chills reading this. This is a perfect idea, hopefully it'll end up similar to how you say.
1009	Bowl o' Brown	2011-05-31	Nope, Sansa's POV. She sees the new Small Council take office, Barristan's deposition and the Hound's instalment as his replacement. It's the scene in which she begs for mercy for her father.Ah, that's right. Thanks.We see his dismissal, but the killing of gold cloaks is not seen, only mentioned afterwards.That must be what threw me off.I wonder if they are going to combine them into one scene like it had in my head. It would be a good opportunity to have Ser Barristan show what he can do. /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />  I had forgotten about Sandor joining the KG at this time. The scene might just be the 4 KGs drawing their swords to welcome Sandor into the KG order, and its just clever trailer editing, and jump cuts, that makes it look like its fight footage.
1010	RedWeddingCake	2011-05-31	Just got off the phone with Syrio...he made it out.  Can we end the speculation now?
1011	iheartseverus	2011-05-31	Just got off the phone with Syrio...he made it out.  Can we end the speculation now?HAHAHAHAHAHA!  Wonderful!/bowdown.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':bowdown:' />
1012	Anomandaris86	2011-06-01	I had forgotten about Sandor joining the KG at this time.I love that exchange of dialogue from the books:"I'll join the Kingsguard, but I'll take no knights' vows.""But...members of the Kingsguard have always been knights.""Until now."Hope they keep that.
1013	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-01	The scene might just be the 4 KGs drawing their swords to welcome Sandor into the KG order, and its just clever trailer editing, and jump cuts, that makes it look like its fight footage.Nope, the Hound is in the background grinning to himself when the KG draw, but I think that's Barristan facing them all on the right-hand side of the screen. They could just be threatening him, not getting stuck into a melA©e.
1014	Gurney Halleck	2011-06-01	Hello all, first post here. greetings from Canberra, Australia.
More hound - yes. NMH.
Syrio, totally raising a bravvos army to flank Dany.
Jon and Ghost need more time on screen. Ros should accommodate.
Barristan will get his back. Some day.
Go Varys!
Littlefinger, you were way cooler and capable as the mayor of Baltimore.
Most excellent series.
Carry on.
1015	oneeye	2011-06-01	Syrrrrrrrrrio
having said that, this episode promises a lot of meat, and not of the Ros variety.
1016	Hooplehead	2011-06-01	What ever happened to that scene from one of the early trailers that had Ned with a rope around his neck in front of the Iron Throne?  And people were speculating that maybe it was supposed to be Brandon and they were showing his murder, or that maybe Ned was dreaming of that incident with himself in Brandon's place.
Did that footage get clipped?  Or is that going to work its way into one of these next episodes somehow?
1017	Ser Warpechowski	2011-06-01	You can see Selmy's head moving into the bottom right of the screen just before the edit, it's definitely his dismissal scene. Hopefully we get bad-ass Barristan slaying gold cloaks left right and centre on his way out.It would be freaking awesome if his action scene was right there when he was dismissed and he slayed ALL guards present in the room and just left.
1018	Volderon	2011-06-01	Do you guys think they might introduce Selmy into Dany's storyline sooner than they did in the books? Maybe at the beginning of season 2?
1019	Arrogant Bastard	2011-06-01	If I were drawing it up, I'd have Jon riding off into the night as the cliffhanger ending for the Wall setting in Episode 9.  The Wall setting in Episode 10 would begin with his friends catching up with him and bringing him back.  Probably cut to another setting, and save the last scene for the following sequence:- Tyrion, told he will be appointed Hand of the King and is going to King's Landing, and taking Shae with him- Jon, informed they will be ranging in force north of the Wall- Robb, King in the North- DragonsSeriously, that's an amazing finish.  I can't wait to see it, however they end up organizing it.I don't think that can be the cliffhanger ending for the Wall setting. Jon only rides off when he finds out Ned has been executed, and I'm positive Ned's execution will be the last scene of the episode.
1020	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-01	I don't think that can be the cliffhanger ending for the Wall setting. Jon only rides off when he finds out Ned has been executed, and I'm positive Ned's execution will be the last scene of the episode.I bet it ends with Yoren cutting Arya's hair, then the camera pans up to take in Sansa sobbing on her knees, Joffrey generally being a massive dickface, and Cersei/Varys/Littlefinger looking worried. Then on up to the sky and credits /biggrin.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':D' />
1021	Morrigan	2011-06-01	At the very least, even if Syrio wasn't able to harm Meryn due to his armor, he should at least just be capable of dodging his attacks, don't you think? I think he just bought time for Arya, and then escaped."The First Sword of Braavos does not run."/sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />
1022	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-01	Needs More Hound  /thumbsup.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':thumbsup:' />I thought it stood for something else, only the originator didn't know whores has a silent W.So we have 2 factions with, to a certain extent, somewhat converging interests: the NMH and the NMR. Because the first could be realised through achieving the second.
1023	The Anti-Targ	2011-06-01	"The First Sword of Braavos does not run."/sad.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':(' />But he can use the "I don't have a sword on me right now, let me pop out and pick one up then we can resume" escape clause.
1024	Alexia	2011-06-01	[*]Finally a San+San scene for all you NMH fans. Sandor comes for Sansa, likely to bring her to Cersei. *bouncing on toes with childish glee*I love it!  Was Septa Mordane telling Sansa to run or was that a voiceover?  Regardless, I am really looking forward to Sunday's episode now!Everything looks great too, looks like the wight attacked at the Wall and little Arya on the run, plus the Lamb People.... I'm looking forward to my husband's reactions; he's heard some of the storyline on audiobook but isn't familiar with everything and its pretty fun to watch some of his reactions.
1025	ExLibris	2011-06-01	Looks like this episode will make up for the relative mediocrity of the previous one. /love.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':love:' />
1026	DragonAge93	2011-06-01	Damn I want to watch this episode right now... Sunday hurry up and get here....
1027	roguedandelion	2011-06-02	Unless of course if the theories hold some merit...then he'll probably just purposely leave us in the dark.  /smoking.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':smoking:' />I feel like if Syrio lived, he would have fled back to Braavos and Arya would have encountered him after spending the entire 4th book there. But then, I also thought she would have had a reunion with Nymeria during the all that time she was in the Riverlands. Regardless, I do hope he takes this chance to at least give us a hint.
1028	Arya The Assassin	2011-06-02	The preview looks great! George being the author of this episode makes it all the more exciting.
1029	modehead	2011-06-02	What ever happened to that scene from one of the early trailers that had Ned with a rope around his neck in front of the Iron Throne?  And people were speculating that maybe it was supposed to be Brandon and they were showing his murder, or that maybe Ned was dreaming of that incident with himself in Brandon's place.Did that footage get clipped?  Or is that going to work its way into one of these next episodes somehow?Good question. I always assumed it was a flashback to the Mad King killing Brandon. But, it would've made sense for them to show that scene earlier, right?  Build up the Mad King a bit more, raising the stakes of everything following it.  We'll see...
1030	modehead	2011-06-02	I'm assuming, given the title, that this is the episode where Arya makes her first kill. Anyone else see that coming?
1031	madking	2011-06-02	In the begining of the trailer you hear someone say "kill the girl" anyone know who says it and who its in reference too?
1032	Huan	2011-06-02	In the begining of the trailer you hear someone say "kill the girl" anyone know who says it and who its in reference too?I'm guessing it's Ser Meryn Trant, but it sounds like some nifty preview editing changed the line from "DON'T kill the girl" to "Kill the girl." The intonation of "kill" doesn't sound like it's from the beginning of a sentence. That's my theory, anyway.
1033	NW Deserter	2011-06-02	First sneak-peek clip is up! http://www.youtube.c...c&feature=feeduGotta love the Tyrion/Bronn banter. I'm excited to see Shagga's casting!
1034	Popgun	2011-06-03	I'm assuming, given the title, that this is the episode where Arya makes her first kill. Anyone else see that coming?I hope so. It was a great scene from the book. She stabs a boy/squire and he looks down and goes "oh...". It'll be great to see Arya's thirst for murder finally emerge.
1035	Axon	2011-06-03	I hope so. It was a great scene from the book. She stabs a boy/squire and he looks down and goes "oh...". It'll be great to see Arya's thirst for murder finally emerge.She's a good actress too.  When she has Joffrey's sword to his throat in episode 2, her expression was excellent.  It seemed like she wanted to kill the little prick but knew better.
1036	Steel_Wind	2011-06-03	I hope so. It was a great scene from the book. She stabs a boy/squire and he looks down and goes "oh...". It'll be great to see Arya's thirst for murder finally emerge.Thirst for murder? WTF? Arya was emotionally devastated by killing the stable boy and went through wracking guilt over the deed for well over a year within the books.  Arya feared that the deed would cause her father, and later mother and Robb, in particular, to quite possibly eject her from the Stark family and disown her.  She never really gets over this guilt, as it happens. Arya has been directly responsible for the deaths of five people in the novels to date. This obviously does not incude:(1) Ser Amory Lorch's men if any were harmed when they were ATTACKING ARYA and Yoren & Co in the holdfast; (2) Jaqen's victims (Chyswick and Weese) and Vargo Hoat's guards w/ "Weasel Soup"; (3) Anybody killed while in the guise of Nymeria as Arya really does not have control or understand her "wolf dreams" at all and does not know she is a warg; (4) Anybody who she has assisted in their own suicide at the Temple of Black and White (clearly, not murder). We are left with: Stableboy - killed to escape, (positively wracked with guilt) Bolton's guardsman at Harrenhall - killed to escape, (some guilt)The Tickler - fight statrted by Polliver and the Tickler, Arya stabs in back. Definitely meant to kill him. She would been tortured, mained and raped had she let him live, NO GUILT (nor was any required).   The "Sarsfield squire" with P&T at the Inn - Arya was attacked by the teen and stabbed him in self-defence, later killing him with the gift of mercy to spare him an agonizing death, (felt guilty about his death).Daeron - Slain for breaking his vow to the Night's Watch in accordance with the Common Law of the Seven Kingdoms -- passed judgment and carried out sentence as "Arya of House Stark" as she had seen her father do. Zero guilt. "Good boots are hard to find". This one is a touch problematic in therms of what she feels does not feel -- but if that is first for murder, it didn't start in the Red Keep.Arya's sanity is a little shaken by what she has experienced, but for all that, she is remarkably resilient and I reject her being characterized as a sociopath. Arya obviously has empathy with others and understands that they feel both emotional and physical pain. The only death Arya took real satisfaction in was the Tickler's.  To put it mildly, if taking satisfaciton in his death was wrong and sociopathic -- then almost every reader of A Storm of Swords is a sociapath in the making by that definition.  Worse, unlike Arya, we happen to be REAL PEOPLE feeling real emotions and exulting in the (pretend) death of an imaginary villain!
					
					
							Edited by Steel_Wind, 03 June 2011 - 10:37 AM.
1037	A<U+0089>tA©	2011-06-03	I'd argue that she does get rather bloodthirsty from KL onwards, but she only kills when no other option presents itself, and is remorseful about the deaths that were collateral damage, e.g. stableboy, Harrenhal guard. She does fantasise a lot about murdering the people on her list.
1038	Trinket	2011-06-03	First sneak-peek clip is up! http://www.youtube.c...c&feature=feeduGotta love the Tyrion/Bronn banter. I'm excited to see Shagga's casting!Love it! I'm really looking forward to Tyrion and Bronn meeting the hill tribes. This episode will be awesome.
1039	Morrigan	2011-06-03	Good post, Steel_Wind. I am very annoyed also by people who mischaracterize Arya as a sociopath. These people are completely clueless about what sociopaths really are, and well, seems to have completely missed Arya as a whole really.
1040	Nihilist	2011-06-03	Thirst for murder? WTF? Arya was emotionally devastated by killing the stable boy and went through wracking guilt over the deed for well over a year within the books.  Arya feared that the deed would cause her father, and later mother and Robb, in particular, to quite possibly eject her from the Stark family and disown her.  She never really gets over this guilt, as it happens. Arya has been directly responsible for the deaths of five people in the novels to date. This obviously does not incude:(1) Ser Amory Lorch's men if any were harmed when they were ATTACKING ARYA and Yoren & Co in the holdfast; (2) Jaqen's victims (Chyswick and Weese) and Vargo Hoat's guards w/ "Weasel Soup"; (3) Anybody killed while in the guise of Nymeria as Arya really does not have control or understand her "wolf dreams" at all and does not know she is a warg; (4) Anybody who she has assisted in their own suicide at the Temple of Black and White (clearly, not murder). We are left with: Stableboy - killed to escape, (positively wracked with guilt) Bolton's guardsman at Harrenhall - killed to escape, (some guilt)The Tickler - fight statrted by Polliver and the Tickler, Arya stabs in back. Definitely meant to kill him. She would been tortured, mained and raped had she let him live, NO GUILT (nor was any required).   The "Sarsfield squire" with P&T at the Inn - Arya was attacked by the teen and stabbed him in self-defence, later killing him with the gift of mercy to spare him an agonizing death, (felt guilty about his death).Daeron - Slain for breaking his vow to the Night's Watch in accordance with the Common Law of the Seven Kingdoms -- passed judgment and carried out sentence as "Arya of House Stark" as she had seen her father do. Zero guilt. "Good boots are hard to find". This one is a touch problematic in therms of what she feels does not feel -- but if that is first for murder, it didn't start in the Red Keep.Arya's sanity is a little shaken by what she has experienced, but for all that, she is remarkably resilient and I reject her being characterized as a sociopath. Arya obviously has empathy with others and understands that they feel both emotional and physical pain. The only death Arya took real satisfaction in was the Tickler's.  To put it mildly, if taking satisfaciton in his death was wrong and sociopathic -- then almost every reader of A Storm of Swords is a sociapath in the making by that definition.  Worse, unlike Arya, we happen to be REAL PEOPLE feeling real emotions and exulting in the (pretend) death of an imaginary villain!She is the only character in the entire book that keeps a list of people she wants to kill. Not to mention, she chants this list before going to bed each night. She is a mass murder who feels VERY little remorse. The only remorse she does feel is for HERSELF. Not her victims. She is scared of what her family will think of her, not of the pain and suffering of those she kills. And it was the Hound that suggested giving the gift of mercy, the same gift she DENIES the Hound because he "doesn't deserve it". Ya real nice girl you support here.
1041	The Warmth of Winter	2011-06-04	Bolton's guardsman at Harrenhall - killed to escape, (some guilt)I would say no guilt at all.The last lines go:"Valar Morghulis," she whispered as he died. When he stopped moving she picked up the coin.Outside the wall of Harrenhall, a wolf howled long and loud. She lifted the bar, set it aside and pulled open the heavy oak door. By the time Hot Pie and Gendry came up with the horses, the rain was falling hard. "You killed him!" Hot Pie gasped."What did you think I would do?" Her fingers were sticky with blood, and the smell was making her mare skittish. It's no matter, she thought, swinging up into the saddle. The rain will wash them clean again.Arya doesn't feel bad for the guard one bit and not before the quoted piece above either. She is the only character in the entire book that keeps a list of people she wants to kill. Not to mention, she chants this list before going to bed each night. She is a mass murder who feels VERY little remorse. The only remorse she does feel is for HERSELF. Not her victims. She is scared of what her family will think of her, not of the pain and suffering of those she kills. And it was the Hound that suggested giving the gift of mercy, the same gift she DENIES the Hound because he "doesn't deserve it". Ya real nice girl you support here.I'm not really sure how much the "Arya is a sociopath" debate makes sense. We wouldn't have thought twice about if it had been any other male character in the series (except maybe Rickon) doing the "murders". It's hard to debate morals in a fictional world were death and killing people is normal, since I consider taking the life of another human being (in real life), to be an absolutely horrible and unthinkable act, while I can think; "Yeah, stab that son of a b*tch!", when reading a battle scene.Arya's the only person keeping a list of the people she wants dead that we know of. Keeping a list of people you hate isn't that unusual for a child that's been abused, really. That she happens to also want them dead can be attributed to growing up in the midst of a war watching people die, left and right.
1042	LÂ<U+0092>Age dÂ<U+0092>or	2011-06-04	She is the only character in the entire book that keeps a list of people she wants to kill. Not to mention, she chants this list before going to bed each night. She is a mass murder who feels VERY little remorse. The only remorse she does feel is for HERSELF. Not her victims. She is scared of what her family will think of her, not of the pain and suffering of those she kills. And it was the Hound that suggested giving the gift of mercy, the same gift she DENIES the Hound because he "doesn't deserve it". Ya real nice girl you support here.Arya>>Every other female character in the book. Deal with it and stop hatin.
1043	Aoife	2011-06-04	What, did the "Arya is a psychopath" thread get closed? (I figure it's safe to mention, since this is a book spoilers thread anyway.)
1044	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-04	I'm not really sure how much the "Arya is a sociopath" debate makes sense. We wouldn't have thought twice about if it had been any other male character in the series (except maybe Rickon) doing the "murders". Exactly, Bronn is much more of a sociopath than Arya yet all I hear is the fanboys talking about how much a "bad ass" Bronn is.Arya is great.  Love her and hope she gets to personally kill everyone on her list.
1045	taal	2011-06-05	I think (and hope) that this episode will include Arya's first kill, too, judging by the title. She's my favourite character and I have been impressed with just about every scene I have seen Maisie do so far. Especially considering her age, I think she's done a brilliant job. It really gives me faith in her ability to portray Arya's full character arc and all that she goes through with real depth and empathy.
I am also looking forward to the San/San scene, because I'm not really sure how they'll pursue that particular relationship in the series.
I doubt we'll see any ToJ flashbacks, but perhaps Ned will have a little monologue with Varys when he gives the letter to him?
Also looking forward to seeing more of Robb- it's about time! I wonder if the line about family from Cat is directed at him, or at his aunt.
It's going to be a good episode, but then they've all been shaping up excellent. Can't believe we've only a few left! I very much hope they extend season 2, though I don't suppose they will.
1046	Morrigan	2011-06-05	I'm guessing it's Ser Meryn Trant, but it sounds like some nifty preview editing changed the line from "DON'T kill the girl" to "Kill the girl." The intonation of "kill" doesn't sound like it's from the beginning of a sentence. That's my theory, anyway.Yeah, it sounds weird, and they certainly would not want to kill such a precious hostage. So either it's a weird edit, or they're referring to another girl but I'm not sure who it could be.She is the only character in the entire book that keeps a list of people she wants to kill.For vengeance.  That's pretty much anti-sociopath since it's based entirely on feelings.She is a mass murder [sic]/rolleyes2.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':rolleyes:' /> Not even close. Robb Stark is more a mass-murderer than she is. who feels VERY little remorse. Why should she feel remorse towards the Tickler, Polliver, Weese, Chiswyck etc? If anything, she should probably be happier at their deaths than she really is. When she learns that Joffrey is dead, she thinks that she should be happy about this, but for some reason she just feels empty. She thinks, "what does it matter if Joffrey is dead, if Robb is dead too?". A sociopath wouldn't remotely have this train of thought.
					
					
							Edited by Morrigan, 05 June 2011 - 03:35 AM.
1047	zippypoodle	2011-06-05	She is the only character in the entire book that keeps a list of people she wants to kill. Not to mention, she chants this list before going to bed each night. She is a mass murder who feels VERY little remorse. The only remorse she does feel is for HERSELF. Not her victims. She is scared of what her family will think of her, not of the pain and suffering of those she kills. And it was the Hound that suggested giving the gift of mercy, the same gift she DENIES the Hound because he "doesn't deserve it". Ya real nice girl you support here.She is the only character in the entire book who keeps a list of people whose actions show that they deserve death (and whom the world of ASOIAF would be better off without). Not to mention, she reminds herself of their names every night to be certain that justice falls upon them. She is a selective killer who feels only as much remorse as she should--very little. She is a little girl who wants the love and respect of her family. And she chooses not to kill the Hound, giving Hound fans some hope for his survival. What a nice girl!(There, I translated your post for you, since my translation is clearly what you meant to say.)
1048	TheEvilKing	2011-06-05	Can't wait to see Arya get her murder on! Finally!!!!!!  /fencing.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':fencing:' />Also looking forward to seeing more of Robb- it's about time! I wonder if the line about family from Cat is directed at him, or at his aunt.Fairly sure it's at Robb. His family is being held hostage. Cat wants him to bend the knee so she gets her daughters back. Robb stubbornly refuses, because it's his duty to bring the wrath of the North down on the Lannisters.At least, I'm guessing that's what it is. She could also be saying it about Sansa, maybe.
					
					
							Edited by TheEvilKing, 05 June 2011 - 12:40 PM.
1049	Maltaran	2011-06-05	Looking at the background, I'm fairly sure Cat's still at the Eyrie there, which would make Lysa the target.
1050	Songstress	2011-06-05	Fairly sure it's at Robb. His family is being held hostage. Cat wants him to bend the knee so she gets her daughters back. Robb stubbornly refuses, because it's his duty to bring the wrath of the North down on the Lannisters.At least, I'm guessing that's what it is. She could also be saying it about Sansa, maybe.At  this point in the story, Robb is still at Winterfell (and is shown there in the preview with Maester Luwin and Theon), and Cat is still at the Eyrie with Lysa.  The way they cut the clips together make it seem like Cat and Robb are talking to one another, but it can't be the case.   They don't meet up with one another again until Robb marches south and crosses the Neck, when Cat is on the way to Riverrun.   Pretty sure Cat's "Does family mean nothing to you?" is directed at her sister.
1051	The Scabbard Of the Morning	2011-06-05	I'm pretty sure Robb marches south in the episode.
1052	Songstress	2011-06-05	I'm pretty sure Robb marches south in the episode.I wouldn't be at all surprised if he leaves Winterfell this episode.  I'd be somewhat surprised if he and Cat meet up before the end of the episode, though, he's got a long way to travel and so does she.  And the background shot when Cat is talking has to be the Eyrie, Cat didn't go back to Winterfell and when she gets to talk with Robb again it's with the northern army already on the march.
1053	Son of Thunder	2011-06-05	(he is the Great Other and has been manipulating the worlds of men in the form of a different small lord every generation and will set up Sansa as a puppet on the throne to rule with a Queensguard of uber-Others. He is also Melisandre) /wink.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=';)' />It is known.
1054	Aoife	2011-05-27	I've just come across a couple of tumblr sites that are putting up images (apparently & also claimed to be) from episode 8. Did I miss something? Is HBO sending out more review screeners? Are these authorised? Is it clever editing? Were these from previews and I just missed them? Did I fall into a coma and miss two weeks somewhere?? (I must admit that they are lush images, some of them!)
1055	Ran	2011-05-29	Those particular shots all seem to come from one of the previews HBO released a few weeks back, which had our first look at Shagga and showed Tyrion and Tywin together. Can't recall which one it was.
1056	Aoife	2011-05-31	Those particular shots all seem to come from one of the previews HBO released a few weeks back, which had our first look at Shagga and showed Tyrion and Tywin together. Can't recall which one it was.Sandor and Sansa too? Okay, so I did miss it all! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Thanks.
1057	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-31	Sandor and Sansa too? Okay, so I did miss it all! /lol.gif' class='bbc_emoticon' alt=':lol:' /> Thanks.There was only one tumblr linked in your OP - was there a second tumblr account that was missed?  All the Tyrion pics were old, but I didn't see any Sansa pics.  Perhaps I just missed them.
1058	Aoife	2011-05-31	There are a bunch of GoT-related tumblr accounts out there, and more than one was showing shots from ep 8 (or later, though claimed to be from 8). I didn't link them all because I forgot that the Tyrion Lannister one didn't have the full sidebar. (Plus I was just lazy. I figured people could search for 'game of thrones tumblr'.)Winterfell is another, but I find the main page not that great. Too many images, takes way too long to load them all (not to mention an additional 400 MB of RAM on my machine when I open the page), and the layer transparency reduces a lot of the visible detail of the pictures. I'm pretty sure that's where I saw the 'Sansa meets Sandor' shot, so I'm still digging through it to provide a direct link.Found the image on another site.
					
					
							Edited by Aoife Trevgaryen, 31 May 2011 - 11:28 AM.
1059	OhDanyBoy	2011-05-31	There are a bunch of GoT-related tumblr accounts out there, and more than one was showing shots from ep 8 (or later, though claimed to be from 8). I didn't link them all because I forgot that the Tyrion Lannister one didn't have the full sidebar. (Plus I was just lazy. I figured people could search for 'game of thrones tumblr'.)Winterfell is another, but I find the main page not that great. Too many images, takes way too long to load them all (not to mention an additional 400 MB of RAM on my machine when I open the page), and the layer transparency reduces a lot of the visible detail of the pictures. I'm pretty sure that's where I saw the 'Sansa meets Sandor' shot, so I'm still digging through it to provide a direct link.Found the image on another site.Ah, OK.  That shot is from the Episode 8 preview, which has been available through HBO GO for a week (since Episode 7 has been available).
